{"total_words": 1026, "documents": ["This paper examines accounting and nonaccounting factors behind accounting losses over a 50-year period. Using multivariate time-series analysis, we report evidence that the annual percentage of losses for U.S. firms is significantly related to accounting conservatism, Compustat coverage of small firms, real firm performance as measured by cash flows from operations, and business cycle factors. We further find that nonaccounting factors tend to play the dominant role in explaining accounting losses over our sample period. Our results are robust to alternative definitions of macroeconomic productivity, as well as to varying model specifications. Our findings contribute to the literature on accounting losses and accounting conservatism and have implications for the use of accounting loss information in numerous settings.\n      </p>", "Following Sloan (1996), numerous studies document that the accrual component of earnings is less persistent than the cash flow component of earnings. Disagreement exists, however, as to the explanation for this result. One stream of literature follows Sloan's lead in arguing that this result is attributable to accounting distortions (Xie 2001; Dechow and Dichev 2002; Richardson et al. 2005). A second stream of literature argues that this result is attributable to a more general growth effect and that growth-related factors such as diminishing returns to new investment explain the lower persistence of accruals (e.g., Fairfield et al. 2003a; Cooper et al. 2005). We provide new evidence indicating that temporary accounting distortions are a significant contributing factor to the lower persistence of the accrual component of earnings. Our evidence indicates that the lower persistence of accruals extends to accruals that are unrelated to sales growth and that extreme accruals are systematically associated with alleged cases of earnings manipulation.\n      </p>", "This paper examines whether the type of competition in a market influences the association between the intensity of competition and demand for accounting information. Empirical analysis using a sample of 1,578 hospital-year observations from hospitals in California finds no association between the intensity of competition and demand for accounting information in the presence of quality competition; however, when firms compete on price, the need to control costs leads to a positive association between the two. In addition, the change in the unit of analysis in the hospital industry from the payer to the ailment increased the demand for accounting information for all California hospitals. This study suggests that competition intensity increases the demand for accounting information under one type of competition (price), but not another (quality competition), and thereby contributes to our understanding of the reasons for the mixed evidence in prior literature on the relation between competition and the demand for accounting information.\n      </p>", "Research extending over twenty years in behavioral decision theory has led to the development of two important research streams--mental accounting and reason-based choice. This paper explores recent research on the role of mental accounting and reason-based choice in the construction of consumer preferences. Evidence suggests that the principles of mental accounting often regulate the purchase and consumption of luxuries and that reasons may play an important part in this process. In particular, buying and consuming luxury goods tends to call for reasons and justification and can evoke intra-personal conflict that might be resolved with the aid of mental accounting. Moreover, reasons can serve as important building blocks in the formation and grouping of mental accounts. The current paper also discusses the construction of preferences as a process where, in certain cases, consumers choose reasons rather than options. Among other things, focusing on reasons can lead to discrepancies between decisions and consumption experiences, preference intransitivity, and unconventional choices. Directions for future research are discussed.\n      </p>", "This study examines whether the provisions of a firm's bank debt contracts affect its accounting choices. Starting with a sample of firms who have bank debt and who also voluntarily changed accounting methods, we investigate whether the likelihood that the change in accounting method increased (rather than decreased) the borrower's income depends on (1) whether the change in accounting method affects the bank debt contract calculations, (2) the expected costs of violating the bank debt covenants, (3) whether performance pricing provisions affect the interest rate on the loan, and (4) whether the bank debt contract contains accounting-based dividend restrictions. After controlling for other motives for changing accounting methods, we find that borrowers whose bank debt contracts allow accounting method changes to affect contact calculations are more likely to make income-increasing rather than income-decreasing changes. This increase in likelihood of an income-increasing change is attenuated when expected costs of technical violation are lower because there is a single lender, and occurs for borrowers whose debt contacts have performance pricing and dividend restrictions. These results suggest that incentives to lower interest rates through performance pricing or to retain dividend payment flexibility influence borrowers' accounting method choices, thereby addressing the fundamental questions posed by Fields et al. (2001) of whether, under what circumstances, and how accounting choice matters.\n      </p>", "A report of a survey on the present and expected importance of accounting history to practicing accountants and accounting educators. The survey appears to indicate that accounting history is, and perhaps will continue to be, a topic of special interest to us\u2014 accounting historians.\n      </p>", "In this article it is argued that there are notable parallels between all of the different strands within ethics on the one hand, and accountancy on the other that, in teaching, can be drawn upon to enhance students' understanding of the latter. Accountancy, part of economics, draws on utilitarian ethics, but not solely so. Accounting, in addition, draws on deontological and communitarian strands in ethics. The article suggests that the teaching of accounting - especially to non-economists - would benefit substantially from highlighting and developing these parallels.\n      </p>", "Cross-functional teams operate in dynamic environments in which it is difficult to properly align incentives. As a result the free-rider problem can emerge. This paper presents two experiments in which dominant incentives to free ride were held constant. The first experiment examined the question of whether aligning accounting report structure and team structure in such a way as to create a \"group frame\" helps to mitigate the free-rider problem. Accounting report structure was found to complement team structure. When properly aligned, accounting and team structures helped to resolve the free-rider problem interactively by operating as a powerful group framing device. The second experiment provides theory-consistent evidence that people outside the teams (subjects who acted as management control system designers) fail to appreciate how powerfully the design of accounting and team structures influence performance within teams. Finally, the study provides additional insight into the role that accounting structure can play in promoting informal control within cross-functional teams.\n      </p>", "Using both a market-based and an accrual-based measure of conservatism, we find that firms facing more severe conflicts over dividend policy tend to use more conservative accounting. Furthermore, we document that accounting conservatism is associated with a lower cost of debt after controlling for other determinants of firms' debt costs. Our collective evidence is consistent with the notion that accounting conservatism plays an important role in mitigating bondholder-shareholder conflicts over dividend policy, and in reducing firms' debt costs.\n      </p>", "Adoption of international and U.S. financial accounting standards by leading German corporations presages a new era in European capital markets, with important implications for the design and management of German supplementary pensions. In this paper, we first introduce financial accounting standards boards, the evolution of U.S. pension accounting standards since ERISA (1974), and the introduction of FASB 87. We emphasize the quiet campaign by national and international accounting professionals to harmonize corporate accounting and the measurement of pension liabilities to accepted international standards. Using data collected from 1998 annual reports for German firms in the DAX 30 index, we report on and explain the adoption of international accounting standards by large German firms. This takes us to an analysis of the scope and significance of corporate pension liabilities. Noting the connection between accounting standards and global capital markets, we identify the implications of harmonization of German supplementary pension and retirement benefit systems for the mechanisms of financing benefits, the valuation of assets and liabilities, and the advantages and disadvantages of defined benefit as opposed to defined contribution plans. In combination, we show that historical differences between the Anglo-American system of corporate governance and the German system of entrenched management within interlocking boards of supervision and the representation of stakeholders' interests are now less compelling than assumed.\n      </p>", "In this study we examine the long-run effects of unexpected firm performance on CEO compensation. We find that unexpectedly good accounting performance is initially associated with increases in CEO pay. However, this initial effect soon reverses, and is followed by lower CEO pay in later years. Overall, the CEO's long-run cumulative financial gain from unexpectedly good accounting performance is not significantly different from zero. In contrast, unexpectedly good stock price performance is associated with increases in CEO pay for several years. Thus, the CEO's long-run cumulative financial gain from unexpectedly good stock price performance is positive and significant.\n      </p>", "This paper describes a presentation on ethics for accounting and business students. In 2001 and 2002, major corporate failures such as Enron and Worldcom, combined with questionable accounting practices, made ethics a paramount concern to persons working in business and accounting. While financial statement analysis and regulatory requirements are important technical topics, the issue of ethics provides faculty a unique and very appropriate setting to discuss deeper truths about doing business and living life well. This paper briefly describes the development and assessment of one approach to presenting ethics built around a computerized slide show (PowerPoint). The goal of the presentation is to increase students' understanding of the essential role of ethics to accounting and business. Following the presentation, students indicated a heightened recognition of the importance of ethics. Educators should do all that they can to encourage students to do the \"right\" thing, even in dicult circumstances. This encouragement may serve them well in school and later in their careers.\n      </p>", "A new model of consumer behavior is developed using a hybrid of cognitive psychology and microeconomics. The development of the model starts with the mental coding of combinations of gains and losses using the prospect theory value function. Then the evaluation of purchases is modeled using the new concept of \"transaction utility\". The household budgeting process is also incorporated to complete the characterization of mental accounting. Several implications to marketing, particularly in the area of pricing, are developed.\n      </p>", "From a valuation perspective, no \"best\"--or even consistent--measure of pro forma earnings exists.\n      </p>", "Preparers of financial statements are in a position to manipulate the view of economic reality presented in those statements to interested parties. This paper examines two principal categories of manipulative behaviour. The term 'macro-manipulation' is used to describe the lobbying of regulators to persuade them to produce regulation that is more favourable to the interests of preparers. \"Micro-manipulation\" describes the management of accounting figures to produce a biased view at the entity level. Both categories of manipulation can be viewed as attempts at creativity by financial statement preparers. The paper analyses two cases of manipulation. First, it describes a recent case of significant and successful lobbying against the accounting regulator in the USA. The second case examines some recent Spanish earnings manipulation to demonstrate the effects of biased reporting at the entity level. Both types of creativity are considered in an ethical context. The paper concludes that the manipulations described in it can be regarded as morally reprehensible. They are not fair to users, they involve an unjust exercise of power, and they tend to weaken the authority of accounting regulators.\n      </p>", "This study examines how accounting quality relates to firm-level capital investment efficiency. Our first hypothesis is that higher quality accounting enhances investment efficiency by reducing information asymmetry between managers and outside suppliers of capital. Our second hypothesis is that this effect should be stronger in economies where financing is largely provided through arm's-length transactions compared with countries where creditors supply more capital. Our results are consistent with these hypotheses both across and within countries. They are robust to alternative econometric specifications, different measures of accounting quality and investment-cash flow sensitivity, and numerous control variables.\n      </p>", "There are two sources of agency costs under moral hazard: (1) distortions in incentive contracts and (2) implementation of suboptimal decisions. In the accounting literature, the relation between conservative accounting and agency costs of type (1) has received considerable attention (cf. Watts 2002). However, little appears to be known about the effects of accounting conservatism on agency costs of type (2) or trade-offs between agency costs of types (1) and (2). The purpose of this study is to examine this void. In a principal-agent setting in which the principal motivates the agent to expend effort using accounting earnings, this study shows that accounting earnings become more useful for reducing agency costs of type (2) when measured conservatively than when measured aggressively. Combined with the result in Kwon et al. (2001) that agency costs of type (1) decrease with accounting conservatism, this analysis suggests that conservative accounting enhances the incentive value of accounting signals with respect to both types of agency costs.\n      </p>", "This study examines the relationship between accounting and market-value measures of profitability for individual firms. Differences in measures of profitability are observed both between and within industry groups and thus cannot be explained by differences in uncontrolled industry-specific influences. We suggest that both accounting and market can be used as unique but imperfect indicators of profitability. Using a LISREL model approach, we find R &amp; D intensity, television advertising intensity, leverage, and industry growth to be important determinants of firm profits.\n      </p>", "In this paper we present an empirical analysis to test whether organisation configurations and management accounting systems change simultaneously. Using the original application of the fuzzy logic methodology, we analyse the level of development and implementation of the management accounting system and the organisational configuration on a sample of 501 Italian firms. Even though we employ a cross-sectional approach, the results may be interpreted according to the life cycle model. Our findings show that the evolution of the organisational configurations is not always coherent with the relevance assumed by management accounting systems. In particular, we find a large group of companies with a simple organisational configuration and a well-developed management accounting system. We interpret the presence of this cluster dynamically as an intermediate stage of growth towards more complex forms of organisation.\n      </p>", "The accounting profession has emphasized the need for ethics education in the accounting curriculum. The current study examines professional commitment and anticipatory socialization, operationalized by perception of financial reporting, as possible determinants of Accounting students' ethical perceptions and intentions. Accounting students with higher levels of professional commitment and higher perception of the importance of financial reporting were more likely to perceive questionable actions as unethical and less likely to engage in such actions compared to those students with lower commitment and lower perception of financial reporting. The results have implications for accounting instructors and accounting employers as they socialize students in the accounting profession at this early stage.\n      </p>", "This paper presents an investigation of management accounting in four major Italian universities, which have been struggling to build their strategy in a context of significant change. Following many OECD countries the Italian government has been changing its higher education system by giving more autonomy to universities. These changes pose a number of challenges for management and accounting systems in Italian Universities. Drawing on self-referential theory and its applications to accounting research the paper analyses the construction of Strategic Management Accounting (SMA) in four Italian universities, which are immersed in a similar context of change. The focus is specifically on two aspects of decisions: (1) resource allocation and (2) new academic programme.\n      </p>", "We predict and find that accounting restatements that adversely affect shareholder wealth at the restating firm also induce share price declines among non-restating firms in the same industry. These share price declines are unrelated to changes in analysts' earnings forecasts, but instead seem to reflect investors' accounting quality concerns. Peer firms with high industry-adjusted accruals experience a more pronounced share price decline than do low-accrual firms. This accounting contagion effect is concentrated among revenue restatements by relatively large firms in the industry. We also find that investors impose a larger penalty on the stock prices of peer firms with high earnings and high accruals when peer and restating firms use the same external auditor. Our results are consistent with the notion that some accounting restatements cause investors to reassess the financial statement information previously released by non-restating firms.\n      </p>", "We report on an experiment in which experienced auditors (1) determine whether to allow a client to adopt an aggressive reporting method when the auditors have an incentive to do so, and (2), justify aggressive reporting by their interpretations of financial accounting standards. In the experiment, the appropriate reporting method depends upon whether an amount can be \"reasonably estimated\" as that term is used in an applicable accounting standard. The accounting standard relevant to determining the appropriate reporting method was manipulated between subjects (thus varying whether judging that an amount can be reasonably estimated would justify an aggressive or conservative method), as was engagement risk. The results indicate that the auditors responded to moderate engagement risk by permitting the aggressive reporting method and justified their choice with aggressive interpretations of accounting standards. When faced with high engagement risk, the auditors responded by requiring conservative reporting and justified their choice with conservative interpretations of accounting standards.\n      </p>", "Despite a wealth of prior research (e.g., Wynd and Mager, 1989; Weber, 1990; Harris, 1991; Harris and Guffey, 1991; McCabe et al., 1991; Murphy and Boatright, 1994; Gautschi and Jones, 1998), little consensus has arisen about the goals and effectiveness of business ethics education. Additionally, accounting academics have recently been questioned as to their commitment to accounting ethics education (Gunz and McCutcheon, 1998). The current study examines whether accounting students' perceptions of business ethics and the goals of accounting ethics education are fundamentally different from the perceptions of accounting faculty members. The study uses a survey instrument to elicit student and faculty responses to various questions concerning the importance of business ethics and accounting ethics education. Statistical analyses indicate that students consider both business ethics and the goals of accounting ethics education to be more important than faculty members. Implications of these results for accounting faculty members interested in accounting ethics education are discussed.\n      </p>", "This study uses a sample of 530 Texas school districts to investigate the information relevance of governmental financial statements published under Governmental Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 34 (GASB No. 34). Specifically, we examine whether the new government-wide statements provide information relevant for assessing a government's default risk, and if this information is incremental to that provided by the governmental funds statements. GASB No. 34 requires governments to publish governmental funds statements prepared on a modified accrual basis, and government-wide statements prepared on an accrual basis. We find that GASB No. 34's Statement of Net Assets (similar to a corporation's balance sheet) provides information relevant for assessing default risk, and this information is incremental to that provided by the governmental funds statements. However, GASB No. 34's Statement of Activities (similar to a corporation's income statement) does not provide information relevant for assessing default risk. The accrual \"earnings\" measure is not more informative than the modified-accrual \"earnings\" measure. A government's modified-accrual earnings measure can be thought of as a type of measure of changes in working capital. Therefore, our results are consistent with research on corporate entities that attributes the superiority of earnings over cash flows primarily to working capital accruals and not long-term accruals. For our sample of school districts, evidence suggests that total net assets from the government-wide Statement of Net Assets, along with a measure of modified-accrual \"earnings\" from the governmental funds statement, provide the best information for explaining default risk.\n      </p>", "Although the foundation of financial accounting and auditing has traditionally been based upon a rule-based framework, the concept of a principle-based approach has been periodically advocated since being incorporated into the AICPA Code of Conduct in 1989. Recent high profile events indicate that the accountants and auditors involved have followed rule-based ethical perspectives and have failed to protect investors and stakeholders - resulting in a wave of scandals and charges of unethical conduct. In this paper we describe how the rule-based traditions of auditing became a convenient vehicle that perpetuated the unethical conduct of firms such as Enron and Arthur Andersen. We present a model of ten ethical perspectives and briefly describe how these ten ethical perspectives impact rule-based and principle-based ethical conduct for accountants and auditors. We conclude by identifying six specific suggestions that the accounting and auditing profession should consider to restore public trust and to improve the ethical conduct of accountants and auditors.\n      </p>", "Oil and gas firms using the full cost method during 1985-1986 faced a choice between taking a write-down in oil and gas properties or changing to the successful efforts method. In a time-series analysis, the executive bonuses of firms switching to the successful efforts method are found to be associated with accounting income, suggesting the effects of bonus plans on the switch decision. We also show that the firms choosing write-down reported more losses before the write-down during the decision year, and that the bonuses of these firms' executives are not affected by the write-down.\n      </p>", "In the standard economic account of consumer behavior the cost of a purchase takes the form of a reduction in future utility when expenditures that otherwise could have been made are forgone. The reality of consumer hedonics is different. When people make purchases, they often experience an immediate pain of paying, which can undermine the pleasure derived from consumption. The ticking of the taxi meter, for example, reduces one's pleasure from the ride. We propose a \"double-entry\" mental accounting theory that describes the nature of these reciprocal interactions between the pleasure of consumption and the pain of paying and draws out their implications for consumer behavior and hedonics. A central assumption of the model, which we call prospective accounting, is that consumption that has already been paid for can be enjoyed as if it were free and that the pain associated with payments made prior to consumption (but not after) is buffered by thoughts of the benefits that the payments will finance. Another important concept is coupling, which refers to the degree to which consumption calls to mind thoughts of payment, and vice versa. Some financing methods, such as credit cards, tend to weaken coupling, whereas others, such as cash payment, produce tight coupling. Our model makes a variety of predictions that are at variance with economic formulations. Contrary to the standard prediction that people will finance purchases to minimize the present value of payments, our model predicts strong debt aversion-that they should prefer to prepay for consumption or to get paid for work after it is performed. Such pay-before sequences confer hedonic benefits because consumption can be enjoyed without thinking about the need to pay for it in the future. Likewise, when paying beforehand, the pain of paying is mitigated by thoughts of future consumption benefits. Contrary to the economic prediction that consumers should prefer to pay, at the margin, for what they consume, our model predicts that consumers will find it less painful to pay for, and hence will prefer, flat-rate pricing schemes such as unlimited Internet access at a fixed monthly price, even if it involves paying more for the same usage. Other predictions concern spending patterns with cash, charge, or credit cards, and preferences for the earmarking of purchases. We test these predictions in a series of surveys and in a conjoint-like analysis that pitted our double-entry mental accounting model against a standard discounting formulation and another benchmark that did not incorporate hedonic interactions between consumption and payments. Our model provides a better fit of the data for 60% of the subjects; the discounting formulation provides a better fit for only 29% of the subjects (even when allowing for positive and negative discount rates). The pain of paying, we argue, plays an important role in consumer self-regulation, but is hedonically costly. From a hedonic perspective the ideal situation is one in which payments are tightly coupled to consumption (so that paying evokes thoughts about the benefits being financed) but consumption is decoupled from payments (so that consumption does not evoke thoughts about payment). From an efficiency perspective, however, it is important for consumers to be aware of what they are paying for consumption. This creates a tension between hedonic efficiency and what we call decision efficiency. Various institutional arrangements, such as financing of public parks through taxes or usage fees, play into this tradeoff. A producer developing a pricing structure for their product or service should be aware of these two conflicting objectives, and should try to devise a structure that reconciles them.\n      </p>", "This essay describes implications of the subprime crisis for accounting. First, I overview the institutional and market aspects of subprime lending with the greatest accounting relevance. Second, I discuss the critical aspects of FAS No. 157's fair value definition and measurement guidance and explain the practical difficulties that have arisen in applying this definition and guidance to subprime positions during the crisis. I also raise a potential issue regarding the application of FAS No. 159's fair value option. Third, I discuss issues that have arisen regarding sale accounting for subprime mortgage securitizations under FAS No. 140 and consolidation of securitization entities under FIN No. 46(R) associated with mortgage foreclosures and modifications. Fourth, I indicate ways that accounting academics can address the implications of the subprime crisis in their research and teaching.\n      </p>", "The choice of the appropriate actuarial cost method was an important issue considered at the different stages of the process that led to the promulgation of the SFAS No. 87, \"Employers' Accounting for Pensions.\" Actuarial cost methods have been used by firms for accruing periodic pension expenses and determining the funding of defined-benefit pension plans. These methods have been classified by actuaries into cost-allocation methods and benefit-allocation methods. This study identifies and evaluates some possible determinants of the switch from a cost-allocation actuarial cost method to a benefit-allocation actuarial cost method. The primary effects of this switch are a decrease in pension expense and in the amount funded to the pension plan. The decreases in pension expense and funding arise because benefit-allocation methods have lower pension liabilities than do cost-allocation methods. This study hypothesizes that the primary reasons for the switch in actuarial cost methods are: a reduction in contracting costs, a decline in the taxpaying status and the earnings performance, and a preference for internal over external sources of funds for financing investment outlays. In addition, the study examines whether an actuarial alignment of pension assets to the reported present value of the accumulated plan benefits motivates the switch in actuarial cost methods and controls for the effect of differing interest rates in the computation of the accumulated plan benefits. The hypotheses are tested by comparing switch firms to industry-matched nonswitch firms and using proxy measures to operationalize the theoretical concepts. The comparisons are performed in the year prior to the switch, the year of the switch, and the year following the switch by relying on multivariate logit models. The primary advantage of logit models is the presence of consistent coefficient estimates whenever choice-based sampling is involved. Univariate matched-pairs t-tests and Wilcoxon sign-rank tests are also performed in the year of the switch. The empirical findings suggest that financial statement considerations and reduction in pension funding appear to be the primary reasons associated with the switch in actuarial cost methods. The reduction in pension funding is first accomplished by the use of higher interest rates, which decrease pension liabilities, and then by the switch into a benefit-allocation method, which provides an additional decrease in the pension liabilities. The last step is used if firms have limited freedom to make further increases in interest rates as unreasonably high interest rates are not permissible under ERISA. Empirical evidence based on multivariate logit models reveals a lower current assets to current liabilities ratio, a slower rate of investing into new projects, and a higher long-term debt to total tangible assets ratio for switch firms in comparison to their nonswitch counterparts for the year of the switch. To the extent that these relationships reflect a higher probability of technical default for switch firms, the findings are consistent with both the pension funding literature (Francis and Reiter 1987) and the accounting method choice literature (Holthausen and Leftwich 1983). In addition, this study points out the importance of an interactive effect between working capital ratio and rate of undertaking new investments in that increasing levels of working capital are needed to sustain higher rates of new investments.\n      </p>", "The current paper reports on a descriptive study involving a survey of accounting educators. Survey respondents were asked to rate the extent to which certain behaviors are deemed acceptable or unacceptable. The survey identified \"hypernorms\" (norms reflecting a high degree of consensus of what is acceptable or unacceptable behavior). These hypernorms were used to develop example ethical standards that can be used by a professional or academic association of accountants to develop a code of ethics for accounting educators.\n      </p>", "We study the role of borrower accounting quality in debt contracting. Specifically, we examine how accounting quality affects the borrower's choice of private versus public debt market and how the design of debt contracts vary with accounting quality in the two markets. We find that accounting quality affects the choice of the market, with poorer accounting quality borrowers preferring private debt, i.e., bank loans. This is consistent with banks possessing superior information access and processing abilities that reduce adverse selection costs for borrowers. We also find that accounting quality has an economically significant but differential impact on contract design in the two markets consistent with differences in recontracting flexibility across the two markets. In the case of private debt, since there is greater recontracting flexibility, both the price (i.e., interest) and non-price (i.e., maturity and collateral) terms are significantly more stringent for poorer accounting quality borrowers, unlike public debt where only the price terms are more stringent. The impact of accounting quality on interest spreads of public debt is 2.5 times that of the private debt, since the price terms alone reflect the variation in accounting quality.\n      </p>", "Prior studies of stock dividends and stock splits have failed to provide valid tests of earnings signaling because they incorrectly assume that \"stock splits\" do not restrict future cash dividends. Unlike previous studies, which also incorrectly assume that cash dividends are limited only to the amount of retained earnings, we present a study based on actual accounting treatment and appropriate statutory definitions of distributable equity. We find that more positive information is signaled if the stock distribution accounting choice reduces distributable equity.\n      </p>", "The recognition of economic events in accounting earnings tends to lag that of the market. An informed market recognizes the effects of economic events when they occur, but earnings recognition must await compliance with formal accounting recognition criteria. The application of these criteria involves such basic concepts as reliability, objectivity, conservatism, and verifiability, and affects earnings in two ways: (1) current earnings will include recognition of certain prior periods' economic events, and (2) current earnings does not recognize all of the current period's economic events until future periods (see also Easton et al. 1992). Economic events for which accounting recognition tends to lag market recognition include purchase and sale commitments, contingencies, post-employment employee obligations, investments in human capital, and variations in the market values of assets and liabilities. The purpose of this article is to investigate accounting recognition as a major determinant of earnings' explanatory power for returns. Our hypotheses are threefold. First, if accounting recognition lags that of the market, then its effect is predictably greater in shorter reporting periods. The shorter the reporting period, the lower the percentage of economic events recognized in both earnings and returns. For example, if all economic events that are immediately recognized in returns are recognized in earnings one quarter hence, then the current quarterly earnings' explanatory power would be zero, whereas annual earnings would reflect the recognition of three-fourths of all the economic events recognized in returns. Second, if the criteria for accounting recognition yield a multiperiod lag in earnings recognition of economic phenomena, then future periods' earnings possess explanatory power for current returns. A corollary hypothesis predicts that the incremental explanatory power of future periods' earnings varies inversely with the length of the reporting period. Third, if the influence of accounting recognition criteria for earnings measurement differs by companies' economic circumstances, then cross-sectional differences in these circumstances are predictably linked with earnings' explanatory power for returns. Economic circumstances that affect earnings recognition include companies' operating cycles, riskiness of cash flows, and the reliability, objectivity, availability, and verifiability of accounting and market data. We document evidence consistent with a substantial lag in earnings recognition. Findings reveal an inverse relation between earnings' explanatory power for returns and the length of the reporting period, which is consistent with a lag in earnings recognition that deteriorates in longer reporting periods. Specifically, the explanatory power of earnings for returns in quarterly periods is about one-fourth that for semiannual periods, less than one-tenth that for annual periods, and less than one-thirtieth that for two-year periods. Moreover, the explanatory power of the regression (adjusted R2 when using quarterly earnings is less than 1 percent, but exceeds 39 percent when using four-year earnings and returns. We attribute this phenomenon to accounting criteria that recognize economic events with a lag and to the disaggregation of earnings (through time), which accentuates this lag. Easton et al. (1992) offer some evidence consistent with the first hypothesis, but their evidence is limited to reporting periods of one to ten years in length. This is the first evidence we are aware of for reporting periods of less than one year. We also present evidence that earnings lag current returns for several future periods. In certain instances, the recognition lag is of such magnitude that the explanatory power of future periods' earnings for current returns more than triples that of current earnings. For example, with quarterly reporting periods, the inclusion of future periods' quarterly earnings increases the adjusted R2 of the returns-earnings relation by more than 400 percent. This evidence is consistent with a substantial lag in accounting recognition of economic events that spans a number of reporting periods. To the extent that accounting regulatory agencies want earnings to reflect current changes in the market values of companies, this evidence implies significant potential for enhancing earnings' usefulness. Finally, we show that, when earnings measurements are less sensitive to accounting recognition criteria, earnings have greater explanatory power for returns. For example, with biennial reporting periods, current earnings' explanatory power for current returns exceeds 50 percent for companies whose earnings measurements are less sensitive to accounting recognition criteria, but is less than 20 percent for companies more sensitive to these criteria. This result is consistent with a joint relation between (1) the application of accounting principles in practice and (2) the explanatory power of earnings for returns. Evidence of systematic cross-sectional differences in accounting recognition suggests that deliberations on accounting policy must consider characteristics of the reporting and operating environments; for example, the desire for verification, reliability, or conservatism might explain the accounting practices observed. The evidence reported emphasizes the significant role that accounting recognition plays in determining earnings' explanatory power for returns. The evidence also relates the lag in accounting recognition of economic events to cross-sectional differences in fundamental economic determinants of earnings recognition. This evidence of a link between earnings' explanatory power and basic concepts of accounting recognition and measurement should encourage further efforts at mapping the complex accounting structure that determines the usefulness of earnings. In light of the Securities and Exchange Commission's recent emphasis on market-based measures of performance, which is referred to as \"possibly the most significant initiative in accounting principles development in over 50 years\" (Wyatt 1991, 80), our results highlight the potential for substantial improvement in earnings' explanatory power. Evidence on the reporting lag inherent in the application of accounting recognition criteria, and its cross-sectional determinants, is relevant for these policy deliberations.\n      </p>", "Inventory accounting rules may have a purchase (production) repercussion on the firm that affects stockholders' wealth, because managers, paid by an accounting income-based contract, can potentially distort the operation while maximizing their payoffs. Stockholders, by directly or indirectly dictating the accounting policy choice, can use accounting rules to implement their preferences and control the managers. Analysis of such a scenario indicates that the stockholders' preferences towards accounting rules are driven primarily by three factors, the tax rate, the acquisition price, and the rate of real holding gain. With no taxes, and absent inflation, FIFO (first in, first out) implements the first-best decision rule. When taxes are present, the preferences of owners and managers diverge, which may lead to operating distortions. An optimal accounting policy choice decision must consider this distortion (the incentive effect) as well as the tax gain possible with LIFO (last in, first out). Further analysis shows that FIFO may still be preferred over LIFO under certain conditions because an incentive effect may exceed an \"obvious\" tax advantage with LIFO. Abdel-khalik (1985) has provided empirical evidence suggesting that there are incentives for corporate executives to stay on FIFO despite the apparent LIFO tax advantages possibly because their incentives are income-based. Larcker (1983) provides independent evidence that often management compensation contracts are indeed based on accounting income. Thus, when incentive considerations are present, the cash flow effects as shown by Sunder (1976) may not be obvious, and our analysis questions the conventional wisdom that firms tend to switch to LIFO at the time of rising prices. Although the effect of LIFO versus FIFO accounting rule on firm cash flow is well-known, many firms continue to follow FIFO in spite of tax advantages with LIFO. Granof and Short (1984) reported that more than 30 percent of firms in their non-LIFO sample rejected LIFO because of \"excessive cost\" or \"other adverse consequences.\" We argue that investors choose an inventory accounting method to optimize the trade-off between incentive effect and tax gain, and align the managers' interests as much as possible with those of the stockholders.\n      </p>", "On 1 January 2005, all stock exchange listed companies in the European Union (EU) began using International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) written by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). This article argues that the IASB's introduction of fair value accounting reflects and reinforces changed relations of production in which the financial sector increasingly dominates the productive sector, nationally institutionalized economic systems are undermined, and new forms of economic appropriation are validated. As a private body, the IASB has been able to rapidly introduce the fair value paradigm with little public debate outside specialized financial circles. In contrast to more functionalist views, this article argues that accounting standards are inherently political. Accounting numbers provide some of the key economic anchors around which social relations are structured. Accounting techniques cannot be reduced to questions of efficiency since they set out to quantify and compare things which, by their very nature, are neither quantifiable nor directly comparable.\n      </p>", "When a firm practices conservative accounting, changes in the amount of its investments can affect the quality of its earnings. Growth in investment reduces reported earnings and creates reserves. Reducing investment releases those reserves, increasing earnings. If the change in investment is temporary, then current earnings is temporarily depressed or inflated, and thus is not a good indicator of future earnings. This study develops diagnostic measures of this joint effect of investment and conservative accounting. We find that these measures forecast differences in future return on net operating assets relative to current return on net operating assets. Moreover, these measures also forecast stock returns-indicating that investors do not appreciate how conservatism and changes in investment combine to raise questions about the quality of reported earnings.\n      </p>", "The aim of this paper is to conduct an in-depth study on environmental management systems developed in the ceramic tiles sector. This study is conceived as an improvement on a previous survey related to an environmental diagnosis of the ceramic tiles sector where some incongruities between environmental explicit speeches and environmental actions were detected. Such incongruities revealed that firms assumed to be highly environmental committed while from facts this commitment was not so high proved. So, it was necessary to introduce case study research methodology to clarify and to understand the reasons of these inconsistencies. The main objectives of our case study research are two. The first one consists in determining the relationship between firms and environment, analysing environmental positions in companies assumed in their environmental strategy and their environmental behaviour reflected in facts, while the second one attempts to establish the role played by the accounting information system in the environmental management systems of the companies in the sector. Our case study research reveals the elaboration of a larger amount of environmental accounting information for internal use than for external one. This fact is due not only to the inexistence of regulations about environmental disclosures in Spain, at that time, but also to the importance of environmental internal accounting information for management which supports the prevalence of decision-usefulness theory in the implementation of environmental management systems.\n      </p>", "Recently within the critical accounting literature Funnell (1998) has argued that accounting was implicated in the Holocaust. This charge is primarily related to the technical, mathematical nature of accounting and its ability to dehumanise individuals. Broadbent (1998, see also DeMoss and McCann, 1997) has also contended that \"accounting logic\" excludes emotion. She suggests that a more emancipatory form of accounting could be possible if emotion were given a voice and allowed to be heard within accounting discourse (see also Kjonstad and Wilmott, 1995). This paper contends that emotion should be introduced into accounting education and in particular emotional commitment to other individuals should be encouraged. It is suggested that one way to do this may be through business ethics education. It is also suggested that increasing ethical commitment to other individuals may go some way towards combating the tendency for accountancy to dehumanise other people. While there have been specific studies of ethics and accounting education there has, as yet, been little open debate about what the objectives of accounting ethics education should be or the specific techniques that could be used to meet the desired aims. This paper contends that accountancy has become dangerously dehumanised and that one of the most important objectives for any business ethics education must be to develop an empathy with \"the other\". The paper studies the developments within the medical, legal and engineering profession in order to suggest some specific methods which could be employed in order to rehumanise accountancy and develop a sense of moral commitment towards other individuals.\n      </p>", "Conventional accounting measures wealth W (assets and liabilities) and accounts for its net change, W(t + 1) - W(t), by means of income \u0394W(t), classified into various revenue and expense items. Proposed \"momentum accounting\" measures income momentum \u1e86 = dW/dt (time rate at which income is being earned at a given point in time) and accounts for its net change, \u1e86(t + 1) - \u1e86(t), by means of impulses \u0394\u1e86(t). Here the impulses, a term borrowed from the momentum-impulse principle in mechanics, are classified into various factors, internal or external to the enterprise, that contributed to the momentum change. If conventional accounting is viewed as focusing on an odometer of a car, momentum accounting is analogous to focusing on its speedometer and attributing the change in its reading to impulses that are judged to be responsible for the change. This paper proposes impulse-based managerial goals as a substitute for currently popular income-based managerial goals, discussing problems associated with the latter that highlights short-term income achievements and that tends to reward management for the momentum created by their predecessors as it is realized as income by the mere passage of time.\n      </p>", "Accounting educators are in the midst of creating new opportunities for students to enhance their abilities to recognize ethical dilemmas, establish criteria by which to make ethical decisions, and establish support mechanisms and strategies to facilitate their ethical decision-making. CPA firms, professional organizations and state boards of accountancy are co-operating to increase requirements for ethics education for candidates taking the CPA exam. The current situation is confusing and sub-optimal regarding the use of precious learning time in college programs. A new dialogue between the three stakeholders, creative learning approaches, and additional resources can lead to a more consistent and optimal learning paradigm regarding the ethics education of accountants. Research evaluating the effectiveness of various approaches is needed to effectively apply limited resources in an area critical to the reputation capital of the accounting profession.\n      </p>", "This paper shows how accounting income smoothing could arise as rational equilibrium behavior. I develop a two-period agency model in which an agent obtains, after the first period's production operation, private information regarding future productivity of the operation. Direct communication of the agent's private signal yields a strict Pareto improvement over no-communication in this two-period world since it allows the agent to achieve signal-contingent interperiod consumption smoothing. Delegation of accounting method choice to the agent is shown to be an alternative, Pareto-equivalent mechanism to direct communication in this paper. Thus, accounting method choice is one way to achieve interperiod signal-contingent consumption smoothing by smoothing accounting income. One such accounting choice which arises from the structure of the problem is the choice of depreciation method.\n      </p>", "A lower bound on the total error in an accounting population is required, in conjunction with the point estimate of the total error amount and the upper bound, when adjusting an account to determine the amount of the adjustment. This paper extends the multinomial methodology for obtaining an upper bound on the total overstatement (or understatement) error in an accounting population to the determination of a lower bound on the total overstatement (or understatement) error. The methodology for obtaining a lower multinomial bound differs in several important respects from that for obtaining an upper bound. The proposed lower bound may be computed for up to 25 errors in the sample and provides tighter limits than the widely used Stringer bound.\n      </p>", "This study investigates the direct effects of corporate diversification on accounting reports, and the implications of these effects for accounting research. The study shows that firms which diversify into unrelated areas of business devote a larger proportion of their capital investments to acquisitions and are, therefore, characterized by smaller differences between replacement-cost and historical-cost values of assets than undiversified firms. The implications of these findings, as well as other operating characteristics of diversified firms, for the following areas of accounting research are subsequently examined. (1) Inflation-adjusted data. Inflation-adjusted data of diversified firms have less incremental information content (beyond historical-cost) than those of undiversified firms. (2) Earnings Response Coefficients. Diversified firms have stronger market associations with earnings changes, and their earnings are more persistent. (3) Selection of accounting methods. Diversified firms select, ceteris paribus, more liberal accounting methods than their undiversified counterparts.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the usual claim that tighter accounting standards reduce earnings management and provide more relevant information to the capital market. We distinguish between accounting and real earnings management and assume that a standard setter can only influence accounting earnings management by the tightness of standards. In a rational expectations equilibrium model, we find that earnings quality increases with tighter standards, but we identify several consequences that may outweigh this benefit. First, managers increase costly real earnings management because the higher earnings quality increases the marginal benefit of real earnings management. Second, tighter standards can increase rather than decrease expected accounting and total earnings management. Third, the expected total costs of earnings management can also increase. We provide conditions for the occurrence of each of these effects.\n      </p>", "We investigated associations between moral reasoning and epistemological beliefs in an accounting context using the sample of 140 senior accounting students from a public university in Midwestern U. S. We found no significant correlations between accounting students' principled reasoning about Thome's ethical dilemmas and their beliefs about knowledge measured by administering Schommer epistemological questionnaire. We conducted post-hoc power analysis and present the evidence that the lack of associations should not be attributed to the lack of power. Overall, our results suggest that reflective thinking and moral reasoning represent separate dimensions of cognitive process which develop at a different pace. Thus, a stand-alone course of ethics in accounting education is warranted since higher moral reasoning does not automatically follow from extended technical education and improved critical thinking skills.\n      </p>", "Ethics in accounting and ethical education have seen an increase in interest in the last decade. However, despite the renewed interest some important shortcomings persist. Generally, rules, principles, values and virtues are presented in a fragmented fashion. In addition, only a few authors consider the role of the accountant's character in presenting relevant and truthful information in financial reporting and the importance of practical reasoning in accounting. This article holds that rules, values and virtues are inter-connected. This provides a sound approach to ethics in accounting, in which character and practical reasoning are crucial. Consequently, ethical education in accounting has to simultaneously include the knowledge of proper rules and principles and their correct application; values (understood as moral goods) and virtues, whose acquisition, in the view of the author, should be encouraged.\n      </p>", "Following Arrow et al. (2003), this paper considers green national accounting when population is changing and instantaneous well-being depends both on per capita consumption and population size. Welfare improvement is shown to be indicated by an expanded \"genuine savings indicator\", taking into account the value of population growth, or by an expanded measure of real NNP growth. Under CRS, the measures can be related to the value of per capita stock changes and per capita NNP growth, using a result due to Arrow et al. (2003). The results are compared to those arising when instantaneous well-being depends only on per capita consumption.\n      </p>", "This paper addresses the question of how accounting educators can \"make\" accounting historians or, more precisely, how educators can assist in fostering the development of historically aware accounting academics and practitioners. Various approaches to accounting history education are outlined, situated within the context of efforts to boost the membership of the community of accounting history scholars, redress deficiencies in accounting education, and engender the development of competent and broadly educated practicing professionals. The contributions and benefits of incorporating accounting history into accounting programs are overviewed, including an outline of past and contemporary examples of applications of accounting history in educational practice. A case study of the design and modeling of a graduate course in accounting history is then discussed and is offered as a prototype for use or adaptation by accounting educators interested in harnessing the potential of studies in accounting history to improve student learning experiences and learning outcomes.\n      </p>", "Due process is the means by which ethical constraints are placed on administrative decision-making. I have developed a model of variation in due process and use this model to explore the implementation of \"due process\" norms by three standard-setting bodies that are created, funded, and overseen by the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants - the Accounting Standards Board, the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board, and the Public Sector Accounting Standards Board. I conducted two analyses: a comparative analysis of the implementation of due process norms based on differences among the three cases; and, a critique of the due process norms followed by these boards based on their internal logic and a set of best practices identified in other contexts for due process by standard setters. I have presented evidence that due process norms are more fully developed, where standards are enforced by the state and the heterogeneity of users is greatest.\n      </p>", "Electronic data interchange (EDI) is an information technology that standardizes the exchange of information between transacting parties. Using data from a major U.S. office furniture manufacturer that adopted EDI primarily to improve the efficiency of accounting transactions, we evaluate whether EDI reduces order-processing time (the time from sales order receipt to sales order scheduling) and whether this improvement is greater for more complex orders. Our measure of complexity reflects both the mix of different products the dealer orders as well as features and options the dealer selects for each product in the order. We find that EDI is associated with faster order processing, independent of complexity, and that EDI mitigates most of the negative effects of complexity on processing time. We also find that dealers learn to submit error-free orders to the manufacturer, and that previous errors provide feedback that helps dealers submit more accurate orders. However, we find only mixed evidence that order complexity impedes learning.\n      </p>", "If individuals have to evaluate a sequence of lotteries, their judgment is influenced by the presentation mode. Experimental studies have found significantly higher acceptance rates for a sequence of lotteries if the overall distribution was displayed instead of the set of lotteries itself. Mental accounting and loss aversion provide an easy and intuitive explanation for this phenomenon. In this paper we offer an explanation that incorporates further evaluation concepts of Prospect Theory. Our formal analysis of the difference in aggregated and segregated portfolio evaluation demonstrates that the higher attractiveness of the aggregated presentation mode is not a general phenomenon (as suggested in the literature) but depends on specific parameters of the lotteries. The theoretical findings are supported by an experimental study. In contrast to the existing evidence and in line with our theoretical results, we find for specific types of lotteries an even lower acceptance rate if the overall distribution is displayed.\n      </p>", "This study provides evidence of the effect of goodwill amortization on the usefulness of earnings data as an indicator of share value for a large sample of publicly traded companies over the 1993-98 period. This issue is of special interest because the Financial Accounting Standards Board recently adopted new accounting standards that eliminate the systematic amortization of goodwill in favor of a requirement to review goodwill for impairment when circumstances warrant. We found that earnings before goodwill amortization explain significantly more of the observed distribution of share prices than earnings after goodwill amortization and that when share valuations are based on earnings alone, goodwill amortization simply adds noise to the measure. These results suggest that eliminating goodwill amortization from the computation of net income will not reduce its usefulness to investors and analysts as a summary indicator of share value.\n      </p>", "A framework is developed for analyzing national income accounting using a revealed welfare approach that is sufficiently general to cover, both the standard discounted utilitarian and maximin criteria as special cases. We show that the basic welfare properties of comprehensive national income accounting, previously ascribed only to the discounted utilitarian case, extend to this more general framework. In particular, under a wider range of circumstances, it holds that real NNP growth (or, equivalently, a positive value of net investments) indicates welfare improvement. We illustrate the applicability of our approach in the Dasgupta-Heal-Solow model of capital accumulation and resource depletion.\n      </p>", "In many firms investment in people is becoming more important than investment in plant. Although investment in workers (e.g., through training) and in customers (e.g., through advertising and customer service) often has a long-term impact on a firm's earning power, outlays for these purposes are treated as current expenses under conventional accounting practice. Where the investment in people is important, conventional practice can distort true earnings and conceal important changes in the firm. The remedy is recognition of the firm's human assets in the books of account.\n      </p>", "This study provides additional evidence on factors influencing inventory accounting policy choice. Following Lee and Hsieh (1985), Dopuch and Pincus (1988), and Lindahl (1989), we compare long-time FIFO users with long-time LIFO users to test variables that might be expected to influence inventory method choice. This study incorporates a tax savings variable in evaluating the LIFO/FIFO choice. We also survey financial executives to corroborate the results of secondary data analyses and to seek new insights about inventory method choice. The findings suggest that: (1) anticipated tax savings is the primary reason firms use LIFO and (2) other firms do not use LIFO because of numerous factors without a single dominant reason. Most of these factors diminish the potential tax savings from LIFO. They include LIFO layer liquidations, LIFO bookkeeping costs, declining production costs, and contradictory tax and financial reporting rules on accounting for inventory obsolescence. However, other factors include effects on debt covenants, concern about the complexity of LIFO, and the requirements of FIFO for government contracts. Two unexpected findings emerged. First, the multivariate model is quite accurate in predicting FIFO firms, but predicts less then half of those using LIFO. Second, the correspondence between the responses to the FIFO survey and the cross-sectional data is not as strong as might be expected, which suggests that determinants of inventory choice continue to be elusive.\n      </p>", "The International Federation of Accountants (IFAC) has recently issued a revised \"Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants\" (IFAC Code). As a requirement for membership in IFAC, a national accounting organization must either adopt the IFAC Code or adopt a code of conduct that is not \"less stringent\" than the IFAC Code. In this paper, we examine the extent to which 158 national accounting organizations have adopted the revised IFAC Code as their own. Our results indicate that 80 of our sample organizations have adopted the IFAC Code (sometimes with minor modifications), while the remaining 78 opted not to utilize the model IFAC Code. We then test the hypothesis that national accounting organizations in lower income economies would be less likely to adopt the IFAC Code than those in high income economies. Our results do not support the hypothesis. We argue that one potential reason for such a finding is that adopting the IFAC Code may be a cost effective means of adopting a code of ethics for organizations in lower income economies.\n      </p>", "Previous research has demonstrated that information asymmetry translates into higher transaction costs for trading shares of the firm which, in turn, raise the required rate of return and lower current stock price. The information asymmetry perspective suggests that, ceteris paribus, managers wishing to maximize the value of their firms have incentives to reduce the degree of information asymmetry by switching to newly available accounting techniques which make financial statements more informative to investors. Firms with greater information asymmetry are predicted to be more likely to switch to more informative accounting methods when they become available. Tests on the choice of functional currency among U.S. multinational firms support these predictions after controlling for variables such as the debt-equity ratio, interest coverage, size, and the relative size of the foreign currency adjustment in the financial statement.\n      </p>", "This study finds that, for a sample of 335 open-market repurchase announcements during 1978 to 1992, the market reaction to the announcement is significantly associated with the firm's sales growth and accounting profitability in prior periods. This result holds after controlling for two known correlates of the market response, the announced fraction to be repurchased and prior returns. This result is consistent with the market reinterpreting previously released accounting information when interpreting a subsequent repurchase announcement by the firm. Further, the association between the market response and prior accounting information is more pronounced for firms that are smaller in size or have fewer analysts following them. This suggests that the degree of reinterpretation of prior accounting information at the time of the repurchase announcement increases in the information asymmetry between managers and investors.\n      </p>", "Economic theory stresses that opportunity costs are relevant to resource allocation decisions, while prior empirical accounting research finds that decision makers tend to ignore or underweight opportunity cost information. This study examines whether accounting knowledge is associated with a decision maker's tendency to ignore opportunity costs in business decisions. The experiment's results indicate that the number of opportunity costs ignored by subjects in a business resource allocation decision is greater for subjects with high-accounting knowledge than for subjects with low-accounting knowledge. The experiment also indicates that subjects with high-accounting knowledge ignore a greater number of opportunity costs when the decision is posed in a business context than when it is posed in a personal context.\n      </p>", "Raymond J. Chambers was an internationally recognized scholar, influential theorist, as well as an important contributor to the study of the history of accounting thought. He was an advocate of the needs of financial statement users. He investigated what users, not accountants, considered important and what in fact was relevant to their decision-making. He challenged existing theoretical propositions which he believed were only rationalization of current practices. He argued that the lack of a rigorously developed theory of accounting led to contradictory and less relevant accounting practices. In his theory of continuously contemporary accounting (CoCoA), he demonstrated with logic and evidence that only an accounting system based on market selling prices is relevant to users' evaluation and decision-making process. Chambers dedicated a significant amount of his most recent work to his Thesaurus [1995] and to the origins and developments of conventional accounting. He endeavored to refute the widely held assumption that cost-based accounting is a superior rule. Besides launching Abacus in 1965, his works, Accounting, Evaluation and Economic Behavior [1966] and An Accounting Thesaurus [1995] are among Chambers' notable contributions to the accounting literature.\n      </p>", "In previous implementation studies, the relationships between influence factors and information systems (IS) performance under the level of IS evolution were not empirically examined. The studies did not consider the evolution level of IS in examining influence factors of IS performance. They have tried to identify critical influence factors without considering the state of the IS and the IS department, that is, the levels of IS evolution. The objectives of this study are to examine the direct relationships between influence factors and performance of accounting information systems (AIS), and to identify the moderating effect of evolution level of IS on the relationships. In this study, the direct relationships and the moderating effect of evolution level of IS were hypothesized. The results of the empirical test suggested that there are significant positive correlations between the performance of an AIS and the influence factors such as user involvement, capability of IS personnel and organization size. It was also proved that the relationships between performance of AIS and influence factors are significantly influenced by the evolution level of IS. Hence, for the success of AIS, each influence factor should be considered differently in the degree of importance according to the level of IS evolution.\n      </p>", "A new model of consumer behavior is developed using a hybrid of cognitive psychology and microeconomics. The development of the model starts with the mental coding of combinations of gains and losses using the prospect theory value function. Then the evaluation of purchases is modeled using the new concept of \" transaction utility\" The household budgeting process is also incorporated to complete the characterization of mental accounting. Several implications to marketing, particularly in the area of pricing, are developed.\n      </p>", "This article documents the response of cooperative institutions that were required to adhere to new capital adequacy regulations traditionally geared for profit-maximising organisations. Using data from the Australian credit union industry, we demonstrate that the cooperative philosophy and internal corporate governance structure of cooperatives will lead management to increase capital adequacy ratios through the application of accounting window dressing techniques. This is opposite to the intended purpose of template regulation aimed at efficiently increasing operating margins and lowering risk. Our results raise several debatable issues regarding the ethics of accounting management and the imposition of one-shoe-fits-all external regulation.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to gain a better understanding of the impact of moral issues on the moral decision-making process within the field of accounting. In particular, the study examined differences in the perceptions of the underlying characteristics of moral issues on the specific steps of the moral decision-making process of four different accounting situations. The research results suggested that student's perception of the components of moral intensity as well as the various stages of the moral decision-making process was influenced by the type and intensity of the moral issue. In general, accounting student's perceptions of the importance of these variables varied between less unethical and more unethical accounting issues. The differences in perceptions of four moral intensity components: magnitude of consequences, concentration of effect, probability of effect and proximity stood out more in the accounting issues analyzed. The findings presented in this research extend the existing understanding about the importance of the components of moral intensity in the ethical decision-making process of accounting processionals. The results can be integrated into revised or newly adopted company codes of ethics to comply with the requirements of the newly enacted Sarbones-Oxley Act of 2002. They can also be used to enhance ethics coursework and training programs in educational settings and industry.\n      </p>", "Management has the opportunity to promote self-serving accounting practices, such as earnings management, when management can effectively avoid oversight by the audit committee. This article investigates the effects of financial knowledge and dispositional trust on the ability of audit committee members to recognize management attempts to avoid full disclosure to the board and potentially deceive board members. The results of a controlled laboratory experiment with 40 experienced audit committee member participants indicate that: (1) Audit committee members with less financial knowledge are more likely to accept insufficient client explanations for accounting judgments than are more knowledgeable audit committee members; (2) Audit committee members with less financial knowledge are more likely to reject sufficient client explanations for accounting judgments than are more knowledgeable audit committee members; and (3) Audit committee members that place higher levels of trust in others are more likely to accept insufficient client explanations for accounting judgments than are less trusting committee members.\n      </p>", "This article analyzes how the recent call for accounting in health care interferes with daily care practice and raises the question of how accounting practices relate to the aim of good care. The most influential accounting methods in the Netherlands suggest ways for professionals to legitimize their activities. The analysis of washing patients in long-term mental health care shows that different styles of accounting evaluate and legitimize care while structuring notions of what good care is. A specific style of accounting enforces certain values but does not tell about the tragic or unexpected effects that come with it, nor does it provide a repertoire to deal with these. Thus, care practices incorporating specific styles of accounting remain dependent on forms of care that are not accountable or ask for new forms of reflexivity.\n      </p>"], "words": {"essay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "four": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cooperative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "welfare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adjustment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revealed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reasoning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turn,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presentation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "federation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "induce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choice": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "microeconomics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "affect": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "emphasized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enhance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "configurations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upper": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "educators": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "direct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "investment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conduct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "firms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "method": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "full": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simultaneously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "losses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prior": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "amount": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "survey": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "total": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "establish": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "crisis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manipulate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conventional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wealth": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "adequacy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "call": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "criteria": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "type": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "curriculum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "account": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "practicing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "can": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "following": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "strategies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "share": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sample": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "arise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interferes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "provide": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "how": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "earnings": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "influences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stock": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influenced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lag": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expenditures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hazard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "data": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 30, "prob": 0.00024843794641193494}, "purchase": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "opportunity": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "hand,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "over": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "years": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "argued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organisation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "auditors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "good": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "return": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "descriptive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sufficiently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mode": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arrow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constraints": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financial": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contracting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychology": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "factors": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "profit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "research": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sloan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foundation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mechanisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standard": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sfas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rule": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "could": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "w": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facilitate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "electronic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "twenty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "relationship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "signaling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "and": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "have": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditionally": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "self": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "build": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "adjusting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experienced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "measures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accountants": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extending": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shareholder": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 68, "prob": 0.0005631260118670525}, "takes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consumer": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "find": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indicator": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implementation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "failed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equilibrium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "means": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capital": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conjunction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "declines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intensity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "usefulness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "midst": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behind": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "drawn": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parallels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dividends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "actuarial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "debt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "streams": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "traded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "finds": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "otherwise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "point": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "universities,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "due": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "strategy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "publicly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "error": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "perspective,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examines": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "diversification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 31, "prob": 0.0002567192112923328}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epistemological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inventory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "struggling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "events": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allocation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "judgment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lower": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "transaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discounted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "position": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "corporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "usual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "valid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adoption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "administrative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rules": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "required,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "cognitive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ignore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moral": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "italian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sequence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "economic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "recognition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "decision": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "conservative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "provides": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "notable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "raise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "of": {"number": 59, "prob": 0.000488594627943472}, "costs": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "teaching,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statements": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "profession": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bound": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appropriate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "utility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "additional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "smoothing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influencing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "accountancy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "form": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "becoming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "promote": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valuation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "j": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "placed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beliefs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "al": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "et": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accounting": {"number": 35, "prob": 0.0002898442708139241}, "education": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "as": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "no": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hybrid": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "income": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "regulations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cover,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "assume": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "required": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "daily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}}}