{"total_words": 1443, "documents": ["To increase the sales of their products through advertising, firms must integrate their brand-advertising strategy for capturing market share from competitors and their generic-advertising strategy for increasing primary demand for the category. This paper examines whether, when, and how much brand advertising versus generic advertising should be done. Using differential game theory, optimal advertising decisions are obtained for a dynamic duopoly with symmetric or asymmetric competitors. We show how advertising depends on the cost and effectiveness of each type of advertising for each firm, the allocation of market expansion benefits, and the profit margins determined endogenously from price competition. We find that generic advertising is proportionally more important in the short term and that there are free-riding effects leading to suboptimal industry expenditure on generic advertising that worsen as firms become more symmetric. Due to free-riding by the weaker firm, its instantaneous profit and market share can actually be higher. The effectiveness of generic advertising and the allocation of its benefits, however, have little effect on the long-run market shares, which are determined by brand-advertising effectiveness. Extensions of the model show that market potential saturation leads to a decline in generic advertising over time.\n      </p>", "A time-varying parameter model of fluid milk and cheese demand reveals that changes in age composition, race composition, and food spending patterns away from home were most important to changes in generic advertising response over time. Advertising response elasticities indicate that generic advertising could be enhanced by targeting young children households for fluid milk, and Asian/Hispanic households for cheese. Results also indicate that shifting targeted advertising efforts to the away-from-home market may increase generic cheese advertising response.\n      </p>", "We construct a multistage game-theoretic model of advertising and price competition in a differentiated products duopoly, in which proportions of consumers exhibit latent inertia in favor of repeat purchase. Advertising simultaneously plays the dual role in reducing such inertia through awareness and enhancing perceived brand value (persuasion). We derive the advertising price cross-effects and provide a theoretical reconciliation of the longstanding debate in the marketing literature regarding the impact of advertising on price sensitivity. We characterize the nature of equilibria under symmetry and show that when a large proportion of consumers exhibit inertial tendencies, then a multiplicity of equilibria exists. Marketing implications and comparative statics are discussed. Numerical simulations for asymmetric firms are presented, wherein we show that advertising is not a useful competitive tool for small firms. However, advertising spending by the large firm provides a halo effect for the average prices in the category, which has a positive externality on the small firm's profits. In the absence of the small brand advertising, larger brand shares encourage firms to allocate higher expenditures on advertising to enhance the perceived value of their brand, which in turn shore up the average prices in the industry from which all firms benefit.\n      </p>", "The abundance of highly disaggregate data (e.g., at five-second intervals) raises the question of the optimal data interval to estimate advertising carryover. The literature assumes that (1) the optimal data interval is the interpurchase time, (2) too disaggregate data causes a disaggregation bias, and (3) recovery of true parameters requires assumption of the underlying advertising process. In contrast, we show that (1) the optimal data interval is what we call unit exposure time, (2) too disaggregate data does not cause any disaggregation bias, and (3) recovery of true parameters does not require assumption of the advertising process but only data at the unit exposure time. These results hold for any linear dynamic model linking sales with current and past advertising.\n      </p>", "Where alcohol industry self-regulation is the primary protection against youth exposure to alcohol advertising, independent, systematic monitoring of youth exposure can promote public awareness of and greater accountability in the industry's practices. Using commercially available databases, the Center on Alcohol Marketing and Youth has combined occurrence and audience data to calculate youth (aged 12-20 years) and adult (above the United States legal drinking age of 21 years) exposure to alcohol advertising on television and radio, in magazines and on the Internet. This research in the United States shows that alcohol companies have placed significant amounts of advertising where youth are more likely per capita to be exposed to it than adults. Further analyses by the Center have demonstrated that much of this excess exposure of youth to alcohol advertising in the United States could be eliminated if alcohol companies would adopt a threshold of 15% (roughly the proportion of 12-20-years-old in the population 12 and above) as the maximum youth audience composition for their advertising. Although adoption of such a threshold would still leave much youth exposure to alcohol marketing in such \"unmeasured\" activities as sponsorships, on-premise promotions and campus marketing, it would assist alcohol companies in reaching their intended audiences more efficiently while reducing overall youth exposure to their advertising.\n      </p>", "In today's business environment, the knowledge-based society, globalisation, and information and communication technologies (ICT) have increased the role of \"intangible\" values of assets and resources for all industries. As a result there is an increased role for knowledge intermediaries; one of these, advertising, plays an important role in affecting consumer choice and knowledge. Ethical issues which arise for traditional purveyors of intangibility - cultural industries such as art, music, or film, spread to advertising. Building on our perspective of the measurement of intangibles we propose a new categorisation of types of goods or services, and a framework for identifying some future ethical challenges in today's global knowledge based society.\n      </p>", "We examine the decision to advertise a homogenous good. We show that the likelihood of inefficiently low advertising rests heavily on how one models the mechanism by which advertising affects demand. Regardless of this mechanism, however, there is always a lower bound of concentration below which no advertising occurs even when welfare-enhancing. In such cases, mandatory programs will raise welfare if they induce entry, although producer surplus may decline. Our model also provides an explanation for the stylized fact that advertising intensity first rises and then falls as concentration increases.\n      </p>", "The problem of optimizing advertising across a broad product range, where significant cross elasticities are likely, is explored. A linear-in-logs model is proposed and allocation rules for budgeting across products and media are derived. The model is estimated for a large European variety store chain. The results suggest profits could be increased by nearly 40 percent with no change in the advertising budget, if management shifted from the conventional bottom-up approach to the more systematic method outlined. The final section describes how management implemented the model.\n      </p>", "Whether pulsing, other than chattering, can be optimal is an important concern to both advertising practitioners and marketing scientists. In this paper, we explicitly incorporate various types of costs to a one-state advertising model to analyze the effect of these costs on the optimal advertising policy. We prove that the interaction of fixed and pulsing costs does make pulsing optimal under a reasonable condition. This result not only identifies an important factor that leads to the optimality of pulsing, but also generalizes the finding obtained by Sasieni (1971).\n      </p>", "In contrast to other marketing activities, advertising is usually outsourced--historically, to an integrated full-service advertising agency that provides both creative and media services. Recently, major changes have occurred, specialized media shops have appeared, and large holding companies with several agencies and a separate media shop have emerged. This paper describes how firms in the current industry structure choose their agents. A theoretical section specifies the firm's decision process in obtaining the creative and media components. Conditions under which one or both could be effectively produced internally are identified. In the prevalent case when these components are outsourced, we evaluate whether they can be more efficiently produced by a bundled full-service agency or by unbundling to separate agents. An empirical section tests the theory implications with cross-sectional data on U.S. firm choices of advertising agents. The bundled full-service agency is still widely used. Firms with large advertising budgets unbundle to take advantage of media discounts obtained by market-making media shops. Internal agencies are used when firms have internal creative abilities, or have low-level requirements in both creative and media. The creative and media agencies within holding companies are found to act independently.\n      </p>", "We propose a numerical approach to compute stationary Markov perfect Nash equilibrium advertising strategies of the Lanchester model. The algorithm can be implemented using a standard mathematical package, and, importantly, it does not require that the players discount their future earnings at a zero rate, an assumption that has been made in the literature.\n      </p>", "We show that when a single media content distributor (such as a television cable company or an Internet provider) delivers advertising messages on behalf of multiple competing brands, it can sometimes utilize customized advertising to implement monopoly pricing. Even though such monopolistic pricing can be implemented with varying degrees of customization of commercials, product revenues and consumer surplus are highest when the distributor chooses the highest level of customization feasible. Consumers would, obviously, prefer aggressive price competition in product markets. However, given that collusion on prices is facilitated anyway, when the distributor acts as a common agent, the welfare of consumers is enhanced when commercials are better aligned with their preferences.\n      </p>", "The major American tobacco companies developed and agreed to abide by the Cigarette Advertising Code in 1964. The stated aims of the code were to prohibit advertising directed at young people, to prohibit advertising that used fraudulent health claims, and to assure compliance with the code's provisions through the establishment of an administrative arm and enforcement mechanism to prescreen and monitor all cigarette advertising. In the 32 years since the Cigarette Advertising Code's adoption, the tobacco industry has used the existence of this code and its revisions and promises of self-regulation in accordance with this code as evidence that it promotes tobacco use only in a responsible manner. The code has served as the basis of the industry's efforts to avoid further local, state, and federal regulatory oversight of its marketing activities. A historical review of cigarette advertising since 1964 indicates that the voluntary code's major provisions have been regularly violated in the spirit and the letter. The administrative and enforcement provisions of the original Cigarette Advertising Code were quietly dismantled soon after the voluntary code's adoption and were completely omitted from the revised code in 1990. The historical evidence indicates that self-regulation of cigarette advertising and promotion by the tobacco industry has been repeatedly given trials and has not worked.\n      </p>", "Given the uncertain legal status of generic advertising programs for agricultural commodities, alternative voluntary funding institutions are investigated that could provide a high level of benefits to producers. This experimental study simulates key economic and psychological factors that affect voluntary producer contributions to generic advertising. The results suggest that producer referenda play a critical role in increasing contributions and that producer surplus is maximized by a provision point mechanism instituted by producer referendum with thresholds ranging from 68% to 90%, and expected funding from 47% to 77% of the time, depending on the level of advertising effectiveness.\n      </p>", "Using data on 200 major U. S. advertisers, our empirical analysis examines the relationship between the degree of firm diversification and corporate advertising expenditures, while controlling for competing explanations. Data on corporate advertising expenditures are obtained from Leading National Advertisers (1989). Compustat line of business data and Hoover's Handbook are used to construct measures of firm diversification, and other firm/industry characteristics included as covariates in our empirical analysis to account for possible alternative explanations. Our results suggest that less diversified firms spend more on corporate advertising.\n      </p>", "Research in international advertising has often taken a dichotomized approach, as exemplified by the global standardization vs localization debate. It is assumed under the standardization approach that the globalization process will absorb different national cultures into a global commercial culture, such that standardized advertising should be preferred. The current research argues that the dichotomization approach may have oversimplified the way consumers read and interpret ad images. We postulate that consumers in a transitional economy apply a variety of reading approaches, including different cultural interpretive strategies and self-referencing, to absorb global images into their cultural and consumption schemas. This is commonly referred to as glocalization. We developed a typology of modern women images in Chinese magazine advertising, potential interpretive strategies, and self-referencing responses in this research. Results of a content analysis and a reader response study support our postulations. Implications are discussed.\n      </p>", "A model that combines advertising carryover with purchase reinforcement is presented. It accommodates the possibility that certain members of the consumer population rely only on their experience with the product, while others are also affected by past advertising. Empirical results with two product categories indicate that for bimonthly data advertising retention does not exist at all.\n      </p>", "Media and network companies are increasingly providing digital media online. We develop a model to examine optimal strategies for media providers to utilize the online Channel to distribute digital media. We examine a number of options for media providers. Our results suggest that media companies should seil programs online when content quality is relative high and online access cost is low. When online access cost is relative high, media providers could use the advertising strategy. Overall, companies are better off providing both pricing and advertising options to consumers. We derive the optimal price and advertising level, and analyze the factors that affect the price and advertising decisions. We find that as advertisement revenue rate increases, advertising level should be kept low. In addition, media companies should set online price and advertising level with consideration of the traditional Channel in order to avoid Channel cannibalization. We also analyze the advertising level in the traditional Channel. Our results suggest that as digital video recorder technologies provide more convenience to consumers, media companies should increase, rather than decrease, revenues from advertising.\n      </p>", "An econometric model pooling monthly cross-sectional and time-series data is estimated to measure the impact of national and regional generic fluid milk advertising. The estimated model shows that the effectiveness of advertising has increased since the implementation of the Dairy Adjustment Act. Gains in fluid milk sales attributed to milk advertising are estimated. Sales gains for both the pre- and post-act periods are shown along with the gains associated with parameter changes in the post-act periods. Marginal advertising responses are derived.\n      </p>", "In this paper we examine the relationship between advertising spending and perceived product quality. The questions we ask are: Does a product's advertising spending influence consumers' perceptions of its quality? If so, does the effect remain even after accounting for objective quality, price and market share? Does knowledge about objective quality, from Consumer Reports or usage experience, attenuate the effect of advertising spending on perceived quality? Do nondurable goods differ from durable goods in these effects? In ten product categories, five nondurable and five durable, comprising a total of 162 brands, we find that advertising expenditure and perceived quality are generally positively correlated even after accounting for objective quality, price, and market share--for both nondurable goods and durable goods. Objective quality, however, is significantly correlated with perceived quality only for durable goods, after advertising spending, price and market share are accounted for. Finally, previous purchase experience, but not Consumer Reports readership, reduces the effect of advertising spending on perceived quality.\n      </p>", "We develop a multi-market equilibrium displacement model that allows demand linkages across down- stream product markets, and supply linkages through the common use of a raw commodity as the key input. Applying the model to the dairy sector, we find that the effectiveness of producer-funded advertising depends on the demand relationships across dairy product markets (cross-price and cross- advertising elasticities) as well as the reallocation of milk toward the advertised market. We show that the previous literature, which ignores the horizontal linkages highlighted here, tends to overstate the effectiveness of generic commodity promotion for dairy, and thus results in too much advertising.\n      </p>", "This paper considers advertising policies for a very general class of response functions. It is shown that if a pulsing policy is used, awareness (or sales) eventually settle down to a steady cycle and the average response over the cycle is a decreasing function of the length of the cycle. When response shows increasing returns to scale, it is possible (in theory) to use a device called chattering to replace the true response by a straight line which lies above the true response in the region in which chattering is used. A numerical example is given to show how the optimal policy can be computed when part of the response is linear and the results obtained are compared with those of the best practicable approximation to chattering. It is shown that the problem of maximising awareness or sales, subject to a budget constraint, is structurally identical with maximising profit after advertising, with or without a constraint. In either case it is possible that, for part of the time, the optimal policy involves chattering.\n      </p>", "Exclusive advertising on a given media outlet is usually profitable for an advertiser because consumers are less aware of competing products. However, for such arrangements to exist, media must benefit as well. We examine conditions under which such exclusive advertising contracts benefit both advertisers and media outlets (referred to as stations) by illustrating that exclusive equilibria arise in a theoretical model of the media, advertisers, and consumers who participate in both the product and media markets. In the model, stations sell advertising space to advertisers and broadcast advertising messages to consumers. Conditions leading to higher equilibrium levels of advertising can be unprofitable for advertisers because high levels of advertising make consumers better informed and thus lead to fiercer product price competition. As a result, media stations may be less profitable as well because their payoff is determined as a fraction of the advertiser surplus generated in the product market. Stations mitigate this effect by offering advertisers exclusive advertising contracts. With such contracts, consumers are less informed about competing products, yielding higher producer surplus. It is profitable for stations to offer exclusivity when commercial advertising is an important means for advertisers to inform consumers about their products.\n      </p>", "We examine the firm's optimal advertising behavior under conditions of uncertainty. For the static one-period model, we show that the firm's attitude toward risk may be responsible for the potential divergence between advertising decisions under uncertainty and those under deterministic conditions. For the dynamic multi-period model, the ultimate impact of uncertainty on advertising is further complicated when the sales response function contains an unknown parameter, and the firm wishes to gain more information about it through experimentation. We demonstrate that whether it is optimal for the firm to experiment at an advertising rate higher, equal to, or lower than the myopic (one-period) level would depend on the specification of the response function. Finally, we offer some empirical evidence for our assumption of a quadratic sales response function, using time-series data of twelve major brands of cigarettes.\n      </p>", "The apparent ineffectiveness of incumbent campaign spending in congressional elections is one of the enduring puzzles in the political economy literature. Previous work in this area has assumed that advertising prices are uniform across congressional districts, and therefore that campaign spending alone is a good proxy for campaign advertising. However, candidates in different districts face widely different advertising prices and this paper shows that differences in advertising costs are one source of the apparent ineffectiveness of campaign spending. Accounting for the price of advertising, this paper shows that campaign spending is productive for both incumbents and challengers.\n      </p>", "A stochastic, sequential model is developed to determine optimal advertising expenditures as a function of product maturity and past advertising. Random demand for the product depends upon an aggregate measure of current and past advertising called \"goodwill\", and the position of the product in its life cycle measured by sales-to-date. Conditions on the parameters of the model are established that insure that it is optimal to advertise less as the product matures. Additional characteristics of the optimal advertising policy are also established.\n      </p>", "An important question that firms face in advertising is developing effective media strategy. Major improvements in the quality of consumer information and the growth of targeted media vehicles allow firms to precisely target advertising to consumer segments within a market. This paper examines advertising strategy when competing firms can target advertising to different groups of consumers within a market. With targeted advertising, we find that firms advertise more to consumers who have a strong preference for their product than to comparison shoppers who can be attracted to the competition. Advertising less to comparison shoppers can be seen as a way for firms to endogenously increase differentiation in the market. In addition, targeting allows the firm to eliminate \"wasted\" advertising to consumers whose preferences do not match a product's attributes. As a result, the targeting of advertising increases equilibrium profits. The model demonstrates how advertising strategies are affected by firms being able to target pricing. Target advertising leads to higher profits, regardless of whether or not the firms have the ability to set targeted prices, and the targeting of advertising can be more valuable for firms in a competitive environment than the ability to target pricing.\n      </p>", "Large sunk investments in advertising allow managers to credibly preempt potential entrants by introducing new products prior to anticipated increases in market growth. Previous investment in advertising can lower a firm's cost to introduce new products allowing it to credibly preempt potential entrants. Entrants may not have enough residual share to find it profitable to enter later, and incumbents find it profitable to keep new products in the market even if entrants choose to enter. I present empirical evidence from the RTE cereal industry.\n      </p>", "Models of advertising response implicitly assume that the entire advertising budget is spent on disseminating one message. In practice, managers use different themes of advertising (for example, price advertisements versus product advertisements) and within each theme they employ different versions of an advertisement. In this study, we evaluate the dynamic effects of different themes of advertising that have been employed in a campaign. We develop a model that jointly considers the effects of wearout as well as that of forgetting in the context of an advertising campaign that employs five different advertising themes. We quantify the differential wearout effects across the different themes of advertising and examine the interaction effects between the different themes using a Bayesian dynamic linear model (DLM). Such a response model can help managers decide on the optimal allocation of resources across the portfolio of ads as well as better manage their scheduling. We develop a model to show how our response model parameters can be used to improve the effectiveness of advertising budget allocation across different themes. We find that a reallocation of resources across different themes according to our model results in a significant improvement in demand.\n      </p>", "Scholars employ various methods to measure exposure to televised political advertising but often arrive at conflicting conclusions about its impact on the thoughts and actions of citizens. We attempt to clarify one of these debates while validating a parsimonious measure of political advertising exposure. To do so, we assess the predictive power of six different measurement approaches-from the simple to the complex-on learning about political candidates. Two datasets are used in this inquiry: (1) geo-coded political advertising time-buy data, and (2) a national panel study concerning patterns of media consumption and levels of political knowledge. We conclude that many traditional methods of assessing exposure are flawed. Fortunately, there is a relatively simple measure that predicts knowledge about information featured in ads. This measure involves combining a tally of the volume of advertisements aired in a market with a small number of survey questions about the television viewing habits of geo-coded respondents.\n      </p>", "The effects of meat advertising expenditures on quarterly beef, pork, and poultry demand are estimated using a nonlinear Rotterdam model. Advertising stocks are incorporated into the model as both demand shifters and price and total expenditure scaling factors. Branded beef, pork, and poultry advertising elasticities are each significantly different from zero. Generic beef and pork advertising elasticities are not significantly different from zero. Some cross-advertising elasticities are significantly different from zero. Branded beef and poultry advertising have increased total meat consumption.\n      </p>", "Advertising fee decisions in franchise systems are a frequent source of conflict between franchisors and franchisees. Such disagreements persist because the win-win potential of vertical cooperative advertising is not well appreciated. Our paper introduces a formal normative approach for analyzing, understanding and subsequently making these vertical cooperative advertising decisions within a franchising context in a manner that results in optimal system-wide returns. The model demonstrates that cooperative determination of franchisor's and franchisee's advertising contributions may yield superior payoffs for both exchange partners than the total payoff if the franchisor and franchisee seek to optimize their individual objective functions. Three types of models are developed and evaluated (i.e. deterministic, stochastic and under conditions of differing perceptions of the sales response functions to advertising). Conclusions hold under all three model variants. Industry implications are also presented.\n      </p>", "Two studies were conducted to investigate the origin and distinctness of consumer skepticism toward advertising, defined as a tendency to disbelieve advertising claims by Obermiller and Spangenberg (1998). The first study examined the role of socialization in the family by comparing levels of ad skepticism across generations. Significant associations were strongest for female children with their fathers; less strong but apparent for male children with their mothers. Further, the associations diminished with age, which was considered a surrogate for time away from home. The second study explored the relationship between skepticism toward advertising and skepticism toward other sources of product information. The results indicated some overlap between skeptical beliefs about advertising and salespeople, but, otherwise, ad skepticism appeared to be a separate construct from skepticism toward other sources of product information. Moreover, advertising was viewed as the least believable of the five sources of product information that were considered.\n      </p>", "The failure of many B2C companies has triggered widespread concern about the future prospects of such firms. Surviving and newly formed companies are reevaluating their strategies and struggling to build a sustainable business model. This paper empirically examines how customer value created through Web site interface and advertising affects firm performance in an electronic commerce context. Advertising can increase the number of visitors to a Web site. Web site features that facilitate presale, sale, and postsale tasks by increasing visitor-to-customer conversion can augment bottom-line performance measured in terms of economic value added (EVA). The results demonstrate that advertising spending alone has only a negligible impact on firm performance. A more appropriate profit-enhancing strategy for B2C companies is to complement advertising spending with a superior shopping experience that augments the value customers gain from the purchase experience. Advertising spending may act as a stimulus to increase Web site traffic. If complemented with Web site features that support customers' purchase-requirements determination and product-ownership experience, it can enhance the performance of B2C firms.\n      </p>", "Written school advertising in Banaras, a North Indian city, creates correspondences between a language activity and central and peripheral places. In spoken discourse, complex relationships inhere between ways of describing languages as varieties and the sociological value that is said to exist in the fit between a language variety and its domain of use. Education is one such domain because the educational system itself is organized in popular discourse by medium, Hindi or English. In spoken discourse, Hindi- or English-medium schools can indicate central or peripheral dispositions. Advertising, however, includes a meaningful element unavailable to speakers in the flow of interaction -- a distinction between lexical designation and its rendering in Devanagari or roman script. Therein lies its power to establish English as central and Hindi as peripheral.\n      </p>", "This article presents a model for the allocation of an advertising budget to geographic market segments, or territories, when the sales response to advertising in each segment is characterized by a probability distribution. It is shown that allocation decisions that are based on the expected sales response may be associated with a relatively large degree of risk and, therefore, non-optimal to a risk-averse manager. The model derives an \"efficient frontier\" in terms of the expected profit and its variance resulting from alternative budget allocations. The manager then chooses the optimal allocation based on his/her preference function.\n      </p>", "Two studies examined cognitive responses to comparative advertising that was valenced, i. e., was either negative or positive. Negative comparative advertising featured the advertised brand derogating the comparison brand (I'm OK, you're not OK). Positive comparative advertising claimed superiority over the comparison brand in a nonderogatory manner (You're OK, I'm more OK). Subjects were exposed to either a negative comparative ad or a positive comparative ad. In study 1, the ad featured either a high or low share advertised brand and either a high or low share comparison brand while in study 2, the ad featured advertised and comparison brands with either a strong or a weak reputation. Across both studies, it was found that negative comparative advertising evoked significantly higher counterargumentation and lower claim acceptance than its positive counterpart. Also, when the advertised brand had a high share relative to the comparison brand, counterargumentat i on was lower and claim acceptance was higher vis-a-vis when the advertised brand had a low share relative to the comparison brand. Findings pertaining to brand reputation were mixed. Managerial and future research implications of the findings are discussed.\n      </p>", "The paper offers an exploratory empirical investigation of the determinants of cooperative advertising participation rates. Using data for 2,286 brands, we examine the relationship of participation rates to national advertising expenditures by brand. We also consider how participation rates vary with average manufacturers' margins by industry, average retail margins by category, and additional category-level variables. Reflecting the discrete nature of the dependent variable, the analysis employs discrete choice estimation techniques instead of OLS regression. The results reveal a significant quadratic relationship between advertising and participation rates. We interpret this and other significant findings in the context of existing work.\n      </p>", "Classical continuous-time models of advertising expenditure tend to fall into two categories, those that prescribe spending at a constant level and those that prescribe switching infinitely quickly between several different levels of spending. The latter practice, chattering, though impossible literally, can be interpreted in practice to imply that the faster the switching the better. Empirical evidence, however, sometimes suggests the superiority of pulsing, alternating between different spending levels with finite frequency, for example in a periodic fashion. Furthermore, the actual behavior of marketing managers, who often advertise in flights or pulses, appears to differ from the optimal policies many current models prescribe. Showing how structural properties of common advertising models rule out finite-frequency pulsing a priori, we develop a continuous-time model for which finite-frequency pulsing can be optimal. Relaxing these structural assumptions yields a new class of models which, for certain values of their parameters, lead to periodic pulsing optima; this is accomplished by inclusion of both S-shaped response and an exponential-smoothing filter. These theoretical results are illustrated through simulation of a variant of the Vidale-Wolfe model.\n      </p>", "The rapid proliferation of mobile phones and other mobile devices has created a new channel for marketing. The use of Short Messaging Service to access customers through their handheld devices is gaining popularity, making the mobile phone the ultimate medium for one-to-one marketing. The present research investigates consumer attitudes toward mobile advertising and the relationship between attitude and behavior. An instrument for measuring attitudes toward mobile advertising is developed. The results of a survey indicate that (1) consumers generally have negative attitudes toward mobile advertising unless they have specifically consented to it, and (2) there is a direct relationship between consumer attitudes and consumer behavior. Thus it is not a good idea to send SMS advertisements to potential customers without prior permission.\n      </p>", "Objective: To estimate the potential exposure of black adolescents to brand specific advertising in magazines. Design: A probit regression analysis was conducted of pooled 1990 and 1994 data on brand specific advertising in 36 popular US magazines to examine the relationship between the presence or absence of advertising in each magazine for each of 12 cigarette brands, and the proportion of each magazine's youth (ages 12-17 years) readers who were black. Main outcome measures: The presence or absence of advertising in each magazine in 1990 and 1994, for each of 12 cigarette brands. Results: After controlling for total magazine readership and the percentage of young adult, Hispanic, and female readers, black youth cigarette brands (those whose market share among black youths exceeded their overall market share) were more likely than other brands to advertise in magazines with a higher percentage of black youth readers. Holding all other variables constant at their sample means, the probability of a non-black youth brand advertising in a magazine decreased over the observed range of percentage black youth readership from 0.65 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.55 to 0.75) for magazines with 5% black youth readers to 0.33 (95% CI 0.00 to 0.69) for magazines with 91% black youth readers. In contrast, the probability of a black youth brand advertising in a magazine increased from 0.40 (95% CI 0.17 to 0.62) at 5% black youth readership to 1.00 (95% CI 0.97 to 1.00) at 91% black youth readership. Conclusions: Black youths are more likely than white youths to be exposed to magazine advertising by cigarette brands popular among black adolescents.\n      </p>", "Objective: To examine the extent and types of cigarette advertising materials in stores and to assess tobacco company compliance with the 1998 Master Settlement Agreement (MSA). Design: A cross-sectional analysis of a random sample of 586 stores that sold cigarettes. Setting: US state of California. Main outcome measures: Trained data collectors classified cigarette advertising materials by type (signs, displays, functional items), location (interior or exterior), and placement (below 3 feet (1 m) or near candy). Results: California retail outlets featured 17.2 (SD 16.1) tobacco advertising materials on average, and 94% of stores featured at least some advertising. About 85% of these were within 4 feet (1.3 m) of the counter. About 50% of the stores had ads at or below 3 feet, and 23% had cigarette product displays next to candy. In violation of the MSA, 3% of stores featured signs with cartoons and 11% had large exterior signs. Conclusions: Tobacco companies are aggressively using stores to market cigarettes. Moreover, the spirit of the MSA--to protect children from cigarette advertising--has not been realised. Future studies should monitor industry use of this venue and assess the impact of exposure to cigarette advertising materials in stores on adult smokers and youth.\n      </p>", "This paper provides a theoretical explanation for the inconsistent findings from previous econometric analyses of aggregated data concerning the duration of advertising carryover. Using this theoretical explanation and the knowledge of a data interval bias, the paper reviews and summarizes the empirical work in the area of sales response modeling, and then after adjusting for aggregation bias, presents support for an empirical generalization that the average advertising duration interval is of brief duration-typically between six and nine months.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this paper is to derive a model of advertising effects on the firm's sales. A micromodel is postulated and aggregated across individuals and over time to produce a macromodel of the aggregate sales-advertising relationship for a single product. The micromodel postulated is very simple. It incorporates two factors: reach of the ads and rate of decay of their effectiveness over time. This approach to modeling advertising effects is shown to be fruitful in several respects: (1) the coefficients of the aggregate equation are easily interpretable-in terms of the reach and decay parameters; (2) the model derived is nonlinear yet estimable; (3) a special case of the model is very similar to lag models that have been in use; (4) the model can be used whatever the unit of time is; (5) the carryover effect of advertising (as commonly defined) is not constant, but depends upon the previous spending levels; and (6) the model helps illustrate that the duration of advertising may be greatly overstated if aggregate lagged dependent variable models are simplistically interpreted.\n      </p>", "Every year companies spend billions of dollars on advertising in an effort to induce consumers to purchase their goods. Yet, unlike almost any other investment that a company makes, management's advertising allocation decision is made with little, if any, substantive information on the return received from that investment. This research presents a methodology for determining the monetary gains from advertising and provides an estimate of the return to advertising investment for a sample of firms. Substantial gains exist for firms from advertising. This effect is seen to vary by type of industry and is strongly related to other positive strategic decisions of the firm.\n      </p>", "While researchers and managers have speculated that corporate advertising can have an impact on brand knowledge, to date there is no empirical support for such \"pass-through.\" We report on a laboratory study manipulating the presence or absence in a brand ad of retrieval cues for subjects' corporate advertising and their pre-existing brand knowledge. We found evidence of pass-through, but it was moderated by the retrieval of subjects' pre-existing brand knowledge. Our results have theoretical and managerial implications, and suggest a number of interesting opportunities for future research.\n      </p>", "This work develops a diffusion model which incorporates word-of-mouth and advertising effects for two firms introducing competing brands of a new durable product. The competition between the two firms is formulated as a two-player, nonzero sum Markovian game. The firms are assumed to behave noncooperatively in choosing their advertising strategies and the solution concept is a Nash noncooperative equilibrium. Optimal advertising policies for this stochastic closed-loop control problem are obtained via dynamic programming. Our results indicate that both firms will start with high advertising outlays which will get reduced as the number of adopters increases. This is similar to the result obtained previously for a monopolist. Further, we find that there is a significant value in being the first brand to the market, and the greater the intensity of word-of-mouth effects, the greater the value in being first. The first entrant advantage is due to the goodwill generated by its stock of previous adopters. This first entrant advantage can only be overcome if the second entrant enters with a superior brand which is more enthusiastically endorsed by its adopters.\n      </p>", "We investigate the relationship between free-standing insert advertising style and coupon redemption. Results from two experiments indicate that the propensity to clip a coupon can be enhanced by matching ad tone (emotional vs rational) to the nature of a consumer's primary motivation with respect to coupon usage. Moreover, this result appears to hold for consumers with both procoupon and anticoupon inclinations.\n      </p>", "A stochastic model is proposed to study the effect of advertising on consumer purchase dynamics by specifically relating the distribution of exposures, from a brand's media schedule, to brand purchase incidence behavior patterns over time. The approach is based on underlying individual consumer behavior assumptions that reflect the dynamics of exposures to advertising and brand purchase behavior, conditional on the level of advertising exposure received. Moreover, a population-based model is derived by aggregating over individual consumers who may be heterogeneous with respect to exposure probability, purchase rate, and sensitivity to advertising. The approach can be implemented with experimentally-based data and estimation procedures that seek to isolate the effect of advertising and also permit the evaluation of advertising influences on purchase behavior patterns. For the purpose of model implementation, parameter estimation procedures are outlined and applied to empirically evaluate three alternative model versions that reflect different advertising exposure behavior assumptions. Both the goodness of fit results presented and prior empirical experience, in connection with past applications to TV media schedule analysis, lend to the model's validity. The paper concludes with an appraisal of the potential strengths and limitations of the proposed model as a tool for advertising media analysis and planning in practice.\n      </p>", "The simplest price and advertising optimization model consistent with current empirical research is formulated and analyzed. An explicit horizon function is introduced to compare and synthesize the finite and infinite horizon situations. The practically prevalent procedure of setting this period's advertising expenditure proportional to the previous period's sales is, for good reasons, declared near optimal.\n      </p>", "This article considers whether generic advertising lowers the differentiation among competing brands of the same good. Analytical results show that if the benefits from generic advertising from increased demand are outweighted by the costs from lower product differentiation then high-quality producers will not benefit from generic promotion. Hypotheses are tested empirically under a conditional-logit approach using retail-market sales and advertising data for the U.S. prune industry. Results from this study provide evidence that generic advertising has a slight differential effect on the perceived qualities of different brands.\n      </p>", "A paper by Bultez and Naert in the May 1979 issue of Management Science tentatively concludes that profits are relatively insensitive to misspecification of the lag structure of advertising. We examine the conditions under which a firm's profits are most likely to be sensitive to the misspecification of the lag structure. Our analysis indicates how this sensitivity is related to (a) the form of the true lag structure, (b) the demand function, (c) the cost function, and (d) the firm's discount rate.\n      </p>", "This study formulates and solves an advertising pulsation problem for a monopolistic firm using dynamic programming (DP). The firm aims at maximising profit through an optimal allocation of the advertising budget in terms of rectangular pulses over a finite planning horizon. Aggregate sales response to the advertising effort is assumed to be governed by a modified version of the Vidale-Wolfe model in continuous time proposed by Little. Using a numerical example in which a planning horizon of one year is divided into one, two through ten equal time periods, computing routines are developed to solve 150 DP problems. Computational results show among other findings that the performance yielded by the DP policy dominates the uniform advertising policy (constant spending) for a concave advertising response function and the advertising pulsing policy (turning advertising on and off) for a linear or convex response function.\n      </p>", "Marketing decision makers are increasingly aware of the importance of shareholder value maximization, which calls for an evaluation of the long-term effects of their actions on product-market response and investor response. However, the marketing literature to date has focused on the sales or profit response of marketing actions, and the goals of marketing have traditionally been formulated from a customer perspective. Recently, there have been a few studies of the long-term investor response to marketing actions. The current research investigates one important aspect of this impact, the long-term relationship between advertising spending and market capitalization. The authors hypothesize that advertising can have a direct effect on valuation (i.e., an effect beyond its indirect effect through sales revenue and profit response). The empirical results across two industries provide support for the hypothesis that advertising spending has a positive, long-term impact on own firms' market capitalization and may have a negative impact on the valuation of a competitor of comparable size. The authors quantify the magnitude of this investor response effect for and discuss its implications for further research.\n      </p>", "Objective: To evaluate systematically the effectiveness of six advertising strategies (two message strategies presented in three different contexts) designed to promote smoking cessation by addressing smokers' misperceptions about Light cigarettes. Design: Smokers viewed one of six, 30 second test television concept advertisements, which varied by message (one emphasising how the sensory effects of Lights can be deceptive, the other describing the effects of vent blocking) and by ad context (non-commercial public service announcement (PSA), promotion of unbranded nicotine replacement therapy (NRT), or promotion of branded NRT). The effectiveness of each advertisement was determined using a validated advertising testing system in which ads were viewed in the context of reviewing a pilot television programme. Response to ads is assessed through shifts in subject choices of products offered as prizes before and after viewing the test advertisements. Included among the possible prizes were cigarettes and various pharmacotherapies for smoking cessation. Subjects: Daily smokers (n = 1890) of Regular (34%), Light (47%), and Ultra Light (19%) cigarettes recruited from eight US cities. Main outcomes measures: The primary outcome of interest was the shift away from cigarettes as the selected prize following exposure to the test advertisements. Secondary outcomes of interest included movement away from Light cigarettes and movement towards assisted quitting products. Results: Smokers who saw the advertisement emphasising the sensory characteristics of Light cigarettes were more likely than subjects who saw the advertisement emphasising the effect of vent blocking to move away from cigarettes (OR = 1.97, 95% confidence interval CI 1.25 to 3.09; \u03c7\u00b2(1) = 8.69, p = 0.003). Similarly, subjects who saw the advertisement framed as a PSA, rather than as a promotion for either a branded or unbranded NRT product, were also somewhat more likely to move away from cigarettes (OR = 1.51, 95% CI 0.94 to 2.40; \u03c7\u00b2(1) = 2.97, p = 0.085). The effect was observed regardless of sex, age, or type of cigarette smoked. Conclusions: Addressing smokers' sensory perceptions of Light cigarettes and presenting this information in an impartial way is likely to be an effective communication strategy for counter-marketing Light cigarettes.\n      </p>", "Televised advertising disclosures are supposedly designed to supply consumers with important information for decision-making. From the perspective of models of information processing, however, these disclosures may well be improperly conceived and executed. Disclaimers presented in other media are also challenged, though television represents a special case because of consumers' inability to control the processing situation (e.g., to study the disclaimer at length if desired) and because of the extensive use of disclaimers in this medium. In this study, televised advertising disclosures are examined experimentally and found generally to be ineffective. Resultant suggestions for researchers and policy-makers are developed.\n      </p>", "The goal of the present paper is to investigate the influence of advertising on the diffusion of new telephones in West Germany. Several alternative ways of integrating advertising into the well-known Bass-diffusion-model are suggested and empirically tested. The econometric investigation yields results which are consistent with the behavioral assumption. A model which assumes that advertising mainly influenced the demand of imitators is accepted as the most valid representation of reality. The lag structure of advertising response was best captured by a Nerlove-Arrow-model. Advertising attained its maximum effect after several months. A cumulative measure of the total advertising effect is suggested and quantified. Directions for potential generalizations are discussed.\n      </p>", "Two recent papers introduced the game of pulsing competition (PC) in advertising together with its related subgames of alternating pulsing competition (APC) and matching pulsing competition (MPC) for a duopoly. Following a game theoretic approach in conjunction with a continuous Lanchester model, the above authors basically concluded that when at least one of the response functions is convex, generalising monopolistic advertising pulsation results to a competitive setting might not be adequate. This paper expands the scope of the PC game by incorporating in its structure for the first time in the literature, two versions of a hybrid pulsing competition (HPC) subgame. The article compares the payoffs of the four alternative subgames and provides an analytical solution of a special case of the PC game. In addition, the article also introduces for the first time a variant of the PC game designated by `the copycat advertising game' and shows analytically that for such a game the policy of constant advertising spending over time is optimal for both firms irrespective of the shape of their advertising response functions. The paper illustrates at its end how to solve numerically the expanded PC game in its general form using linear programming and how to derive a solution for a copycat advertising game.\n      </p>", "The question of whether a pulsed advertising policy is superior to an even policy (constant spending over time) is of practical relevance to both advertising practitioners and model builders. This paper presents an analytical model that can be used to analyze the impact of the various pulsing and even policies on awareness. In addition to establishing the relationships between the various advertising policies analytically, an application of the proposed model to the actual Zielske's data is included.\n      </p>", "In this article, we examine whether a better econometric specification of the sales-advertising relationship leads to significantly improved decisions. Extending the pioneering work of Nerlove and Arrow, we analyze the sensitivity of the discounted profit flow to the dynamics of advertising. On the basis of a generalized variant of their constant-elasticity model, we compare various lag structures, and derive the corresponding decision rules to determine the optimal advertising budget. Financial consequences of misspecifications of the distributed-lag function are then evaluated. Our investigation is empirically illustrated on the basis of the data which served Palda for his demonstration of advertising cumulative effects.\n      </p>", "Using a modified Lanchester model, this article demonstrates that the policy of constant advertising spending is superior to a cyclic counterpart, provided that the advertising response functions of competing firms are concave. The competitive model is estimated using filter and non-filter cigarette data. The empirical results suggest the presence of over-advertising and that the relative effectiveness and elasticity of filter cigarette advertising are both higher than those of non-filter cigarette advertising.\n      </p>", "This study extends the time-variant closed-loop strategy of Fruchter and Kalish (1997) to the n-player advertising game. We demonstrate that solving an n-player game using 2 players results in overadvertising.\n      </p>", "Objective: To examine the frequency of tobacco advertisements on taxicabs within Boston, Massachusetts (USA). Design: At seven locations throughout Boston, an observer counted all taxicabs over 30-minute periods in December 1995. Main outcome measures: Confirmed sightings of taxicabs with cigarette advertisements were recorded with information collected on the cigarette brand and taxicab company. Results: A total of 314 taxicabs were observed over 210 minutes of observation time, including 127 (40.4%) with cigarette advertisements. Taxicabs with cigarette advertisements were seen once every 1.65 minutes on average, with Marlboro as the most frequently advertised brand (69 of 127 advertisements, 54.3%). Less affluent locations were serviced by greater proportions of taxicabs carrying cigarette advertisements compared with more affluent locations (odds ratio = 2.08, 95% confidence interval = 1.18-3.68). Conclusions: Taxicabs represent a major form of exposure to cigarette advertising in Boston.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the role of the advertising industry in mediating geographic aspects of economic and cultural change. A transnationalization of advertising agencies through both foreign direct investment and acquisition has concentrated control and extended the spatial reach of a few large American, Japanese, and British advertising agencies and holding companies in the 1980s and 1990s. In the case of U.S. agencies, internal reorganization signals a greater geographic concentration of advertising services in New York City and cutbacks at regional offices. I argue that \"global agencies\" have realigned their internal operations to facilitate a global advertising approach and have promoted images of \"globalism\" congruent with their transnational expansion. Agencies have accelerated the push toward standardized campaigns, global research studies, global media buying, and international accounts. In this way, agencies mediate the globalization of both clients and consumptive markets.\n      </p>", "The issue of whether physicians should advertise their services has been the subject of much debate among health policymakers. This study reports data from a survey of rural residents in Illinois regarding attitudes toward physician advertising and reasons for opposition or support of the practice. The results indicate neither strong opposition nor strong support for physician advertising. While those who are opposed are largely nonspecific regarding their reasons, those in favor primarily expect that it will aid in the selection of a physician. However, few respondents indicate a predisposition to shop for a physician. Although the major concern about physician advertising is a danger of false advertising by some physicians, it appears that the respondents are not trusting of advertising in general rather than of advertising by physicians in particular. These findings suggest that regardless of its potential advantages, physician advertising may be relatively ineffective because consumers may be inattentive, unresponsive, or distrusting.\n      </p>", "The possibility of account conflicts is generally regarded as a very serious problem in the advertising industry. The problem is that once an advertising agency works for a firm it learns private information which it can use strategically, i.e., make available to the firm's competitors. But, in oligopolistic situations, knowing more about a competitor may not necessarily be beneficial, because the competitor may react to this knowledge. Similarly, allowing the competitor to have more information may not necessarily be detrimental. In fact, the decision of whether to share the same agency depends on three effects, which are identified here: (1) the decision-making framework effect, (2) the strategic effect, and (3) the uncertainty effect. The first effect always favors sharing the same agency. The direction of the latter two effects is ambiguous. This ambiguity is resolved against the sharing of agencies when (1) the competitor's reaction to the firm's situation is especially harmful in that particular situation (strategic effect) and (2) the competitor's actions are increasingly harmful (uncertainty effect).\n      </p>", "This paper considers a multi-firms advertising model under uncertainty of the Nerlove-Arrow type. It is shown (under a Markovian assumption of the advertising process) that the probability of sales for a firm in a multi-firms setting is given by a Poisson distribution with a parameter given by its market share at a given time. Using the multi-firms model developed in this paper, advertising differential games are resolved. In particular, a two-firms advertising model with concave advertising costs is used to obtain optimum advertising budgets for competitive firms.\n      </p>", "This paper, guided by empirical findings in the literature, develops an advertising pulsing model for established frequently purchased products under the presence of advertising wearout effects. Using such a model, the superiority of Advertising Pulsing Policy over an equivalent Uniform Advertising Policy is explored analytically for both S-shaped and concave advertising response functions in relation to initial sales and the employed discount rate. The basic results of the research, summarized in four propositions, indicate that under the presence of advertising wearout and for both S-shaped and concave advertising response functions that: -Pulsing is superior to the even policy for a zero discount rate. -For all positive values of the discount rate, pulsing is superior to the even policy provided that initial sales are close enough to the equilibrium sales of the even policy. -If initial sales are much different from the equilibrium sales of the even policy, pulsing would be superior for small values of the discount rate whereas the even policy would be superior for large values of the discount rate.\n      </p>", "It has recently been demonstrated that exposure to advertising after consumption can change consumers\u2019 memory such that they remember tasting a better product. This research investigates whether advertising can change consumers\u2019 memory such that they remember tasting a different product. Less familiar consumers who tasted grapefruit juice and then saw advertisements claiming the brand was orange juice were somewhat more likely to remember that they tasted an orange\u2010grapefruit juice blend. More familiar consumers were significantly less likely to remember tasting an orange\u2010grapefruit juice blend after seeing the misleading advertisements. The results suggest that the more familiar consumers use the misleading advertisements to help them remember exactly what product was consumed.\n      </p>", "An analysis of the net returns to dairy farmers from generic fluid milk advertising is made in terms of the ability of advertising to increase the blend price of milk in excess of the cost of advertising. The evaluation of the economic effectiveness of generic fluid milk advertising programs extends beyond the measurement of the direct sales response to advertising. Specifically, the class I-class II price differential and the class I utilization rate are found to be extremely important factors influencing the effectiveness of generic milk advertising programs, while the impact of the price elasticity of supply is relatively minor.\n      </p>", "A general model describing individual consuming unit response to an advertising stimulus is developed. The measure of behavior utilized is consumption. In the model, the various effects of advertising on behavior are decomposed. These are price-advertising interactions, transitory or short-run effects, and permanent or long-term effects. Specific parameterized forms of the model demonstrate how alternative theories of the effects of advertising can be tested.\n      </p>", "Competitive advertising interference can occur when viewers of advertising for a focal brand are also exposed to advertising messages for competing brands within a short period (e.g., one week for television advertising). Although competitive advertising interference has been shown to reduce advertising recall and recognition and brand evaluation measures, no studies have examined its impact on brand sales. In this research, the authors use a market response model of sales for two grocery categories for a large grocery chain in the Chicago area to study the extent to which competitive advertising interference influences sales. The model enables the authors to capture the \"pure\" own-brand advertising elasticities that would arise if there were no competitive interference. The results show that competitive interference effects on sales are strong. When one or more competing brands advertise in the same week as the focal brand, the advertising elasticity diminishes for the focal brand. The decrease depends on the number of competing brands advertising in a particular week and their total advertising volume. The authors find that having one more competitor advertise is often more harmful to a focal brand's advertising effectiveness than if the current number of advertising brands increase their total advertising volume.\n      </p>", "Several recent studies have investigated international differences in advertising practices. Most of these address advertising in general, leaving the transferability of comparative advertising practices largely unexplored. Based on a theoretical framework of consumer skepticism toward novel information, we conducted a cross-national study to examine the effectiveness of comparative ad format and message content advertising executions under conditions of market and sponsor brand novelty, and loyalty toward the comparison brand. Analyses of responses from participants in France, the Netherlands, and the United States indicate that novelty of the brand and novelty of the practice of comparative advertising interact with various ad elements to produce both desirable and undesirable outcomes.\n      </p>", "This is an exploratory study of the determinants of the size of the advertising budget in duopolistic competition. The model is a computer simulation that embodies learning, a multiperiod decision horizon, brand loyalty, and other basic features of competitive reality in a two firm market. Theoretical propositions are derived based on the postulated model. These include: Fixed production cost does not affect expenditures. Variable production cost is inversely related to expenditures. An increase in immediate advertising effectiveness increases expenditures. An increase in the lag coefficient increases expenditures. The greater the share-change coefficient, the greater are the expenditures. Initial expenditure levels have a strong effect on later levels. And the initial competition-reaction expectations have a strong effect at first, which later diminishes as firms learn how competitors behave.\n      </p>", "Due to steady erosion in the effectiveness of on-line advertising (e.g., banners and buttons placed at frequently visited sites), on-line businesses need to target their ad campaigns more precisely to reach the segments they are interested in. This paper examines the issue of how to identify ideal paid advertising, banner exchange, or affiliate partner locations, and proposes a model based on consumer search behavior. Calibrated with data obtained from searches for information in 18 different categories, the model allows for heterogeneity by permitting consumers to belong to different segments that have idiosyncratic search points and thresholds. It also includes a segment-membership function, specified in terms of consumer demographics, that can be used to identify the demographics associated with different focal groups.\n      </p>", "Recent studies have shown that consumers' product choices are significantly influenced by media coverage and recommendations in various media outlets. Unlike advertising, consumers perceive these sources as neutral and more credible because they usually presume that editorial content and product coverage in newspapers and magazines are independent and free from advertisers' influence. In this article, the authors show how advertising activities of firms may influence media coverage to the firms' advantage. They analyze a recent (2002-2003) large data set comprising 291 fashion companies based in Italy and their advertising and product coverage data published in newspapers and magazines of 123 publishers from Italy, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Controlling for firm heterogeneity, endogeneity, and the simultaneity of advertising and coverage, the authors find that, overall, (1) there is evidence of a strong positive influence of advertising on coverage, (2) publishers that depend more on a specific industry for their advertising revenues are prone to a higher degree of influence from their corporate advertisers than others, (3) peer pressures from competing publishers affect coverage decisions, (4) larger and more innovative companies are at an advantage for obtaining coverage for their products, and (5) the effects of corporate advertising influence exist in both Europe and the United States. These findings raise concerns about the independence of editorial content and coverage of magazines.\n      </p>", "A ban on tobacco advertising is one of the major tools to promote tobacco control. Swiss citizens recently refused to modify the Swiss Constitution to ban tobacco advertising. This case study shows how a strong alliance among the tobacco industry, the state, the media, and sports and cultural activities planners made it difficult for people to make an informed decision. The promoters of the ban were unable to provide counter-arguments to the mostly fallacious claims made by the opponents regarding the likely health and economic impact of this ban. A comparison to successful campaigns in Canada and New Zealand provides insight regarding factors missing in the Swiss campaign which might have been useful in obtaining support from Swiss citizens.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a dynamic model of advertising in a duopoly and studies sales response to steady-state advertising policies. With steady-state advertising policies, sales levels must converge to one of a finite number of equilibria, and the equilibrium set consists of sinks and saddles with one more sink than saddle. When advertising is allowed to vary, the model may admit hysteresis; and we present an example which shows that accounting for word-of-mouth advertising can lead to hysteresis.\n      </p>", "Objective: To examine how deeply foreign cigarette advertising had penetrated the Chinese market when a new ban on cigarette advertising was enacted in February 1995. Design: A survey using self-completion questionnaires administered in college classrooms from November 1994 to March 1995. Settings: Eight universities and four medical schools in three Chinese cities: Beijing, Wenzhou, and Hangzhou. Subjects: 1896 college students who agreed to complete a written questionnaire. The mean age was 21.2 years; 39.5% of respondents were female. Results: Four of the top eight cigarette brands most familiar to the respondents were foreign: Marlboro, 555, Kent, and Hilton. Advertisements for the foreign brands were much more likely to be seen than those for the domestic brands; those for Marlboro were reported most often (29.7%), followed by 555 (21.8%) and Kent (18.1%). Among smokers, Marlboro was the most preferred foreign brand, by 44.2%. The preference for Marlboro was also correlated with smokers having seen its advertisements. Most respondents, 71.8%, believed that cigarette advertising should be banned. Conclusions: The previous restrictions on cigarette advertising in China failed to prevent a large portion of the population from seeing and understanding the advertisements. Before the 1995 advertising ban took effect, strict limitations on imports of foreign cigarettes notwithstanding, certain highly advertised brands such as Marlboro achieved wide recognition and even consumer preference. Stricter restrictions are suggested as previous ones have failed to achieve their intended effects.\n      </p>", "Observers argue that evidence for the persuasive role of advertising comes from competitive categories where increases in advertising lead to higher average prices. Conversely, others claim that advertising serves a purely informational role. Here, higher levels of advertising lead to better-informed consumers and this should increase competition and stimulate lower prices. The objective of this study is to neither confirm nor refute either of these perspectives. It is rather to show that increases in informative advertising alone can lead to both higher or lower prices. I further show that the direction of this relationship depends on the level of differentiation between competing firms. Similar to Grossman and Shapiro (1984), I examine conditions where the differences between competing products are small, but I also examine conditions where the differences are significant. The role of advertising is to inform consumers about individual products and higher advertising for a product means that more of the potential market knows about it. Higher levels of advertising increase the relative importance of fully informed consumers compared to partially informed consumers. This dynamic is the basis for explaining why informative advertising can push prices either up or down in a uniformly distributed spatial market.\n      </p>", "Consumers' sensitivities to price changes are an important input to strategic and tactical decisions. It has been argued that price sensitivities depend on factors such as advertising. Prior studies on the effect of advertising on consumer price sensitivity have found seemingly conflicting results. We analyze the characteristics of previous studies in marketing and generate a set of three empirical generalizations. These are (1) an increase in price advertising leads to higher price sensitivity among consumers, (2) the use of price advertising leads to lower prices, and (3) an increase in nonprice advertising leads to lower price sensitivity among consumers. These generalizations have important implications for managers and researchers. Managers need to coordinate their advertising and pricing decisions to attain maximum profits. For researchers, our summary and discussion of empirical results provide directions for future.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the effects of advertising on the sales growth of new, infrequently purchased products. It is assumed that producer originated advertising serves to inform innovators of the existence and value of the new product while word-of-mouth communication by previous adopters affects imitators. Such a diffusion process is modeled and tested for the case of telephonic banking. It is shown that advertising accelerates the diffusion process of the new product. The implications for a firm introducing a new product and wishing to maximize its discounted profits over the product's life cycle are discussed. In particular, it is demonstrated that the optimal advertising policy is to advertise heavily when the product is introduced and to reduce the level of advertising as sales increase and the product moves through its life cycle. Evidence that such a strategy is commonly practiced by firms is cited.\n      </p>", "This study develops an approach to obtain optimal temporal advertising strategies when consumers' response to advertising is asymmetric. Using this approach, optimal strategies for generic fluid milk advertising in New York City are determined. Results indicate that pulsed advertising policies are significantly more effective in increasing demand than a uniform advertising policy. Sensitivity analyses show that the optimal advertising policies are insensitive to reasonable variations in interest rates and the inclusion of milk demand seasonality in the model. Also less asymmetric responses to advertising are found to result in shorter optimal pulsing cycles and reduced intensity of advertising pulses.\n      </p>", "The authors conduct a systematic investigation into the cyclical sensitivity of advertising expenditures in 37 countries, covering four key media: magazines, newspapers, radio, and television. They show that advertising is considerably more sensitive to business-cycle fluctuations than the economy as a whole. Advertising behaves less cyclically in countries high in long-term orientation and power distance, but it is more cyclical in countries high in uncertainty avoidance. Furthermore, advertising is more sensitive to the business cycle in countries characterized by significant stock market pressure and few foreign-owned multinational corporations. The authors provide initial evidence on the long-term social and managerial losses incurred when companies tie ad spending too tightly to business cycles. Countries in which advertising behaves more cyclically exhibit slower growth of the advertising industry. Moreover, private-label growth is higher in countries characterized by more cyclical advertising spending, implying significant losses for brand manufacturers. Finally, an examination of 26 global companies shows that stock price performance is lower for companies that exhibit stronger procyclical advertising spending patterns.\n      </p>", "The dynamic evolvement of market share of a brand in a frequently purchased product category can be driven by two effects, purchase reinforcement, and advertising carryover. The first depends on the actual experience with the brand while the second on the retention of its producer's messages. We present a model to estimate simultaneously the relative magnitude of these two forces. The model also formally treats the issue of temporal aggregation. Our empirical results with several product categories indicate that for monthly and bi-monthly measurement periods, purchase reinforcement dominates carryover of advertising in affecting the evolution of market share.\n      </p>", "We study in this paper dynamic equilibrium advertising strategies in a duopoly with asymmetric information structure and sequential play. The advertising model of Lanchester is used in a game where the relevant solution concept is feedback Stackelberg equilibrium, which is subgame perfect. An algorithm is devised for the computation of this equilibrium, and numerical results are reported and discussed. Using a data set from the cola market, we obtain the resulting advertising strategies and provide a comparison with closed-loop and open-loop Nash equilibria.\n      </p>", "The effect of advertising on consumer welfare has been the subject of dispute among economists, arising largely from disagreement among scholars regarding the persuasive versus the informative role of advertising. This paper reports two experiments that explore the welfare implications of advertising effects. Experiment 1 shows that the same advertisements can either increase or decrease prices paid for selected brands, depending on the degree to which the choice situation requires brands to be recalled in order to be considered. However, an increase in prices paid caused by advertising does not necessarily imply detrimental effects on consumer welfare. Experiment 2 shows that, even under circumstances in which differentiating advertising leads consumers to select brands with higher average prices, it can provide useful information to consumers that allows them to make purchases that are more in line with their personal tastes than are the choices of consumers not exposed to the advertisements.\n      </p>", "Permitting seasonal variation in the goodwill effect in measuring the impact of fluid milk advertising on milk sales in New York City improved the statistical significance of the estimating equation. The allocation of generic advertising dollars according to optimization rules during the period 1979-81 would have resulted in a 9 percent increase in returns to dairymen supplying the New York City market. Harmonic variables are used to account for seasonality, a Pascal distribution is used to account for the decay structure, and goodwill elasticities are estimated to indicate the impact of generic advertising on sales.\n      </p>", "Using a modified version of a Vidale-Wolfe model, proposed by Little, this paper examines the impact of initial sales rate on the performance of a variety of discrete, piecewise-continuous advertising policies for a finite planning horizon. The deployment of a non-discounted measure of performance reveals, irrespective of the shape of the advertising response function, that when the initial sales rate is different from zero at the beginning of the planning period: (1) a firm would be better off concentrating its advertising effort at the end rather than at the beginning of the planning period for a Blitz Policy (BP), (2) for an Advertising Pulsing/Maintenance Policy (APMP), it is more lucrative for a firm to alternate between a lower level of advertising followed by higher level (low-high) in a cyclic manner rather than to cycle the opposite way (high-low), and (3) in the presence of an initial sales rate, the pattern of the optimal advertising policy determined by dynamic programming can be significantly different from its alternative counterpart in its absence. In addition, it has been demonstrated, among other theoretical findings, that, for any given mean rate of advertising, the mean sales is bounded from below and is a decreasing function of the length of the planning horizon. Numerical examples are introduced to illustrate and reinforce the above research findings.\n      </p>", "Advertising is one of the key marketing tools managers have at their disposal to influence their customers into purchasing a new product. The overall objective of new product advertising is to inform and persuade customers. Drawing up an advertising plan for a new product that is under the influence of diffusion phenomenon is not an easy task. Hence, research in this area is very limited. In our research, we use an empirically proven diffusion demand function that explicitly incorporates the advertising component. Our results suggest that optimal advertising is determined by the advertising effectiveness, discount rate, and the ratio of advertisement to profits. Depending upon the interplay among these factors, the optimal advertising takes decrease-increase, increase-decrease, monotonically increasing or monotonically decreasing shape.\n      </p>", "Well over $1 billion was spent on televised political advertising in the U.S. in 2004. Given the ubiquity of the 30 second spot, one might presume that ads must affect viewers' vote choices. Somewhat surprisingly, though, scholars have yet to make much progress in confirming this claim. In this paper, we leverage a comprehensive dataset that tracks political ads in the nation's top media markets and a survey of presidential and U.S. Senate voters in 2004. We ask whether exposure to presidential and Senate advertising influences voters' evaluations of candidates and the choices that they make at the ballot box. In the end, we find considerable evidence that advertising persuades-and that its impact varies depending on the characteristics of the viewer.\n      </p>", "Multidimensional scaling and relating techniques have made it possible to produce \"product spaces\" in which the distances between products are related to their similarity. Though conceptually interesting, inference regarding advertising budgets is very difficult. On the other hand, present econometric analysis of sales and advertising histories provides models which help make advertising budgeting decisions but ignores brand similarities and substitution patterns. The model presented here combines explicitly the interbrand distances in the product space with econometric analysis. Advertising effectiveness is computed as an explicit function of budget and product position.\n      </p>", "UK general practitioners (GPs) are self-employed entrepreneurs running small businesses with commercial considerations. In this situation there is no clear distinction between information, self-promotion and advertising. In response to the growing public demand for more information about medical services, the medical profession should voluntarily accept the notion of soft self-promotion in the form of 'notices' or 'announcements' placed in newspapers. Newspapers are the most effective way of giving easy access to information. The resistance to newspapers may be more concerned with preserving certain medical traditions than consideration of the public interest. The General Medical Council's (GMC's) arguments against soft self-promotion are seen as misguided paternalism, inconsistent and irrational.\n      </p>", "This paper extends past studies of advertising based on goodwill to include the probabilistic effects of advertising and forgetting. A stochastic advertising model for a monopoly firm is constructed and resolved for specific forms of feedback advertising policy. Further, a diffusion-approximation model is also suggested. Using these models, we derive optimum advertising policies of the open-loop and feedback type. The essential implications of the paper are: (i) advertising is a \"risky investment\" in goodwill, substituting current certain expenditures for uncertain profits; (ii) risk-averse firms will advertise less and risk-taking firms more; (iii) large risk-aversion and forgetting rates both lead to the standard competitive result in advertising.\n      </p>", "Closed-loop (perfect) equilibria in a Lanchester duopoly differential game of advertising competition are used as the basis for empirical investigation. Two systems of simultaneous nonlinear equations are formed, one from a general Lanchester model and one from a constrained model. Two empirical applications are conducted. In one involving Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola, a formal statistical testing procedure is used to detect whether closed-loop equilibrium advertising strategies are used by the competitors rather than open-loop strategies. In the second application, involving Anheuser-Busch and Miller, the general model is estimated. Results indicate that closed-loop equilibria better explain dynamic advertising competition than do open-loop equilibria. Also, closed-loop equilibrium advertising strategies implied by model estimates show that competitive advertising levels may or may not be monotonic in market share.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a procedure useful in assessing the probability of an individual marketer profitably employing advertising to stimulate demand for products or services. The procedure is based on the classic factors which affect the ability of advertising to stimulate demand originally identified by Neil Borden (\"The Economics Effects of Advertising\"). This managerial approach provides strategic insights into the extent to which an individual firm should invest in advertising. In addition, the results of the procedure -- an advertising opportunity score -- provide the strategist with guidance in establishing advertising objectives and determining the portion of the total selling task which should be assigned to advertising.\n      </p>", "Concerns about advertising take one of two forms. Some people are worried that advertising threatens autonomous choice. Others are worried not about autonomy but about the values spread by advertising as a powerful institution. I suggest that this bifurcation stems from misunderstanding autonomy. When one turns from autonomous choice to autonomy of persons, or what is often glossed as self-rule, then one has reason to think that advertising poses a moral problem of a sort so far unrecognized. I diagnose this problem using Charles Taylor's work on \"strong evaluation\". This problem turns out to have political ramifications that have been only dimly recognized in business ethics circles.\n      </p>", "In recent years, artificial intelligence research has provided new tools and techniques for marketing model builders. These tools, when combined with problem-solving knowledge from a specific domain, can be used to create expert systems. This methodology is most applicable in semistructured problem domains where the key relationships are logical rather than numerical and problem-solving knowledge is incomplete. One such problem in marketing is advertising design. In this paper, we describe the application of expert system techniques to the development of ADCAD, a system designed to assist advertisers of consumer products with the formulation of advertising objectives, copy strategy, and the selection of communication approaches. The paper highlights the assembly of ADCAD's knowledge base of ad design heuristics from multiple sources of published research and practitioner expertise and describes its structure and content. We discuss the procedures and obstacles associated with building, implementing, and validating such an expert system. Our experiences with ADCAD suggest that knowledge-based systems have significant potential for the consolidation and integration of marketing knowledge as interactive input for decision makers. We conclude by noting several avenues for the future development of advertising expert systems.\n      </p>", "Given that most advertising campaigns attempt to target advertisements to a specified demographic or product usage group, it seems reasonable to demand a high correlation between exposure to the media and membership of the target group. A surprising result of this research is that this correlation peaks and then declines as the number of insertions or spots in the campaign increases. That is, there appears to be a wearout effect of target market advertising beyond a certain exposure level. A simple formula is derived that gives the optimal number of insertions in the advertising campaign for the strongest link between media exposure and membership of the target group.\n      </p>", "The equilibrium profit-maximizing advertising policies of firms operating in a dynamic duopoly are derived by linking in a single framework the econometric estimation of the market response function and the technique of differential games that characterizes dynamic competitive behavior. We use the Lanchester model of combat to represent the system dynamics that capture the competitive shifts due to investments in advertising by the two market rivals. We determine the equilibrium advertising levels using both closed- and open-loop policies. We also compare these equilibrium advertising policies for each firm to those obtained using an optimal control theory formulation wherein the advertising spending levels of the rival are assumed to be known. The empirical results obtained by analyzing the advertising rivalry between Coke and Pepsi for the period 1968-1981 under the above three alternative spending policies provide some interesting insights into the nature of competition between these two market rivals. A significant contribution of this paper is to extend the existing literature on advertising competition by integrating theoretical and empirical analyses.\n      </p>"], "words": {"code": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "sunk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cooperative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "welfare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "milk": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "increase": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disposal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "to": {"number": 44, "prob": 0.0003643756547375046}, "dairy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quarterly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stochastic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "include": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "implicitly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "induce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "puzzles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "every": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "categories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perceived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pulsing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stimulus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markov": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 84, "prob": 0.0006956262499534179}, "employing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "phones": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consistent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "past": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "even": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nonlinear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumers": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "specification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "version": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conduct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "net": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contrast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proliferation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "free": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "excess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cyclical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exemplified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infrequently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "products": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "advertising": {"number": 71, "prob": 0.0005879698065082461}, "usually": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "skepticism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "ineffectiveness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lowers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "useful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "campaign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formulates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tools": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "fee": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "consumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "taken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "today": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introducing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apparent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aware": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abundance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "account": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "word": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 21, "prob": 0.00017390656248835446}, "equation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modified": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "vs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "strategies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "arrive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industry": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "messages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "share": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "purchased": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimal": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "economy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "product": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "membership": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "date": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "response": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "advertisements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 51, "prob": 0.00042234450890028943}, "purchase": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "short": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "telephones": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "correlation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exclusive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preempt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statistical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tendency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perfect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "superior": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "derive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "group": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "probability": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "temporal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "article,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "versus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physicians": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "good": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "propose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anticipated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scaling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "multidimensional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "viewers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concave": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reasonable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "each": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disseminating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commodities,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increases": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distributor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "category": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "funding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "network": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "profit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "health": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disaggregate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "localization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "campaigns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allocation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "york": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflicts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incorporates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "language": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "created": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "could": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alcohol": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explored": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stimulate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "origin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "carryover": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "specifically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "message": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "city": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "new,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practitioners": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "construct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "returns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thoughts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "group,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peripheral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "asymmetric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explanation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continuous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diffusion": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "b": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "target": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cyclic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assume": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "providing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "have": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "exploratory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "self": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purchasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "take": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "online": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "new": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "concern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "channel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "techniques": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cigarette": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shareholder": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enduring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "segment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "class": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goodwill": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mobile": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "corporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "average": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "steady": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "blend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agreed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inconsistent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "impact": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equilibrium": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "fluid": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "actions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competing": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "policymakers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firms": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "elasticities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determinants": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tobacco": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "investigate": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "econometric": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "city,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intelligence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sensitivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "are": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "televised": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "voluntary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farmers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "artificial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "written": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "closed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simplest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "franchise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "supply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lanchester": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "period": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "combines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monthly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "west": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "due": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "strategy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "general": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "concerning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systematic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demand": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "prices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multi": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "uncertain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employ": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procedure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "counterpart,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 36, "prob": 0.00029812553569432196}, "comparative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "mediating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expenditures": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "media": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "cross": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "same": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumer": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "incumbent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflicting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "numerical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "producers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "driven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequently": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "scholars": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "focal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "poultry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "persuasive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "arising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scientists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "researchers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seasonal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advertiser": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "when": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "guided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competitive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "correspondences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differentiation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alternative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "profitable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conclusions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extends": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "usage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "profitably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sequential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "digital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disagreement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "advertising,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effectiveness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cognitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standardization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "informative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stationary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "classical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "growth": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "specified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "duration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advertise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provided": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "broad": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decision": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "legal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measuring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marketing": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "consuming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relating": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "by": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "on": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "about": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "goods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 77, "prob": 0.000637657395790633}, "dollars": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "citizens": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entrants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "germany": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "managers": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "billions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "speculated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spending": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "probabilistic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brand": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "failure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "game": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "promote": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "made": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "places": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "devices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maturity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "constant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "homogenous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "year": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sales": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "an": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "budget": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "model,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "face": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "functions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assessing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "role": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "papers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "erosion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develops": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "important": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "brands": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aggregated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposure": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "lead": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calls": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "duopoly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}