{"total_words": 1543, "documents": ["While inadequate food and communicable infectious diseases have been a concern of researchers and policy makers in Africa, little attention has been given to obesity and chronic, non-communicable diseases. Africa is not usually associated with obesity and chronic diseases. Yet there has been a sharp rise in the incidence of obesity and chronic diseases, a major public health problem in many countries. The paper examines the impact of obesity on the prevalence of four doctor-diagnosed chronic diseases in Senegal and South Africa. The results reveal that obese respondents were 4.7, 2.8, and 4.8% more likely to face the risks of arthritis, diabetes, and heart diseases in South Africa and 6.5 and 7.4% more likely to face the risks of heart disease and asthma in Senegal than their lean counterparts. Obesity imposes a real and substantial danger, affecting the prevalence of chronic diseases. Unchecked it can be a major public health problem, impose a serious challenge to the health sector, and can jeopardize future developments.\n      </p>", "The principle concern of the present study is to examine how the member states of the Southern African Development Co-ordination Conference (SADCC) would be affected by an external trade boycott imposed against South Africa. Focus is concentrated upon the level of economic interdependence within southern Africa through an analysis of trading transactions, the export of migrant workers and the communications network. Pretoria's economic and military superiority within southern Africa has resulted in a geography of dependence on South Africa. The level of dependence on South Africa is spatially varied throughout the region and is of crucial significance in assessing how sanctions against South Africa will affect SADCC member states.\n      </p>", "As the exception on the continent, southern Africa has no Neolithic period. In the 1920s, when the term came to mean Stone Age with food production, Neolithic was dropped in South Africa for lack of evidence for farming or herding in Stone Age sites. But since the late 1960s many sheep bones have surfaced in just such sites. Now, the continued absence of a Neolithic may say more about the politics of South African archaeology than about its prehistory. This paper describes food production in the southern African late Stone Age and argues in favor of (re-)introducing the term Neolithic to the subcontinent.\n      </p>", "Peak flowering by the total flora of Africa coincides with or immediately follows peak rainfall. Flowering intensity of the total flora decreases with distance from the equator, but that of the honeybee plant resource base (\u00b12% of total flora) does not. Flowering in the latter is highly synchronous (months 1-5 north of and 9-11 south of the equator). Both total and honeybee flora are completely incongruent with either the biomes or phytochoria of Africa. There is no significant correspondence between honeybee phenology and the total flora but significant correspondence occurs between honeybees and flowering in honeybee plant genera. A logistic regression model reveals that honeybee plant flowering predicts major honeybee colony events with a probability of 0.81 south of the equator and 0.71 for the whole continent. It is postulated that promiscuity in the bee plant genera and honeybees of Africa have contributed to their continental ubiquity.\n      </p>", "The status of wetland inventory effort and availability of maps and other data sources is reviewed for the ten countries of southern Africa: Angola, Botswana, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Zambia and Zimbabwe. The aims and strategies for inventory are discussed and the main survey methods compared. Prior to commissioning new inventory work, careful collation of existing maps and imagery is recommended together with targeting of strategic inventory at Province level, reserving high resolution effort only for certain important sites.\n      </p>", "The Flora of Tropical East Africa, a project started in 1949, is to be finished in 2006. Over twelve thousand species in 249 families will be accounted for; this relatively small region encompasses a large number of highly diverse habitats, which results in a rich biodiversity. A brief overview of habitats is given, and local endemism is discussed. The second section deals with the strategy of the Flora; its use and its users, and its raison d'\u00eatre. Also discussed are some possible action plans for when the Flora has been finished, and a trial family is treated for a suggested new Flora of Tropical Africa. /// La 'Flora of Tropical East Africa', un projet qui a d\u00e9but\u00e9 en 1949, sera termin\u00e9e en 2006. Environ 12.000 esp\u00e8ces r\u00e9parties au sein de 249 familles y auront \u00e9t\u00e9 trait\u00e9es; cette r\u00e9gion relativement petite est caract\u00e9ris\u00e9e par une riche biodiversit\u00e9, r\u00e9sultat de la diversit\u00e9 des habitats qu'elle renferme. Un bref aper\u00e7u des habitats est donn\u00e9 et l'end\u00e9misme local est discut\u00e9. La seconde partie concerne la strat\u00e9gie de la Flore, son utilisation et ses utilisateurs ainsi que sa raison d'\u00eatre. Quelques plans d'action envisageables apr\u00e8s finalisation de la Flore sont \u00e9galement discut\u00e9s et le traitement d'une famille \u00e0 titre exemplatif pr\u00e9figure ce que pourrait \u00eatre une nouvelle Flore d'Afrique Tropicale. Traduit par le journal.\n      </p>", "African archaeology has primarily been concerned with precolonial Africa. Consequently, the archaeology of colonial and postcolonial Africa has been neglected, in spite of the fundamental importance of how Africa's relationships with Eurasia after 1488 shaped its history. Although the slave trade was an important aspect of post-sixteenth century experiences of Africans, current research methodologies make the archaeology of slavery in Africa nearly impossible because evidence of the slave trade or slavery-including slave quarters, cemeteries, holding areas, shackles, and dungeons-can be interpreted in various ways. In this article I argue that the archaeology of slavery and the slave trade in Africa is possible. Like history and economics, archaeology is well placed to investigate slavery in Africa as it already does effectively in the Americas. Using the study of defensive rock shelters in Southeast Kenya as an example, I propose that the systematic archaeology of slavery in Africa is not only possible, but also should break new grounds and develop an innovative methodology for studying slavery. /// L'arch\u00e9ologie africaine a \u00e9t\u00e9 principalement concern\u00e9e par l'Afrique pr\u00e9coloniale. Par cons\u00e9quent, l'arch\u00e9ologie de l'Afrique coloniale et postcoloniale a \u00e9t\u00e9 oubli\u00e9e, malgr\u00e9 l'importance fondamentale de la fa\u00e7on dont les rapports de l'Afrique avec Eurasia apr\u00e8s 1488 ont trac\u00e9 son histoire. Bien que le commerce d'esclaves soit un aspect important des exp\u00e9riences africaines du post-seizi\u00e8me si\u00e8cle, les m\u00e9thodologies courantes de recherches rendent l'arch\u00e9ologie de l'esclavage en Afrique presque impossible car l'\u00e9vidence du commerce ou de l'esclavage - comprenant les quarts, les cimeti\u00e8res, les camps, des cachots, et des donjons des esclaves - peut \u00eatre interpr\u00e9t\u00e9 de diverses mani\u00e8res. Dans cet article, j'argue du fait que l'arch\u00e9ologie de l'esclavage et le commerce d'esclaves en Afrique est possible. Comme l'histoire et les sciences \u00e9conomiques, l'arch\u00e9ologie est bien plac\u00e9e pour effectuer l'\u00e9tude de l'esclavage en Afrique comme elle l'est d\u00e9j\u00e0 efficacement en Am\u00e9rique. En utilisant l'\u00e9tude des abris rocheux d\u00e9fensifs au Kenya du sud-est comme exemple, je propose que la syst\u00e9matique de l'arch\u00e9ologie de l'esclavage en Afrique est non seulement possible, mais devrait \u00e9galement permettre de franchir de nouveaux pas et de d\u00e9velopper une m\u00e9thodologie innovatrice dans l'\u00e9tude de l'esclavage.\n      </p>", "Most analyses of apartheid labor policy focus on the regulation of the labor market rather than the industrial workplace. Instead, this article investigates the administration of South Africa's 1953 Native Labour (Settlement of Disputes) Act to examine shop-floor control rather than influx control. The article argues that in response to the threat of African trade unionism, apartheid policymakers in the Department of Labour addressed the problem of low African wages and expanded the use of 'works committees'. By shifting the debate about capitalism and apartheid away from influx control and migrant labor, and towards industrial legislation and shop-floor conflict, the article places working-class struggle at the center of an analysis of apartheid.\n      </p>", "Despite the antiquity of domestic cattle in the Sahara-Sahel, archaeological evidence from two sub-Saharan regions indicates that the first pastoralist colonization of sub-Saharan Africa may not have proceeded so smoothly as modern appearances suggest. The first appearance of cattle-based economies seems to have been delayed by as much as a thousand years after the first appearance of small stock, in both eastern and southern Africa. This article reviews the relevant archaeological evidence and argues that the lag in successful introduction of cattle stems from new animal diseases encountered by pastoral colonists entering biogeographic zones south of the Sahel. Diseases that are often fatal to cattle, including wildebeest-derived malignant catarrhal fever (WD-MCF), East Coast fever (ECF), foot-and-mouth disease (FMD), and Rift Valley fever (RVF), as well as trypanosomiasis, are described as probable barriers to the early entry of cattle-based economies into these regions. /// Malgr\u00e9 l'antiquit\u00e9 des animaux domestiques dans le Sahara-Sahel, les donn\u00e9es arch\u00e9ologique de deux r\u00e9gions subsahariennes indiquent que les premi\u00e8res colonisations pastoraux des zones au sud du Sahel ne se propag\u00e8rent pas aussi promptement que sugg\u00e8rent les apparences actuelles. En l'Afrique orientale et en l'Afrique du sud, l'apparition d'\u00e9conomies bas\u00e9es sur l'\u00e9levage des gros bovins para\u00eet \u00eatre retard\u00e9e de quelque mille ans par rapport \u00e0 l'apparition des petits ruminants domestiques dans ces m\u00eames r\u00e9gions. L'article recense les donn\u00e9es arch\u00e9ologiques pertinentes et propose que le d\u00e9lai de l'introduction effective des gros bovins f\u00fbt caus\u00e9e par des nouvelles maladies v\u00e9t\u00e9rinaires rencontr\u00e9es par les premiers colonisateurs pastoraux entrant dans les zones biog\u00e9ographiques au sud du Sahel. Des maladies fr\u00e9quemment fatales aux gros bovins, telle que le coryza gangreneux, la th\u00e8leriose, la fi\u00e8vre aphteuse, l'arbovirus des Bunyaviridae, aussi bien que la trypanosomiase, sont propos\u00e9es comme des obstacles probables \u00e0 la diffusion des \u00e9conomies \u00e0 gros bovins dans ces r\u00e9gions.\n      </p>", "This article examines the relationship between political change and university students' sense of identity in South Africa during a 10-year period. Prior to 1994, identity in South Africa was largely based on ethnicity and language; is this still the case today? The new government has not only forced people to face changes in political issues but also changes in identification issues. Nowhere are these issues more striking than in an institution of higher learning, where students from diverse ethnic backgrounds are unified by a similar goal-an education. In an attempt to address the issue of identification, a survey was conducted at Rand Afrikaans University in Johannesburg, South Africa, to determine if the change in government is causing a change in how people perceive themselves.\n      </p>", "The promotion of tourism has been identified as a key strategy that can lead to economic upliftment, community development and poverty relief in the developing world. In the last few years, tourism has also emerged as a significant development option in post-apartheid South Africa. In the context of some current debates on tourism in poor countries, the paper examines how economic, social and environmental resources are being utilized to promote tourism as a local economic development strategy in South Africa, and more specifically it focuses on current local government endeavours in this regard and two communities that have suffered the loss of their economic resource base. Tourism-based development initiatives, one in KwaZulu-Natal and one in the Western Cape, are evaluated in the context of generating economic growth, alleviating poverty and addressing the apartheid legacy of discrimination and inequality. The significance of the dynamics of development processes involved in these initiatives has much wider relevance for local economic development, both within South Africa and elsewhere.\n      </p>", "Dacryodes camerunensis Onana (Burseraceae) from central Africa is described, illustrated, mapped and its conservation status and affinities assessed. Formerly it was confused with Dacryodes klaineana (Pierre) Lam. A key to Dacryodes in central Africa (Cameroon, Congo (Brazzaville) and Gabon) is presented.\n      </p>", "In recent years considerable concern has been expressed, from within and outside the continent, about the standard of official statistics in Africa. This has prompted the question of how effective the training of African statisticians has been. This paper describes findings from studies of current supply and future demand for statistics training in Angola, Botswana, Ethiopia, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe, carried out in 1993 and 1994. Recommendations for future development of training systems are given. These include strengthening in-service training in national statistics organizations and developing regional courses for professional statisticians.\n      </p>", "Women planners in Africa do not constitute a critical mass: their numbers remain negligible and their output unrecognised, while mentors and role models still tend to be male. Women's experiences are undervalued, and their knowledge is often excluded in policy, project planning, and implementation. This article arises not from systematic academic research but from confessional, reflective, pilot research based on personal experience and the experiences reported by 25 women planners between 1999 and 2004. It deliberately seeks to break the monotony of drawing from survey results which are often detached from experiential and emotional encounters. Using anecdotal material from Kenya, Nigeria, South Africa, Uganda, and Zimbabwe, it examines the training and professional environment of the 'planneress': and discusses the emotions, expectations, and experiences of female planners in everyday encounters.\n      </p>", "Clearly, the forced removal of Africans from White-designated areas during apartheid in South Africa is not unique to world history. So, what can be learned from studying a group of rural Africans living in a communal arrangement for 1,000 years or more? By investigating the case of the removal of African people from the Lake Bhangazi area within Greater St. Lucia Wetland Park in South Africa from 1956 through 1974, light can be shed on one aspect of forced migration. This may lead to an understanding of other forced movements of people throughout world history. It may also provide a better understanding of the rural phase of forced removals during apartheid. Most South African studies have focused on urban removals. The following article is the story of the people from Lake Bhangazi in KwaZulu-Natal set within the broad context of South African apartheid and \"black spot\" removal.\n      </p>", "The article adopts the approach of a group biography in discussing the careers and ambitions of early black South African doctors selecting both those trained abroad, and the first cohorts trained within South Africa who graduated at the Universities of Cape Town and the Witwatersrand from 1945-6. It focuses on the ambiguities involved, by looking at tensions between professional altruism and entrepreneurialism in pursuing a medical career, as well as that between self-interest and selflessness in attempting to balance the requirements of a medical practice against those involved in political leadership. The paper highlights the significance of the political leadership given by black doctors in the mid-twentieth century and indicates the price paid for this in loss of medical resources under the apartheid regime. Two annexes provide original data on the medical and political contributions of individuals.\n      </p>", "Southernmost Africa (here meaning South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland) provides an excellent opportunity for investigating the relations between farming, herding and hunting-gathering communities over the past 2,000 years, as well as the development of societies committed to food production and their increasing engagement with the wider world through systems of exchange spanning the Atlantic and Indian Oceans. This paper surveys and evaluates the archaeological research relevant to these communities and issues carried out in the region since the early 1990s. Among other themes discussed are the processes responsible for the emergence and transformation of pastoralist societies (principally in the Cape), the ways in which rock art is increasingly being incorporated with other forms of archaeological data to build a more socially informed view of the past, the analytical strength and potential of ethnographically informed understandings of past farming societies and the important contribution that recent research on the development of complex societies in the Shashe-Limpopo Basin can make to comparative studies of state formation.\n      </p>", "New geomorphological evidence from satellite images is interpreted in the light of recent work on Quaternary desert advance in West and Central Africa to suggest that regions currently supporting tropical lowland rain forest were during the Quaternary period, covered by windblown sand in the form of linear desert dunes. The evidence suggests that the last glacial advance at approximately 18kyr BP was not the most extensive and that the Sahara, like the Kalahari, extended to within one or two degrees of the Equator during the Quaternary period. Thus the southern limit of fossil dunes at the West African coast is not a climatic limit. Since desert dunes indicate the minimum former extent of desert conditions, the findings have implications for Pleistocene refugia in Africa and may explain both the relative paucity and high degree of endemism observed among African biota.\n      </p>", "This review explores recent research that moves away from conventional preoccupations with origins and independent innovation in African Iron Age archaeology. Critiques of cultural evolutionary formulations and empirically robust case studies combine to shape new concerns with the following: the variable expressions of complexity in time and space; the mosaic quality of social, political economic, and technological landscapes; and the effects of global entanglements over the last millennium. Ongoing research in western and eastern Africa highlights the dynamism of political economic arrangements over the last two millennia and reminds us that configurations enshrined in twentieth-century ethnography represent but a moment in the dynamic history of African societies.\n      </p>", "In the founding of the nation, in conflicts with the Boers and the Cape administration, and in resistance to incorporation in an apartheid South Africa, Lesotho has a history of struggle which strengthens national identity. It suffers, however, from geopolitically conferred dependence, a very weak resource base, and the limited legitimacy of post-colonial governments since 1970. Discussion of relevant theoretical considerations suggests that these provide no obstacle to the maintenance of Basotho identity within a larger nation-state. In the context of Lesotho's existing ties with South Africa and its peripheral position in the southern African space-economy, the paper asks who would gain and who would lose from incorporation. Four population categories are distinguished: migrant workers and their families; families without a breadwinner in South Africa; those in Lesotho without formal employment, and their families; and the civil service, political and military \u00e9lites. A distinction is drawn between the effects of incorporation on individuals and on the territorial entity of the state. For most Basotho, the current advantages of sovereignty are probably outweighed by those of incorporation as a tenth province or in combination with South Africa's Free State province. The probable reaction of Pretoria to proposed incorporation is briefly discussed.\n      </p>", "The African Plant Checklist and Database Project (APCD) provides botanists with the first angiosperm checklist and database for Sub-Saharan Africa. This was achieved by merging the existing datasets for Southern and Tropical Africa. The checklist is published as a one-off hardcopy publication. The database, with all attached additional inforamtion, is freely accessible via the internet and will be regularly updated. The APCD, for the first time, gives accurate statistics for the angiosperm flora of Sub-Saharan Africa. There are 50,136 current taxa (representing approximately 44,830 species) in the database, plus an additional 393 taxa where there are discrepancies in genus concept between the two original datasets. Taxa are classified into 274 families and 3,802 current genera. Several other important statistics can also be drawn from the database. Furthermore, by pointing out problems and discrepancies in taxonomic opinion, the APCD highlights taxa where further research is necessary. The APCD will be an invaluable tool to botanists working on the African flora. It also has an important role to play in greater projects such as the Global Plant Checklist Project and has already emerged as a nomenclatural standard for the African Plants Initiative.\n      </p>", "A new Athyrium species, A. crassicaule J. P. Roux (Woodsiaceae), is described from the Drakensberg in Lesotho and South Africa. A key to the Athyrium species in Lesotho, South Africa and Swaziland is provided.\n      </p>", "A synoptic revision is presented for the genus Dacryodes Vahl in Africa. The studies are based on examination of herbarium material. Eighteen species are recognised, including two not well known due to poor material. The new species Dacryodes villiersiana Onana is described and illustrated. The conservation status of the species is discussed following the categories and criteria of IUCN (2001).\n      </p>", "Medical abortion is safe and effective and has been approved for use in early termination of pregnancy in South Africa since 2001. The Department of Health is currently considering its introduction in the public health sector. The attitudes of women seeking abortion and of health care providers towards medical abortion have not previously been described. Data were derived from a quantitative survey of 673 women attending abortion services in the provinces of Gauteng, Mpumalanga and the Western Cape. In-depth interviews in Soweto and Cape Town were conducted with 20 public health doctors, nurses, a social worker and facility managers, and in Cape Town with four provincial policymakers. Although medical abortion was not yet being offered, 21% of women interviewed were early enough in pregnancy (eight weeks or less) to be eligible for medical abortion. Access to health facilities, including those for abortion, was reasonable for urban women but more limited for rural women. Rural women also incurred greater travel costs to reach a facility. Most women thought medical abortion would be acceptable and would have been willing to try it, had it been available. Policymakers and providers were supportive, as they felt medical abortion could relieve the burden on current services. How to increase access to abortion services in rural areas needs to be addressed. /// L'avortement m\u00e9dicamenteux est s\u00fbr et efficace et son utilisation a \u00e9t\u00e9 approuv\u00e9e pour l'interruption pr\u00e9coce de grossesse en Afrique du Sud en 2001. Le D\u00e9partement de la sant\u00e9 envisage son introduction dans le secteur de la sant\u00e9 publique. Les attitudes des femmes souhaitant avorter et des prestataires de soins de sant\u00e9 \u00e0 l'\u00e9gard de l'avortement m\u00e9dicamenteux n'ont jamais \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9crites. Les donn\u00e9es proviennent d'une enqu\u00eate quantitative aupr\u00e8s de 673 femmes s'\u00e9tant rendues dans les centres d'avortement des provinces du Gauteng, du Mpumalanga et du Cap-Occidental. Des entretiens ont \u00e9t\u00e9 r\u00e9alis\u00e9s \u00e0 Soweto et au Cap avec 20 m\u00e9decins de sant\u00e9 publique, des infirmi\u00e8res, un travailleur social et des directeurs de centres, et au Cap avec quatre responsables provinciaux. Bien que l'avortement m\u00e9dicamenteux ne soit pas encore propos\u00e9, 21% des femmes interrog\u00e9es pouvaient y pr\u00e9tendre (huiti\u00e8me semaine de grossesse ou moins). L'acc\u00e8s aux centres de sant\u00e9, y compris ceux pour l'avortement, \u00e9tait satisfaisant pour les femmes urbaines, mais plus limit\u00e9 pour les rurales. Il \u00e9tait \u00e9galement plus on\u00e9reux pour les femmes rurales de se rendre dans un centre. La plupart des femmes pensaient que l'avortement m\u00e9dicamenteux \u00e9tait acceptable et auraient voulu l'essayer, s'il avait \u00e9t\u00e9 disponible. Les d\u00e9cideurs et les praticiens les soutenaient, car ils pensaient que l'avortement m\u00e9dicamenteux pouvait all\u00e9ger la charge des services actuels. Il faut \u00e9tudier comment \u00e9largir l'acc\u00e8s aux services d'avortement dans les zones rurales. /// El aborto con medicamentos es seguro y eficaz. En 2001 fue aprobado para la interrupci\u00f3n temprana del embarazo en Sud\u00e1frica, donde el Departamento de Salud est\u00e1 pensando realizar su lanzamiento en el sector de salud p\u00fablica. Nunca antes se hab\u00edan descrito las actitudes de las mujeres y de los prestadores de servicios de salud hacia el aborto con medicamentos. Se recolectaron datos por medio de una encuesta cuantitativa entre 673 mujeres que recibieron servicios de aborto en las provincias de Gauteng, Mpumalanga y el Cabo Occidental. En Soweto y Ciudad Cabo se realizaron entrevistas a profundidad con 20 m\u00e9dicos, enfermeras, una trabajadora social y gerentes de salud p\u00fablica, y en Cape Town con cuatro formuladores de pol\u00edticas provinciales. Aunque a\u00fan no se estaba ofreciendo el aborto con medicamentos, el 21% de las mujeres entrevistadas eran elegibles para \u00e9ste, ya que ten\u00edan una gestaci\u00f3n de ocho semanas o menos. El acceso a los establecimientos de salud era razonable para las mujeres urbanas pero m\u00e1s limitado para las rurales, quienes incurrieron en mayores gastos de viaje para llegar a ellos. El aborto con medicamentos fue aceptado por la mayor\u00eda de las mujeres, quienes habr\u00edan estado dispuestas a intentarlo si hubiera estado disponible. Los formuladores de pol\u00edticas y los proveedores brindaron su apoyo, ya que cre\u00edan que el aborto con medicamentos podr\u00eda aliviar la carga de los servicios actuales. Se debe pensar en c\u00f3mo ampliar el acceso a los servicios de aborto en las zonas rurales.\n      </p>", "The South African homelands were central to the apartheid ideology of racial segregation and separate development and as a result became the location for large segments of the African population. Apartheid-era theorizations of the homelands tended to emphasize their importance to the state, with less attention directed to the divergent and unique social formations that often existed within them. Recent geographical research has been intent on evaluating the spatial imprint of these geographies for resident populations, as well as the varied class, gendered, and institutional formations that accompanied the democratic transition. Using a case study from the former KaNgwane homeland, this article examines the diverse ways in which rural households access environmental and economic resources to produce livelihoods. It is argued that a focus on community variation is needed to interrogate the differential encounters of these places with the local politics and development processes that are emerging in the new South Africa.\n      </p>", "At the southern tip of Africa, culmination of one of the world's great population shifts is there for the witnessing: a southward movement of Bantu-speaking Black Africans, previously stalled in South Africa's Eastern Cape first by climatic factors and later by European-imposed racial segregation. Cape Town, throughout its demographic history a \"Coloured\" and \"White\" city, is now Africanizing. Liberation from apartheid has brought rapid African influx, and the metropolitan population has more than doubled in less than twenty years. Sociocultural tensions and sociocultural possibilities ensue.\n      </p>", "Using data from Demographic and Health Surveys, we examine the composition of households containing older adults in 24 countries of sub-Saharan Africa, with a focus on those living with children and grandchildren. Overall, 59 per cent live with a child and 46 per cent with a grandchild. Men are more likely to live in nuclear households and women in extended households and alone. Regression analyses show that individual-level determinants of household composition differ by sex. For example, living with children and grandchildren is tied to living with a spouse for men, but for women the effect is either not significant or in the opposite direction. Households with an older adult and a grandchild, but no adult children, are common. Usually the adult child lives elsewhere, though about 8 per cent of older adults live with a grandchild who has at least one deceased parent. Older adults are more likely to be living with doubleorphans in countries with high AIDS-related mortality.\n      </p>", "Lesser Flamingos (Phoeniconaias minor) occur mainly in Africa where they breed on isolated and often inhospitable soda lakes in the Rift Valley (East Africa), and on old lake beds in southern Africa (Botswana and Namibia). Controversy surrounds 2 aspects of their ecology: (1) whether populations are stable or declining, and (2) whether East African and southern African populations are genetically isolated. Here I review evidence showing that declines may be as high as 21% over 2 decades for African populations (5.10 million to 3.99 million present day), and 27% for southern African populations (55,000-40,000 birds in 20 years). Similarity in these declines, based on different sources of evidence, suggest the declines are real and not artifacts. Evidence for disjunct populations in East and southern Africa was based on (1) a presumed energetic inability to fly the 2,200 km from Natron (Tanzania) to Sua Pan (Botswana), (2) no evidence of birds landing in areas midway between the 2 areas, and (3) no evidence for birds flying north (or south). However, because resident southern African populations never exceed 55,000 birds, the 1 million birds reliably estimated from Etosha (Namibia) in 1971, and the 1.7 million birds reported from Sua Pan in 1974, show that birds must have come from elsewhere. Simultaneous declines in East African populations suggest an exodus from the Rift Valley. Research has also shown that flamingos deposit fat as do other migratory birds, allowing them to cover the distance nonstop. Night flights and alternative coastal routes through Mozambique would reduce the likelihood that birds would be seen migrating. Finally, an influx of thousands of young Lesser Flamingos into Kenya-Tanzania was reported in April-May 1997, when no breeding was known. At that time thousands of birds had been breeding on Sua Pan. The evidence, therefore, suggests both a population decline and constant movement between the 2 main breeding areas in East and southern Africa. /// El flamenco menor (Phoeniconaias minor) ocurre mayormente en \u00c1frica donde se reproduce en lagunas saladas aisladas y frecuentemente inh\u00f3spitas el Valle del Rift (\u00c1frica oriental), y en las cuencas secas de las lagunas en la parte sur de \u00c1frica (Botswana y Namibia). Dos aspectos de su ecolog\u00eda son pol\u00e9micos: (1) si las poblaciones son estables \u00f3 est\u00e1n disminuyendo y (2) si las poblaciones del este y del sur de \u00c1frica son aisladas gen\u00e9ticamente. Aqu\u00ed yo hago una rese\u00f1a de la evidencia que demuestra disminuciones que, a lo largo de 20 a\u00f1os, pueden ser tan altas como 21% para las poblaciones africanas (de 5.1 a 3.99 millones actualmente), y 27% para poblaciones de la parte sur de \u00c1frica (de 55.000 a 40.000 individuos en 20 a\u00f1os). En base a distintas fuentes de evidencia, estas disminuciones parecen ser reales y no artefactos. La evidencia para la separaci\u00f3n de las poblaciones en el este y el sur de \u00c1frica fue basada en (1) la presumida inabilidad energ\u00e9tica de volar los 2.200 km de Natron (Tanzania) a Sua (Botswana), (2) la falta de observaciones de flamencos en \u00e1reas entre estas dos \u00e1reas, y (3) no existen observaciones de flamencos volando hacia el norte (o sur). Sin embargo, como poblaciones residentes en el sur de \u00c1frica nunca superan los 55.000 individuos, el mill\u00f3n de flamencos estimado confiablemente en Etosha (Namibia) en 1971 y los 1.7 millones registrados en Sua Pan en 1974 demuestran que estos individuos tienen que haber provenido de otra parte. Desminuciones simult\u00e1neas en poblaciones en el este de \u00c1frica sugieren un \u00e9xodo del valle Rift. Las investigaciones han demostrado que los flamencos depositan grasa como las aves migratorias, lo cual les permite cubrir la distancia sin hacer escalas. Los vuelos nocturnos y el uso de rutas costeras alternativas por Mozambique reducir\u00edan la probabilidad de observar a estas aves durante la migraci\u00f3n. Finalmente, se registr\u00f3 la llegada de miles de juveniles de flamenco menor a Kenya y Tanzania en abril-mayo de 1997, cuando se supone que no hubo reproducci\u00f3n all\u00ed. En ese momento, miles de flamencos hab\u00edan estado nidificando en Sua Pan. La evidencia demuestra tanto una disminuci\u00f3n en la poblaci\u00f3n y un movimiento constante entre las dos \u00e1reas principales de reproducci\u00f3n en el este y sur de \u00c1frica.\n      </p>", "The spatiotemporal distribution of seashells and ostrich eggshell in the Later Stone Age of southeastern southern Africa is used to infer several areas of social interaction. The inferred patterns are supported by comparisons with preferences for lithic raw materials and the distribution of bifacial stone arrows. /// Plusiers zones de l'interaction sociale sont d\u00e9duites des distributions chronologiques et spatiales de la coquillage et de la coquille de'autruche de l'Age de la Pierre R\u00e9cent au sud-est de l'Afrique australe. Ces distributions sont soutenues des pr\u00e9f\u00e9rences pour des mati\u00e8res premi\u00e8res lithiques et de la distribution des fl\u00e8ches bifaciales de la pierre.\n      </p>", "This paper examines rural livelihoods and the prospects for participatory conservation through a case study of Qwaqwa National Park (QNP) in South Africa. The park was established in 1992 in the context of South Africa's transition to democracy, growing ecotourism in the country and global movements towards conservation involving and benefiting local people. The paper argues that the protracted conflict between park residents and management led to new patterns of livelihood activities and household formation, and resulted in material and social differentiation amongst park households. The goals of park management, with a commitment to nature conservation and ecotourism, were at odds with the livelihood practices of park residents. Conflicts arose over stocking levels, overgrazing, wood-cutting and deforestation and over the use of other natural resources, including water and medicinal plants. The park was the site of a Rand Water project that employed many residents. Residents found themselves between a rock and a hard place as they resisted attempts by the management to reduce stocking levels and yet relied on management to gain access to sources of paid employment.\n      </p>", "Low teacher motivation and its detrimental effect on student achievement are central problems of many \u00e9ducation Systems in Africa. Using standardized data for student achievement in Burkina Faso, Cameroon, C\u00f4te d'Ivoire, Madagascar and Senegal, this paper analyzes the empirical links between various policy measures, teacher job satisfaction and primary \u00e9ducation outeomes. It appears that there is only very limited \u00e9vidence for the effectiveness of intensively debated and costly measures such as reducing class size, increasing acad\u00e9mie qualification requirements, and increasing teachers salaries. Other, simpler measures such as an increased provision of textbooks are both more effective and less costly. It also appears that teacher job satisfaction and \u00e9ducation qualiry are not necessarily complementary objectives. Especially those measures ensuring control and incentive related working conditions for teachers, significantly increase student achievement while reducing teacher job satisfaction. In addition, teachers' acad\u00e9mie qualification beyond the \"baccalaur\u00e9at\", while beneficiai for students' learning, tends to lead to a mismatch between teachers' expectations and Professional realities, and thereby reduces teachers' job satisfaction.\n      </p>", "Very little is known about the reproductive biology of the Namaqua rock mouse (Aethomys namaquensis), despite its wide distribution and its being a major component of small mammal communities in southern Africa. Consequently, body mass, reproductive-tract morphometrics, gonadal histology, and plasma progesterone and 17\u03b2-estradiol concentrations in females, and plasma testosterone concentration in males were studied over 12 consecutive months in wild-caught A. namaquensis from a population in northeastern South Africa in an attempt to gain insight on the pattern of reproduction in the species. The number of graafian follicles and corpora lutea, and plasma progesterone and 17\u03b2-estradiol concentrations in 102 females increased significantly between September and early March relative to between April and August. Gravid and lactating females were observed between October and early March, whereas no lactating females were recorded between April and September. Although testicular mass relative to body mass, testicular volume, seminiferous tubule diameter, and circulating plasma testosterone concentration increased significantly between September and February relative to between March and August, little or no spermatogenesis or presence of sperm in the epididymis were observed between March and September. Examination of these data suggests that the Namaqua rock mouse in northeastern South Africa is a seasonal breeder, with reproduction confined to the rainy summer months of the Southern Hemisphere when nutritional supplies are abundant.\n      </p>", "The agricultural production 'crisis' in Sub-Saharan Africa is manifested mainly in a fall in export crop and commercial food production, apart from food supply problems in individual countries as a result of drought, war or civil unrest. Major constraints include limited use of modern agricultural inputs, land tenure problems, seasonal production bottlenecks, poverty and lack of capital, the risks of depending on the market, lack of government financial support, government indifference and high levels of taxation, low food produce prices, competition of cheap food imports and food Aid, world recession, declining agricultural terms of trade and international debt. Attempts to promote rural development and investment in smallholder production by the World Bank have not, on the whole, succeeded and have been followed by the structural adjustment programmes of the Bank and the IMF which have done little for agriculture. Few African countries can achieve food security by reliance on imports. Most need to increase production and reduce costs. Unfortunately, in the present political and economic situation it is hard to see how the required agricultural transformation can be achieved.\n      </p>", "In exploring the relationship between the physical environment, human survival and cultural transformation, this paper brings together three themes in the history of development thought. It discusses the links between geography and imperial emigration from Britain during the years surrounding 1900. Reference is made to the ways in which theories of acclimatization were used to support a selective process of British overseas settlement in the interests of 'progress'. In the case of South Africa, attention focuses on climate's therapeutic role in the prospect of improved health. It is argued that within this region an essential part of human acclimatization was the creation of a landscape of social control. This involved harnessing modern science and technology together with the supposedly unique skills of women.\n      </p>", "The advent of democracy in South Africa in 1994 created a unique opportunity for new laws and policies to be passed. Today, a decade later, South African reproductive health policies and the laws that underwrite them are among the most progressive and comprehensive in the world in terms of the recognition that they give to human rights, including sexual and reproductive rights. This paper documents the changes in health policy and services that have occurred, focusing particularly on key areas of sexual and reproductive health: contraception, maternal health, termination of pregnancy, cervical and breast cancer, gender-based and sexual violence, HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted infections and infertility. Despite important advances, significant changes in women's reproductive health status are difficult to discern, given the relatively short period of time and the multitude of complex factors that influence health, especially inequalities in socio-economic and gender status. Gaps remain in the implementation of reproductive health policies and in service delivery that need to be addressed in order for meaningful improvements in women's reproductive health status to be achieved. Civil society has played a major role in securing these legislative and policy changes, and health activist groups continue to pressure the government to introduce further changes in policy and service delivery, especially in the area of HIV/AIDS. /// L'av\u00e8nement de la d\u00e9mocratie en Afrique du Sud en 1994 a permis d'adopter de nouvelles lois et politiques. Aujourd'hui, dix ans apr\u00e8s, les politiques sud-africaines en sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique et la l\u00e9gislation qui les r\u00e9git sont parmi les plus progressives et compl\u00e8tes du monde dans la reconnaissance qu'elles accordent aux droits de l'homme, y compris aux droits g\u00e9n\u00e9siques. Cet article retrace les changements dans les politiques et services de sant\u00e9, se centrant sur des domaines cl\u00e9s de la sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique: contraception, sant\u00e9 maternelle, interruption de grossesse, cancer de l'ut\u00e9rus et du sein, violence sexuelle et contre les femmes, VIH/SIDA et infections sexuellement transmissibles, et st\u00e9rilit\u00e9. Malgr\u00e9 des progr\u00e8s r\u00e9els, il est difficile de discerner des changements importants dans l'\u00e9tat de sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique des femmes, compte tenu de la relative bri\u00e8vet\u00e9 de la p\u00e9riode d'application et de la multitude de facteurs complexes qui influencent la sant\u00e9, particuli\u00e8rement les in\u00e9galit\u00e9s socio-\u00e9conomiques et sexuelles. Il convient de corriger les lacunes qui demeurent dans l'application des politiques de sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique et dans la prestation des services afin d'am\u00e9liorer sensiblement la sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique des femmes. La soci\u00e9t\u00e9 civile a jou\u00e9 un r\u00f4le majeur pour assurer ces changements l\u00e9gislatifs et politiques, et les groupes d'activistes continuent de faire pression sur le Gouvernement pour qu'il introduise d'autres changements dans les politiques et la prestation des services, en particulier dans le domaine du VIH/SIDA. /// La llegada de la democracia en Sud\u00e1frica en 1994 cre\u00f3 una oportunidad \u00fanica para que se aprobaran nuevas leyes y pol\u00edticas. Una d\u00e9cada despu\u00e9s, las pol\u00edticas de salud reproductiva de Sud\u00e1frica y las leyes que las rigen figuran entre las m\u00e1s progresistas y amplias del mundo en cuanto al reconocimiento que le otorgan a los derechos humanos, inclu\u00eddos los derechos sexuales y reproductivos. En este art\u00edculo se documentan los cambios que se han efectuado en las pol\u00edticas y en los servicios de salud, centrados especialmente en las \u00e1reas clave de la salud sexual y reproductiva: la anticoncepci\u00f3n, la salud materna, la interrupci\u00f3n del embarazo, el c\u00e1ncer cervical y el de mama, la violencia basada en g\u00e9nero y la violencia sexual, el VIH/SIDA y las infecciones de transmisi\u00f3n sexual y la infecundidad. A pesar de que se han logrado importantes avances, es dif\u00edcil percibir cambios significativos en el estado de la salud reproductiva de las mujeres, debido al per\u00edodo de tiempo relativamente corto y a la infinidad de factores complejos que influyen en la salud, en particular las desigualdades en la posici\u00f3n socioecon\u00f3mica y de g\u00e9nero. A\u00fan existen deficiencias en la aplicaci\u00f3n de las pol\u00edticas de salud reproductiva y en la prestaci\u00f3n de servicios, las cuales deben suplirse a fin de lograr avances significativos en los aspectos relacionados con la salud reproductiva de las mujeres. La sociedad civil ha desempe\u00f1ado un papel primordial en garantizar esta reforma de legislaci\u00f3n y pol\u00edticas, y los grupos de activistas en salud contin\u00faan ejerciendo presi\u00f3n sobre el gobierno para que se efect\u00faen m\u00e1s cambios en las pol\u00edticas y en la prestaci\u00f3n de servicios, particularmente en los aspectos del VIH/SIDA.\n      </p>", "Entomophagy, the human consumption of insects, has not received significant attention in Western literature, despite the critical role which it plays as a protein supplement in many parts of the world. This paper explores the importance of entomophagy in Africa within the context of food security and indigenous technical knowledge. These issues are further investigated through a case study of the mopane caterpillar in Southern Africa. The findings clearly indicate the contribution which insects make to the diet of rural Africans.\n      </p>", "Fossil plants provide data on climate, community composition and structure, all of which are relevant to the definition and recognition of biomes. Macrofossils reflect local vegetation, whereas pollen assemblages sample a larger area. The earliest solid evidence for angiosperm tropical rainforest in Africa is based primarily on Late Eocene to Late Oligocene (ca. 39-26 Myr ago) pollen assemblages from Cameroon, which are rich in forest families. Plant macrofossil assemblages from elsewhere in interior Africa for this time interval are rare, but new work at Chilga in the northwestern Ethiopian Highlands documents forest communities at 28 Myr ago. Initial results indicate botanical affinities with lowland West African forest. The earliest known woodland community in tropical Africa is dated at 46 Myr ago in northern Tanzania, as documented by leaves and fruits from lake deposits. The community around the lake was dominated by caesalpinioid legumes, but included Acacia, for which this, to my knowledge, is the earliest record. This community is structurally similar to modern miombo, although it is different at the generic level. The grass-dominated savannah biome began to expand in the Middle Miocene (16 Myr ago), and became widespread in the Late Miocene (ca. 8 Myr ago), as documented by pollen and carbon isotopes from both West and East Africa.\n      </p>", "Are certain groups of unemployed individuals hurt less by unemployment than others? This paper is an attempt to test the hypothesis that non-pecuniary costs of unemployment may vary between societies with different unemployment rates. Using cross-sectional data from the SALDRU93 survey, I show that households' perceptions of life satisfaction are inversely related to household unemployment for South Africa as to be expected in richer countries. Reported well-being levels are shown to be associated negatively with others' unemployment at the geographical cluster level for the employed. However, unemployment appears to hurt less for the household if unemployment rates in the local labour market are high.\n      </p>", "The morphological identification of cryptic rodent species has historically been problematic. At best, many cryptic species have been identified by chromosomal differences. However, to study the life histories of such rodent species, there is a need for a molecular technique for cryptic species identification that does not involve destructive sampling. In this manuscript we examine mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) cytochrome-b genetic variation in 2 cryptic murid rodent species, the red veld rat (Aethomys chrysophilus) and the Tete veld rat (A. ineptus) from southern Africa. Phylogenetic and phylogeographic analyses of these sequences showed reciprocal monophyly between populations of the 2 species in southern Africa, but no support for monophyly of A. chrysophilus from southern and eastern Africa. This suggests that the analysis of mtDNA can be used to distinguish these 2 sister species in southern Africa. However, these results need to be investigated further by DNA analyses of type specimens, topotypical material, or both from adjacent localities.\n      </p>", "The aim of this paper is to reassess the land degradation and desertification problem in South Africa. The country has a wide range of interrelated environmental and development challenges existing in a socio-political context recently subject to substantial change. The paper outlines the fundamental environmental constraints and opportunities that underlie degradation phenomena and illustrates the nature, extent and geographical distribution of the major forms of soil and vegetation degradation in the country. The principal causes of degradation are identified and some important land use and land tenure questions that need to be addressed in the near future are posited.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the grazing management systems in operation in communal areas of central Eastern Cape Province, South Africa, through two contrasting case studies from the region. Considerable differences in current management systems are identified and are shown to depend primarily on the degree of control that can be exercised by communities over communal grazing resources. This in turn can be related to the social and ecological heterogeneity that characterises the region and how this influences pressure on grazing resources at the local level. On the basis of this study three broad levels of grazing management system are identified in these communal areas. These are: complete lack of management with grazing taking place in an 'open-access' manner; grazing being controlled on a community basis and grazing taking place on private land and being controlled entirely by the landowner. Many aspects of these scenarios find reflection in struggles over common property which are taking place in other parts of Africa. Understanding the variation in these systems from both a social and ecological perspective will be fundamental in challenging previous management paradigms, and facilitating the development of effective common property institutions for grazing management systems in communal areas of South Africa.\n      </p>", "The Drakensberg is the highest mountain range in southern Africa and is considered a valuable natural and economic resource; it is also a primary tourist destination in the region. The present article compares recent tourism development and management in the well-established Royal Natal National Park (RNNP) and the adjoining Mnweni Valley, which is a developing center and former apartheid homeland. Trends in tourist characteristics, governance, and revenue streams are presented for the two centers. Although the Mnweni region has experienced significantly greater percentage growth in visitor numbers than the RNNP over the last few years, it currently lacks the capacity to ensure adequate conservation of the mountain environment. Given the considerable contrasts in mountain tourism development in the Drakensberg, it is essential to establish mountain sustainability networks and collaboration between local and regional \"actors.\"\n      </p>", "The quest for independent access to the sea is an aspiration which dominates the geopolitics of Southern Africa. In 150 years of conflicting interests between the power in the south and those of the landlocked interior, control of access to the sea has been the principal means of asserting political domination. The conflict has survived change in the identity of both sets of powers and could well endure future changes. It has been a battle of geopolitical manoeuvre, strategic thrust, guerilla warfare and the total onslaught of 'beggar your neighbour' apartheid; but also a struggle against steep escarpments, river gorges, fever-ridden swamps and man-eating lions. In a subcontinent of vast distances, distance is not yet the primary determinant of access.\n      </p>", "Given the role of foreign direct investment in the development process, one of the most important challenges facing Africa is how to attract foreign direct investment. A number of attempts have been made, but most have been unsuccessful because of various factors that work against the business environment for foreign investment. This paper analyses the impact of fiscal incentives, the most popular instrument, for attracting foreign investment to Sub-Saharan Africa. It uses cross-sectional time series data on 16 Sub-Saharan African countries, and an econometric model of three proxies of fiscal incentive, after controlling for traditional and other policy variables. The results show that traditional variables and government policies to attract foreign investment to Africa are important. Of the fiscal incentives, tax holidays seem to be the most significant. What could also be important are political and macroeconomic stability at the national and regional levels, property rights protection and other investment-supporting regulations and improvements in infrastructure and service support systems.\n      </p>", "The spotted hyena (Crocuta crocuta), the most common large carnivore in the highlands and lowlands of Ethiopia, Eritrea, and Somalia, has occupied both a scavenging niche and a predatory position at the top of the food chain. My own field explorations on this animal and the observations of travelers document its long and ambivalent association with people in the Horn of Africa. Spotted hyenas in this region have mostly lived in anthropogenic contexts rather than, as in East Africa, on wildlife. Tolerated as efficient sanitation units, hyenas have removed garbage and carrion from towns. They have also destroyed livestock, killed people, and eaten corpses. Famine, epidemics, and armed conflict have provided opportunities for unbridled anthropophagy. The past and present coming together of human and hyena in this multiethnic region can be viewed as a vestige of a primeval African ecological relationship that dates far back in prehistory. Biological processes offer a deeper framework than culture with which to grasp the inherent contradiction of the hyena/human relationship past and present.\n      </p>", "Health care facilities can play an important role for adolescents in preventing health problems, in promoting sexual and reproductive health and in shaping positive behaviours. Extensive research has established that South African public health facilities are failing to provide adolescent-friendly health services. The National Adolescent-Friendly Clinic Initiative (NAFCI) is an accreditation programme designed to improve the quality of adolescent health services at the primary care level and strengthen the public sector's ability to respond to adolescent health needs. The key objectives of the programme are to make health services more accessible and acceptable to adolescents, establish national standards and criteria for adolescent health care in clinics throughout the country, and build the capacity of health care workers to provide quality services. One of the indicators for success of NAFCI will be increased utilisation of public sector clinics by adolescents. NAFCI is an integral component of the largest, most innovative, public health programme ever launched in South Africa, loveLife. Achieving NAFCI accreditation involves clinic self-appraisals, quality improvements, external assessments and award of achievement stars. NAFCI is currently being piloted in ten government clinics in South Africa. /// Les centres de sant\u00e9 peuvent jouer un r\u00f4le important pour pr\u00e9venir les probl\u00e8mes sanitaires chez les adolescents, promouvoir leur sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique et les inciter \u00e0 des comportements positifs. Une recherche a \u00e9tablie que les centres de sant\u00e9 publique sud-africains ne sont pas adapt\u00e9s aux adolescents. L'Initiative nationale en faveur de dispensaires conviviaux pour les adolescents souhaite am\u00e9liorer la qualit\u00e9 des services pour adolescents au niveau des soins de sant\u00e9 primaires et aider le secteur public \u00e0 mieux r\u00e9pondre aux besoins sanitaires des adolescents. Les objectifs cl\u00e9s du programme sont de rendre les services de sant\u00e9 plus accessibles et acceptables pour les adolescents, d'\u00e9tablir des crit\u00e8res nationaux pour les soins de sant\u00e9 des adolescents dans les dispensaires de tout le pays et de former les agents de sant\u00e9 \u00e0 fournir des services de qualit\u00e9. L'un des indicateurs du succ\u00e8s de l'Initiative sera l'accroissement de la fr\u00e9quentation par les adolescents des dispensaires du secteur public. L'Initiative fait partie du programme de sant\u00e9 publique le plus ambitieux et le plus novateur jamais lanc\u00e9 en Afrique du Sud, \" loveLife \". La r\u00e9ussite de l'Initiative passe par une auto-\u00e9valuation des dispensaires, un rel\u00e8vement de la qualit\u00e9, des \u00e9valuations externes et des r\u00e9compenses d\u00e9cern\u00e9es aux meilleurs r\u00e9sultats. L'Initiative est actuellement appliqu\u00e9e de mani\u00e8re exp\u00e9rimentale dans dix dispensaires gouvernementaux d'Afrique du Sud. /// Las instalaciones de los servicios de salud pueden jugar un papel importante en la prevenci\u00f3n de los problemas de salud de los adolescentes, la promoci\u00f3n de la salud sexual y reproductiva, y la formaci\u00f3n de comportamientos positivos. A trav\u00e8s de amplias investigaciones se ha establecido que las instalaciones de salud p\u00fablica sudafricanas no proveen servicios adecuados para la poblaci\u00f3n adolescente. Una iniciativa a nivel nacional, llamada 'National Adolescent-Friendly Clinic Initiative' (NAFCI), es un programa acreditado dise\u00f1ado con el fin de mejorar la calidad de los servicios de atenci\u00f3n primaria dirigidos a los y las adolescentes, y fortalecer la capacidad del sector p\u00fablico de responder a las necesidades de salud de estos usuarios. Los objetivos principales del programa son hacer los servicios de salud m\u00e1s accesibles y aceptables a los adolescentes, establecer normas y criterios nacionales para la atenci\u00f3n en salud adolescente en cl\u00ednicas a trav\u00e8s de todo el pa\u00eds, y capacitar a los trabajadores de la salud para proveer servicios de calidad. Uno de los indicadores del \u00e9xito de la NAFCI ser\u00e1 un incremento en la utilizaci\u00f3n de las cl\u00ednicas del sector p\u00fablico por los y las adolescentes. La NAFCI es un componente integrante del programa de salud p\u00fablica m\u00e1s grande y m\u00e1s innovador jam\u00e1s lanzado en Sud\u00e0frica, llamado 'loveLife' (amorVida). Para lograr la acreditaci\u00f3n NAFCI, las cl\u00ednicas deben realizar auto-evaluaciones, mejoramientos cualitativos, evaluaciones externas y reconocimientos de metas logradas. Actualmente se est\u00e1n implementando programas pilotos NAFCI en diez cl\u00ednicas gubernamentales en Sud\u00e0frica.\n      </p>", "Rapid and spatially concentrated urbanization in South Africa has brought with it significant health and safety hazards. These hazards are described and analyzed through two optics: environmental rights and community participation. The rights perspective suggests that the system of apartheid led to a collapse of rural livelihoods, driving people to the cities, while apartheid's tight control over African residential location and employment ensured that high density settlement and unemployment would follow. The resulting urban environmental degradation and health and safety hazards are a violation of the human rights of the African residents of townships and informal settlements. The community participation perspective suggests that reconstruction can be linked to development and that community-based hazard identification and mitigation can be a vehicle for kick-starting urban revitalization.\n      </p>", "A new species of the Streptocarpus rexii aggregate is described from Itala Game Reserve in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. The geographic isolation of S. kunhardtii, its pale methyl violet flowers, and long fruits distinguish it from S. roseoalbus, its closest relative. A second new species, S. hilburtianus, is described from two high-altitude localities in Mapumalanga, South Africa. The alliances of this species are unclear, although corolla coloration and leaf vestiture approach S. galpinii; however, it differs in its cylindrical corolla tube, its much shorter pedicels, and its distinctive pollen.\n      </p>", "Sleumer's (1971) revision of Casearia (formerly Flacourtiaceae, now Salicaceae) is reviewed to correct the specific delimitation, nomenclature and geography of some of the West and Central African species. As a result, Casearia inaequalis Hutch. &amp; Dalz. and C. prismatocarpa Mast. are resurrected, the latter to replace C. calodendron Gilg ex Engl. Casearia michelsonii, from the mountains of East Congo (Kinshasa), is described as new. A revised key to the species of West and Central Africa is presented and their distributions are mapped.\n      </p>", "The rapidity of European expansion in eighteenth century South Africa constitutes a major problem of its settlement history. The original intention of the Dutch to confine their African settlement to a small area of coastland was abandoned when settlers proved incapable of producing enough food for the colony's needs. The expansion of the colony and the encouragement of settlement solved the problem of local food supplies but replaced it with one of overproduction. The poor market for agricultural produce favored large estates and increased the capital requirements of arable farming. Young settlers and others lacking capital moved to the frontier where they practiced an extremely extensive form of stock-raising. The frontier movement was basically demographic in character and continued regardless of the state of the market for frontier produce.\n      </p>", "Despite the fact that white-faced whistling-ducks (Dendrocygna viduata) incur the added costs of flight-feather replacement on wintering areas, little is known about how they allocate their time and energy during this period. We used focal sampling techniques to quantify diel activity patterns of nonbreeding white-faced whistling-ducks using semipermanent pans in northern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, during the winter and spring of 1995. A large proportion of early winter (44% of diel activities), late winter (29%), and spring (50%) activities were attributed to foraging. Increased foraging intensity during early winter and spring (P &lt; 0.05) corresponded with peak flight-feather replacement. Birds spent more time in comfort-related activities (sleep, loaf, preen) during late winter (57%) than both early winter (35%) and spring (29%; P &lt; 0.05). Time spent in locomotion (walk, swim, fly) decreased as winter progressed and was lowest during spring, whereas alert behaviors and aggression increased (P &lt; 0.05). No courtship activities were observed. Activities of white-faced whistling-ducks were correlated more strongly with flock size and ambient temperature than several other climatic variables. Relative to waterfowl wintering in north-temperate regions, the activity patterns of white-faced whistling-ducks were probably influenced by either or both the nutrient costs of feather replacement and a reduction in foraging opportunities during the flightless period, as well as a low availability of cereal grains near wintering areas. Fifty-three percent of foraging activities occurred nocturnally, which further exemplifies the importance of considering nocturnal behaviors when assessing the activity patterns and energetics of waterfowl.\n      </p>", "In South Africa, for the years 2003-2007, the Enteric Diseases Reference Unit received 510 human isolates of Salmonella Typhi, of which 27 were nalidixic acid-resistant [minimum inhibitory concentrations (MICs) 128-512 \u00b5g/ml] with reduced susceptibility to ciprofloxacin (MICs 0.125-0.5 \u00b5g/ml). Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis analysis of 19 available isolates differentiated them into five DNA pattern types ; multiple-locus variable-number tandem repeat analysis differentiated the isolates into 10 types. This level of genetic diversity suggested that resistant strains usually emerged independently of one another. A 16-to 32-fold decrease in nalidixic acid MIC and a 2-to 8-fold decrease in ciprofloxacin MIC, was observed in the presence of an efflux pump inhibitor. All isolates were negative by PCR screening for qnr genes. Seven resistant isolates were further analysed for mutations in the quinolone resistance-determining region of gyrA, gyrB, parC and parE. No amino-acid mutations were identified in GyrB and ParE; all isolates showed amino-acid mutations in both GyrA and ParC. We conclude that amino-acid mutations in GyrA and ParC in combination with active efflux of antibiotic out of the bacterial celi are the probable mechanisms conferring quinolone resistance.\n      </p>", "A third species of Villarsia from South Africa, V. manningiana sp. nov., differs from V. capensis and from V. goldblattiana in one or more of these characters: size of leaves and inflorescences, length of pedicels, number of flowers per inflorescence, number of ovules per ovary, and surface of seeds. As now circumscribed, V. capensis consists of an eastern and a western suite of local populations within the Western Cape Province.\n      </p>", "We review the epidemiology of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) in South Africa where the prevalence of HIV infection is among the highest in the world. The epidemic reached South Africa relatively recently but the prevalence of infection has increased rapidly and there are significant differences among provinces. Although few 15-year-old people are infected the prevalence increases rapidly with age thereafter, especially among women. The prevalence of herpes simplex virus type 2 exceeds that of HIV and curable sexually transmitted infections are common. 'Circular migration' may help to explain the high rates and rapid spread of HIV in the region. The incidence of tuberculosis has increased dramatically as a result of the HIV epidemic. Antiretroviral therapy for the prevention of vertical transmission has been shown to be effective in local conditions but transmission through breast-feeding remains problematical. While some epidemiological models have been developed, much more needs to be done in this regard in order to plan, coordinate and evaluate an effective response to the epidemic. We conclude by discussing some of the research that is needed and steps that could be taken to reduce the continued spread of the infection.\n      </p>", "A total of 541 cases of cholera were observed between May 7 and July 19, 1985 among the 9,929 displaced persons present in a refugee camp in Africa. In spite of malnutrition and other diseases affecting this population, only 12 deaths occurred. Antiepidemic measures consisted of preparation of isolation-wards, treatment of contaminated materials, training of refugees and patient care. Mass prophylaxis, initially considered, was dropped before the end of the epidemic.\n      </p>", "Twenty-eight species and six subspecies of the hemiparasitic genus Striga Lour., witchweed, occur in Africa. Twenty-two species are endemic. Witchweeds occur throughout the continent with greatest diversity in the grasslands and savannas north of the equator. Striga gesnerioides (Willd.) Vatke and S. hermonthica (Del.) Benth. have developed host-specific strains that may have distinct morphotypes. We accord these no formal taxonomic status. Striga hermonthica and S. asiatica (L.) Kuntze, limited to agroecosystems, may be recently derived from non-ruderal species. Striga hirsuta Benth. and S. lutea Lour., sometimes treated as conspecific with S. asiatica, are recognized as distinct species restricted to natural ecosystems. Striga linearifolia Hepper, with its strongly bilabiate corolla and perennial habit, is considered as a subspecies of S. bilabiata (Thunb.) Kuntze. Striga baumannii Engl. and S. fulgens Hepper are excluded from the genus. Striga baumannii has tuberous roots and a ligneous calyx and may represent a distinct genus. Striga fulgens, with free petals, is aligned with Chascanum E. Mey. in the Verbenaceae.\n      </p>", "Past population size can be estimated from modern genetic diversity using coalescent theory. Estimates of ancestral human population dynamics in sub-Saharan Africa can tell us about the timing and nature of our first steps towards colonizing the globe. Here, we combine Bayesian coalescent inference with a dataset of 224 complete human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) sequences to estimate effective population size through time for each of the four major African mtDNA haplogroups (L0-L3). We find evidence of three distinct demographic histories underlying the four haplogroups. Haplogroups L0 and L1 both show slow, steady exponential growth from 156 to 213 kyr ago. By contrast, haplogroups L2 and L3 show evidence of substantial growth beginning 12-20 and 61-86 kyr ago, respectively. These later expansions may be associated with contemporaneous environmental and/or cultural changes. The timing of the L3 expansion-8-12 kyr prior to the emergence of the first non-African mtDNA lineages-together with high L3 diversity in eastern Africa, strongly supports the proposal that the human exodus from Africa and subsequent colonization of the globe was prefaced by a major expansion within Africa, perhaps driven by some form of cultural innovation.\n      </p>", "Aim The Apocynaceae-Asclepiadoideae (c. 125 species) of Madagascar's flora are highly endemic, and floristic conformity between Madagascar and Africa (and Asia) is low. Of the c. 1250 Old World Asclepiadoideae species, only ten species are shared between mainland Africa and Madagascar. Our comprehensive data elaborated during the last 15 years of systematic research in Asclepiadoideae were used to (1) examine Leroy's hypothesis that Madagascar's flora resulted from an autochthonous Gondwanean stock and natural introduction of taxa in time, (2) check the probability of our phylogentic considerations against the direction of the floristic exchange traced, and (3) present evidence for successful long-distance dispersal events. Location Africa, Madagascar, Asia. Methods Published and unpublished data on distribution, morphology, chromosome numbers and DNA sequence analysis of Asclepiadoideae taxa distributed in both Africa and Madagascar (Asia and Madagascar) were reviewed and evaluated. Results Ten species belonging to the genera Ceropegia, Cynanchum (incl. Sarcostemma), Gomphorcarpus, Gymnema, Microloma, Pentatropis, Pleurostelma, Telosma and Tylophora are shared between mainland Africa and Madagascar, three species extend to Asia. In most of the cases presented, evidence points to long-distance dispersal from Africa to Madagascar; only in the Cynanchum complex dispersal events from Madagascar to Africa are corroborated. Main conclusions An exchange of asclepiadaceous flora between mainland Africa and Madagascar and vice versa took place in at least ten cases. However, &lt;1% of the Malagasy species is involved, meaning that the speciose autochthonous Malagasy Asclepiadoideae flora is only inconspicuously influenced by these presumably rather recent introductions. The African-Malagasy distributions can only be explained by long-distance dispersal events effected by anemochorous seeds.\n      </p>", "Sub-Saharan Africa is under-represented numerically by the number of World Heritage Sites inscribed in that region yet a significant number of these sites are under threat from the combined and linked processes of poverty, war, environmental change and increasingly globalized economic and communication systems. Cultural resource management provision across the region's countries suffers from severe under-resourcing and a limited skills base. In order to redress this imbalance greater emphasis needs to be placed on examining more sustainable mechanisms for developing research and management strategies for the future protection of Africa's archaeological resource. World Heritage inscription has become an all-consuming process, draining resources and diverting attention away from broader heritage provisions. As an integral part of this process archaeology needs to become embedded within the international development framework where it can become an advocacy voice for community and for poverty alleviation and contribute to the debate on environment and climate change. This can be achieved only once the specialized heritage agencies become less exclusive and more integrated within international frameworks of development and reconstructive work. Existing NGOs have an intrinsic role to play in this process and will need to adopt cultural heritage into their sphere of interest and expertise.\n      </p>", "This paper examines various ways in which mountains can be defined for Southern Africa (Lesotho, South Africa and Swaziland), and South Africa in particular, by using harmonized topographic, vegetation and cultural digital data within a Geographic Information System (GIS). A particular topographic model is finally selected. This definition is then applied to the South African national context to identify the socioeconomic characteristics of its mountainous areas, in particular with regard to poverty indicators. These areas are identified as having distinctive characteristics when compared with metropolitan areas and, more importantly, with non-mountain rural areas. This observation has important political implications, as mountains currently have a very low visibility in regional and social policy.\n      </p>", "Food is the most basic of the needs of the urban poor in developing countries, and yet relatively little is known about the supply systems through which such needs are met. This is in great contrast to research undertaken on shelter. The urban food supply system is a complex network of production, distribution and consumption linkages, but three main sources of food for the poor may be identified. First, there is the conventional retail sector which has become increasingly dominated by imported commodities and retailing methods, much of which is the consequence of changing dietary preferences and has led to growing food dependency. Not surprisingly, given the cost of food retailed through the conventional sector, the poor have sought alternative sources. The most obvious is through the operations of the petty-commodity or informal sector, but in addition a surprising amount of urban subsistence food is still produced within the cities of Asia and Africa. It would appear that, in general, many authorities still hold repressive attitudes towards the informal or subsistence sectors, largely because their activities spoil the image of the modernizing, Westernized city that the planners wish to convey to the outside world. Clearly, however, these sectors are performing a useful function, but the ways in which and the extent to which their activities benefit the poor is still largely undocumented. It is the argument of this paper that much more information is required on the complexities of the urban food supply system in order to bring about more effective planning to meet the needs of the poor.\n      </p>", "Changing economic circumstances as a result of deindustrialization and market forces dramatically affect local areas and lead to a variety of local-level responses. Economic change and the reaction to this process have received much attention in the context of the decline of old heavy industrial regions in Western Europe and North America. But deindustrialization is also occurring elsewhere, for example, in countries such as South Africa, where the decline of mining and related industries is having a severe impact on the livelihoods of individuals, households, and communities. Considerations of institutional thickness, resourcefulness, and capacities inherent within host communities contribute to an understanding of the likely potential of the development response undertaken. This article considers the situation in a once important coal-mining region in northern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, focusing particularly on the community of Utrecht. In the postapartheid period, unemployment in the area has escalated, at a time when greater empowerment of the historically disadvantaged black population is urgently needed. Through cooperation within the community, together with the injection of external funding and collaboration in a series of joint ventures, Utrecht is progressively rebranding itself as a center for tourism. A number of community-initiated projects are discussed, and the dynamics of the formulation and implementation of the projects are evaluated in the context of the capabilities of individuals and institutions.\n      </p>", "Skeletal remains from an earthen lair near the hominid site in Fish Hoek, Western Cape Province, South Africa, are documented. Analysis of the contents suggests this accumulation was collected and heavily impacted by porcupines (Hystrix africaeaustralis), with a secondary contribution by leopards (Panthera pardus). Sex, age and body part profiles are provided for the more abundant taxa. Results indicate that porcupines, within a given size range, are relatively unbiased surveyors of the osteological landscape and that they select body parts and species illustrative of the community in which they reside. Several of these conclusions regarding the nature of porcupine accumulated faunas support those first made by Brain (1980). The impact of leopards, as reflected in species, sex and age profiles of prey as well as punctate wounds in the cervical region of ungulate prey, may also be diagnostic. The recognition of such criteria further contribute to the growing dialogue in distinguishing the activity of humans from those of other bone accumulators.\n      </p>", "This essay examines the career of Eric Dutton in five British African colonies from 1919 to 1952, with case studies of his work in Lusaka and Zanzibar. In analyzing Dutton's career, I use a Gramscian conception of the role of intellectuals in creating colonial hegemony, against the backdrop of recent research on the relationship of geography to colonial discourse. Dutton worked and corresponded with key players in Britain's African empire. He was a major force behind early urban-planning programs in East and Central Africa and author of four geographical books. Permanently disabled by war wounds, he was also permanently infatuated with the moral rightness of British imperial culture. A concern for geography's professional relationship with, and the geographical legacy of, colonialism has emerged in recent scholarship on Africa, largely through studies of travel writing, fiction, and nineteenth- or early twentieth-century exploration geography. Later scholar-officials like Dutton sought to apply their knowledge to the shaping of spaces to serve the Empire's direct and immediate needs in Africa, even while trying to win the hearts and minds of its subject peoples. Around Timothy Mitchell's (1988) concept of \"enframing,\" I build an analysis of the spatial projects with which Dutton is most associated and show how Lusaka and Zanzibar were enframed by his plans. Through his publications and correspondences, as well as his seemingly omnipresent service, Dutton has an important legacy that has neither been articulated nor analyzed, one which points to the importance of contextualized biography for analyses of colonial discourse. I argue here for seeing Dutton as an intellectual in the service of colonial hegemony and its enframing spatial discourse, although the character of his agency exemplifies why that attempted hegemony failed.\n      </p>", "Cyanotis repens, a mat-forming perennial, is described from Kenya in tropical Africa. It differs from related species by its prostrate habit, indeterminate flowering shoots, and fusiform swelling terminating the style. Two subspecies are recognized, diploid C. repens subsp. repens from Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda, and polyploid C. repens subsp. robusta from Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Democratic Republic of Congo, and Gabon. Cyanotis repens belongs to the Cyanotis foecunda species group, the species of which have a basic chromosome number of x = 13 and often distinctive karyotypes.\n      </p>", "Hypoxis is a pantropical genus, with about 100 species worldwide. It is represented in Central Africa by 20 species, with 3 species in Rwanda, 5 in Burundi, and 19 in Congo-Kinshasa. This study considers morphology of vegetative and reproductive organs with emphasis on leaves, inflorescences, seeds, and indumentum. Morphology and anatomy of trichomes and other new data on taxonomically useful characters of Hypoxis in Central Africa are assessed.\n      </p>", "Aim This paper presents the Joint Research Centre's TREES Project satellite derived Vegetation Map of Central Africa, at 1:5,000,000 scale, with a detailed description of the vegetation classes and their distribution. The information content of the map is compared with other conventional and satellite derived maps of the region for validation and evaluation purposes. Location The map focuses on the Guineo-Congolian ecological domain and covers the following countries: Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon and the Democratic Republic of Congo. Methods Using coarse resolution satellite imagery a map of vegetation cover has been produced based upon the spectral response of the vegetation cover. Digital image processing and geographical information systems techniques were employed, together with local knowledge, high resolution imagery and expert consultation, to compile a cartographic map product. Results The TREES Vegetation Map of Central Africa has been shown to be strongly correlated with the FAO Forest Resources Assessment for 1990. Comparison with other map sources indicates that the map contains greater spatial detail and is more consistent than conventionally compiled maps. The conventional maps however, contain more thematic information content relating to vegetation type. Main conclusions The map improves our state of knowledge of the vegetation cover of Central Africa and presents the most consistent and spatially detailed view yet published at this scale. Thematic information content on forest type is limited but should be improved in the near future with the inclusion of data from new satellite sensors. This first version of the map and future planned updates should provide an important input for regional stratification and planning purposes for forest resources, biodiversity and climate studies.\n      </p>", "The lichen vegetation forming biological soil crusts is described for the first time for a semi-desert area of the Republic of South Africa (Knersvlakte, Namaqualand). Thirty-five terricolous lichen taxa were recorded. Fifty-two percent of the lichens are endemic to Namaqualand according to current knowledge. Squamulose and crustose lichens were the most common (over 60% of taxa) and most contained green algal photobionts. Three main communities were distinguished: 1) a widespread community composed by Collema coccophorum, Psora aff. crenata, Placidium tenellum and P. squamulosum; 2) a rare community characterized by foliose lichens belonging to Xanthoparmelia, Neofuscelia and Paraparmelia; and 3) a rare, crustose community formed by Caloplaca sp. (\"C. sp. 1\"), Toninia sp. (\"T. sp. 1\"), T. ruginosa and Buellia sp. (\"B. sp. 2\"). The lichen taxa and vegetation of the study area are unique and are threatened by land management practices and changing climate.\n      </p>", "New species of Rhainopomma and of Altiusambilla from the northern part of the Eastern Arc mountains of Tanzania are described, based on morphological, molecular and geographical data. Ancestors of the genera Usambilla, Rhainopomma and Altiusambilla probably spread when a different climatic regime favored forest cover connecting presently isolated high mountains of East Africa. After forests retreated, allopatric speciation was the driving force resulting in the biographical pattern of closely related lentulid species we see today in the Eastern Arc mountains and inland volcanoes of Tanzania and Kenya.\n      </p>", "The ideology of neo-liberalism is currently dominant at the elite level. This has profound implications for how development is viewed as best pursued. Currently, a process of regionalization projects, at both the macro- and micro-level, are reconfiguring parts of Africa as the continent's elites seek to promote economic integration as a means of latching onto what is perceived as the globalization juggernaut. However, such processes, and the case of the Maputo Development Corridor (MDC) is provided as a case study, cannot simply be defined as top-down projects to reconfigure spatial areas along neo-liberal lines: globalization and regionalization stimulates reactions involving the re-organization and re-territorialization of spaces in order to meet the challenges posed. Though existing regionalist projects, such as the MDC, reflect the impulses of a neo-liberal world, space for contesting alternatives exists and is nascent, with counter-reactions being continually generated, with diverse forms of regional connectivities being constructed. Analyses of the new regionalisms must be cognisant of such pregnancy within such ongoing processes.\n      </p>", "A key problem for conservation is the coincidence of regions of high biodiversity with regions of high human impact. Twenty-five of the most threatened centers of plant diversity were identified by Myers et al., and these \"hotspots\" play a crucial role in international conservation strategies. The primary goal of the hotspots is to cover the most threatened centers of plant diversity, but their efficacy has not yet been tested empirically. For sub-Saharan Africa, our study evaluates the hotspots postulated by Myers and compares them to a set of redefined hotspots proposed on the basis of mapped distribution data for 5985 plant species. The two sets of hotspots overlap by 48%. Our redefined hotspots include 80% of the species and 66% of the range-restricted species of the sub-Saharan flora in areas under high human impact, whereas these values are 15% and 11% lower for Myers's hotspots. Despite having equal size and a considerable spatial overlap with Myers's hotspots, our redefined hotspots include further highly threatened centers of plant diversity in the Maputaland Pondoland Region, in Katanga, the East African Afromontane region, the Lower Guinea Region, and the Albertine Rift. Many of these redefined hotspots are poorly protected centers of plant and animal diversity. Their conservation is essential for a comprehensive coverage of Africa's centers of biodiversity.\n      </p>", "To unravel the market for commercial medicinal plants on the Witwatersrand in South Africa, a semiquantitative approach was taken. A stratified random sample of 50 herb-traders was surveyed, and an inventory of all plants and parts sold was compiled. Research participants were questioned on the scarcity and popularity of the plants traded, as well as suppliers and origins. The rarefaction method established that the sample size was adequate. The diversity of the sample was determined using ecological indices of diversity, and found to be comparatively high. In addition, Spearman rank correlations, chi-squared and Fisher's exact probability tests were used to assess the probability of certain taxa being used. At least 46% of the taxa traded showed a higher than expected probability of being utilized, and taxa tended to be harvested from the largest families proximate to the markets. About 511 species are traded in the region, and there is a low dominance in the use of species. Ethnic and floristic diversity are influential in deciding the trading patterns that have emerged. /// Pour d\u00e9couvrir le march\u00e9 commercial des plantes m\u00e9dicinales et des parties de plantes, nous avons utilis\u00e9 une approche semiquantitative. Un \u00e9chantillon pris au hasard, de 50 commerces bas\u00e9 sur une connaissance corporative de ce monde sp\u00e9cifique, et un inventaire de toutes les vari\u00e9tes de plantes offertes \u00e0 la vente dans ces \u00e9chopes a \u00e9t\u00e9 effectu\u00e9e. Les participants, furent questionn\u00e9s sur la raret\u00e9 et la popularit\u00e9 des plantes \u00e0 l'\u00e9talage, ainsi que sur l'origine et les fournisseurs de ces m\u00eames plantes. La m\u00e9thode bas\u00e9e sur la rar\u00e9faction indiqua que la taille de l'\u00e9chantillonage \u00e9tait ad\u00e9quat. La diversit\u00e9 des \u00e9chantillons fut d\u00e9termin\u00e9 en utilisant les indices \u00e9cologiques, de diversit\u00e9 et se r\u00e9v\u00e9la, en comparaison, important. De plus, la corr\u00e9lation lin\u00e9aire de Spearman, le test \u03c7 2, et les tests de probabilit\u00e9 \u00e9xacte de Fisher furent utilis\u00e9s pout \u00e9valuer la probabilit\u00e9 de certaine taxa utilis\u00e9e. Au moins 46% de la taxa vendue, montre une probabilit\u00e9 sup\u00e9rieure \u00e0 la moyenne d'\u00eatre utilis\u00e9e, et la taxa tend a \u00eatre r\u00e9colt\u00e9e parmi les familles de plantes situ\u00e9es dans la vicinit\u00e9 des lieux de vente. 511 esp\u00e9ces sont \u00e0 la vente dans la r\u00e9gion, et il n'y a pas de dominance particuli\u00e8re sur certaines especes. La pr\u00e9sence de plusieurs groupes ethniques et la diversit\u00e9 v\u00e9g\u00e9tale influence les habitudes commerciales qui constituent la base de l'\u00e9tude.\n      </p>", "A classic exercise in geography consists of explaining the levels of economic development achieved by different regions with respect to their physical characteristics. In this paper a parallel is drawn between the agricultural systems of southern India and Sudano-Sahelian Africa, where possibilist theory, often dismissive of physical geography, has led authors to consider that Tamil Nadu agriculture should serve as a model of development for Africa. This idea is challenged by new evidence revealing that, in spite of superficial bioclimatic similarities, the greater fertility of Indian red soils may actually account for much of Tamil Nadu's advantage. Agricultural implications are discussed and show that physical determinants play an important part, too often overlooked in planning strategies devised by technocrats, in traditional human land management patterns. These findings are then input to a discussion on the possibilism vs. environmental determinism debate, introducing examples from the Calcutta hinterland and semi-arid Africa, in an attempt to moderate existing cut-and-dried theories on population growth, cultural identity, management of resources and land capability.\n      </p>", "The aim of this study was to examine the factors contributing to the increase in condom use among college students in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, and some of the barriers to consistent condom use. The data were drawn from six focus group discussions with male and female students aged 18-24 in three public tertiary education institutions, supplemented by a survey of 3,000 students aged 17-24. Condoms had become \"part of sex\" and highly acceptable to the great majority, and were easily accessible. They were primarily being used for preventing pregnancy; many students liked not having to go to a health facility for supplies. Less than half of male and only a third of female students thought male partners had greater influence over the decision whether a condom was used. If a woman requested condoms, men and women agreed the man must comply. Some men were suspicious of women who agreed to have unprotected sex. Almost 75% of sexually active students surveyed reported condom use at last sexual intercourse, but consistent condom use, reported by only a quarter, remains the main challenge. It may be more effective to promote condoms for contraception among sexually active young people than for HIV prevention. Condoms have become the most commonly used contraceptive method among students, and this trend should be reinforced. /// Une \u00e9tude a examin\u00e9 les facteurs de l'accroissement de l'utilisation des pr\u00e9servatifs chez des \u00e9tudiants de Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, Afrique du Sud, et les obstacles \u00e0 une utilisation suivie. Les donn\u00e9es recueillies pendant six discussions avec des \u00e9tudiants et des \u00e9tudiantes de 18 \u00e0 24 ans dans trois institutions publiques d'enseignement sup\u00e9rieur ont \u00e9t\u00e9 compl\u00e9t\u00e9es par une enqu\u00eate aupr\u00e8s de 3000 \u00e9tudiants de 17 \u00e0 24 ans. Les pr\u00e9servatifs faisaient \"partie de la sexualit\u00e9\", \u00e9taient bien accept\u00e9s par la grande majorit\u00e9 et faciles \u00e0 trouver. Ils servaient principalement \u00e0 \u00e9viter les grossesses; de nombreux \u00e9tudiants appr\u00e9ciaient de pouvoir les obtenir sans se rendre dans un centre de sant\u00e9. Moins de la moiti\u00e9 des gar\u00e7ons et un tiers seulement des filles pensaient que les partenaires masculins influen\u00e7aient davantage la d\u00e9cision d'utiliser ou non un pr\u00e9servatif. Si une fille demandait un pr\u00e9servatif, les gar\u00e7ons et les filles jugeaient que le gar\u00e7on devait accepter. Certains gar\u00e7ons se m\u00e9fiaient des femmes acceptant d'avoir des rapports non prot\u00e9g\u00e9s. Pr\u00e8s de 75% des \u00e9tudiants sexuellement actifs ont indiqu\u00e9 qu'ils avaient utilis\u00e9 un pr\u00e9servatif lors de leur dernier rapport, mais l'utilisation suivie de pr\u00e9servatifs, rapport\u00e9e par seulement un quart, demeure le principal enjeu. Il peut \u00eatre plus efficace de promouvoir les pr\u00e9servatifs pour la contraception que pour la pr\u00e9vention du VIH chez les jeunes sexuellement actifs. Les pr\u00e9servatifs sont devenus la m\u00e9thode contraceptive la plus utilis\u00e9e par les \u00e9tudiants et cette tendance devrait \u00eatre renforc\u00e9e. /// El objetivo de este estudio fue examinar los factores que contribuyen al aumento en el uso del cond\u00f3n entre los estudiantes universitarios en Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, Sud\u00e1frica, as\u00ed como algunos de los obst\u00e1culos al uso habitual del cond\u00f3n. Se recolectaron datos por medio de seis discusiones en grupos focales con estudiantes de sexo masculino y femenino, de 18 a 24 a\u00f1os de edad, en tres instituciones escolares p\u00fablicas de tercer nivel, suplementados por una encuesta entre 3,000 estudiantes de 17 a 24 a\u00f1os. El cond\u00f3n, f\u00e1cil de adquirir, hab\u00eda pasado a ser \"parte del sexo\" y muy aceptado por la gran mayor\u00eda. Se utilizaba principalmente para la prevenci\u00f3n del embarazo; a muchos de los estudiantes les gustaba el no tener que acudir a un servicio de salud para obtener suministros. Menos de la mitad de los hombres y s\u00f3lo una tercera parte de las mujeres pensaban que las parejas de sexo masculino tienen mayor influencia sobre la decisi\u00f3n de usar un cond\u00f3n. Ambos sexos convinieron en que, si una mujer solicita el uso del cond\u00f3n, el hombre debe acceder. Algunos hombres sospechaban de las mujeres que aceptan tener relaciones sexuales sin protecci\u00f3n. Casi el 75% de los estudiantes sexualmente activos encuestados informaron haber usado un cond\u00f3n en su \u00faltima relaci\u00f3n sexual, pero el uso habitual del cond\u00f3n, practicado por s\u00f3lo una cuarta parte, contin\u00faa siendo el gran reto. Quiz\u00e1s sea m\u00e1s eficaz promover este m\u00e9todo para la anticoncepci\u00f3n entre los j\u00f3venes sexualmente activos que para la prevenci\u00f3n del VIH. Dado que es el anticonceptivo m\u00e1s com\u00fanmente usado entre los estudiantes, esta tendencia debe reforzarse.\n      </p>", "Three new shrub species, Hermannia pseudofischeri Cheek, H. pseudathiensis Cheek, and H. vollesenii Cheek (Sterculiaceae), are described from East Africa as a precursor to a treatment of the genus for the Flora of tropical East Africa. Conservation assessments are made for all three species.\n      </p>", "Despite the geographic and context-specific nature of the relationship, the strong link between biodiversity use and poverty is acknowledged worldwide. Biodiversity is seen as both being negatively affected by, and contributing in the fight against, poverty. Agathosma betulina (buchu), a plant growing in the Cederberg Mountains in South Africa, has a global commercial value for use in medicine, food and cosmetics. It is also popular among the poor for the significant cash income it generates for the harvesters. Scientists and conservationists believe that its commercialization will lead to its extinction. However, these concerns are mainly based on scientific studies, with limited perspectives from social analyses. This paper presents the case study of Elandskloof, a mountain communal property farm occupied by poor people, where buchu harvesting is important to local incomes. The paper shows that conflicts among community members and between them and outsiders characterize buchu harvesting. Poverty, the ambiguity of the permit system for harvesting of and trading in buchu, as well as the challenges presented by a common property tenure regime, currently compromise buchu's sustainability. The conclusion is that more social studies are needed, in order to fully appreciate what is needed to ensure sustainability of a high value natural resource in the midst of poverty.\n      </p>", "The French in West Africa remained deeply ambivalent in regard to applying naturalization policies to their African subjects. Applying a distinction between 'citizenship' and 'nationality', this article traces the history of French colonial policy from 1789 through decolonization in the 1950s. Apart from the originaires of the four communes of Senegal, who had ill-defined rights of French citizenship without ever being considered French nationals, naturalization policy in West Africa became so restrictive that no more than sixteen individuals were granted French citizenship each year between 1935 and 1949. This article uses dossiers of naturalization cases from French West Africa.\n      </p>", "Anthropologists, biologists and linguists have all noted an apparent coincidence in species diversity and human cultural or linguistic diversity. We present, to our knowledge, one of the first quantitative descriptions of this coincidence and show that, for 2\u00b0 x 2\u00b0 grid cells across sub-Saharan Africa, cultural diversity and vertebrate species diversity exhibit marked similarities in their overall distribution. In addition, we show that 71% of the observed variation in species richness and 36% in language richness can be explained on the basis of environmental factors, suggesting that similar factors, especially those associated with rainfall and productivity, affect the distributions of both species and languages. Nevertheless, the form of the relationships between species richness and language richness and environmental factors differs, and it is unlikely that comparable mechanisms underpin the similar patterns of species and language richness. Moreover, the fact that the environmental factors considered here explain less than half of the variation in language richness indicates that other factors, many of which are likely to be historical or social, also influence the distribution of languages.\n      </p>", "Objectives: Traditional hazards such as poor sanitation currently account for most of Africa's environmentally related disease burden. However, with rapid development absent appropriate safeguards for environment and health, modern environmental health hazards (MEHHs) may emerge as critical contributors to the continent's disease burden. We review recent evidence of human exposure to and health effects from MEHHs, and their occurrence in environmental media and consumer products. Our purpose is to highlight the growing significance of these hazards as African countries experience urbanization, industrial growth, and development. Data sources: We reviewed published epidemiologic, exposure, and environmental studies of chemical agents such as heavy metals and pesticides. Data synthesis: The body of evidence demonstrates ongoing environmental releases of MEHHs and human exposures sometimes at toxicologically relevant levels. Several sources of MEHHs in environmental media have been identified, including natural resource mining and processing and automobile exhaust. Biomonitoring studies provided direct evidence of human exposure to metals such as mercury and lead and pesticides such as p,p'-dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT) and organophosphates. Land and water resource pollution and industrial air toxics are areas of significant data gaps, notwithstanding the presence of several emitting sources. Conclusion: Unmitigated MEHH releases and human exposure have implications for Africa's disease burden. For Africans encumbered by conditions such as malnutrition that impair resilience to toxicologic challenges, the burden may be higher. A shift in public health policy toward accommodating the emerging diversity in Africa's environmental health issues is necessary to successfully alleviate the burden of avoidable ill health and premature death for all its communities now and in the future.\n      </p>", "The 2 cryptic species of multimammate mice that occur widely in South Africa were, for many decades, lumped in a single species Mastomys natalensis sensu lato. This taxon was intensively studied because these rodents play a role in the epidemiology of various zoonoses (notably bubonic plague), serve as important models for biomedical research, and also sometimes cause extensive agricultural damage. The discovery that M. natalensis sensu lato includes 2 cryptic species in southern Africa has complicated interpretation of the results of past research because previous studies may have been based on either M. coucha or M. natalensis, or even on specimens of both species. A previous study aimed at craniometrically distinguishing between these species in South Africa met with some success, but excluded subadult specimens (which constitute a large proportion of museum collections), and cautioned that intraspecific variation might hamper interspecific discrimination. We therefore studied the nature and extent of nongeographic craniological variation using 2 populations of each species. The discriminatory value of a putative diagnostic dental character (presence or absence of t3 cusp on M3) is limited because of considerable variation within and among populations of M. coucha. Sexual dimorphism is negligible in both species, whereas age-related variation is pronounced and involves mainly differences in overall size, as well as some subtle differences in the configuration of the interorbital, postpalatal, and dental regions. Multiple discriminant function analyses aimed at craniometrically distinguishing between the 2 species showed that the inclusion of subadult specimens reduced a posteriori classification accuracy below 95% confidence levels, implying that age-related variation is sufficiently pronounced to obscure interspecific craniometric differences. Future studies aimed at craniometrically distinguishing between these cryptic species will, therefore, have to statistically correct for age-related variation.\n      </p>", "Myosorex longicaudatus is endemic to the southern Cape Province, South Africa, where it occurs in the Langeberg Mountains and widely in the Knysna Forest. Its long tail and set of paired or triple median palatal fissures are the most conspicuous features distinguishing it from both Myosorex varius and Myosorex cafer, but it differs from these species also in cranial configuration. A geographically isolated population in the Boosmansbos Forest (Langeberg Mountains) differs in size, external proportions, and cranial configuration from populations in the Knysna Forest and is described as a new subspecies whose IUCN conservation status should be considered \"vulnerable.\"\n      </p>", "This essay examines issues of ageing and old age in Xhosa-speaking communities to c. 1860. Drawing primarily on records of the Wesleyan Methodist and London Missionary societies, the article examines the construction of Xhosa ageing, old age and death in missionary writings. The primary medium of missionary reflection was the figure of the 'Abandoned Mother', modelled on contemporary British metaphors, that represented yet another atrocity story for legitimating the mission enterprise and the emerging colonial regime. It also argues that there were fundamental contrasts in the images of ageing and dying between those of the Xhosa and those of the missionaries. Though older persons found certain themes in the Christian message attractive, they preferred the local cultural model of ageing, old age and death.\n      </p>", "The genus Brachystelma Sims (Apocynaceae) in East Africa (Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda) is revised. One new species, B. arachnoideum Masinde, from SE Tropical Africa and one new variety B. floribundum Turrill var. mlimakito Masinde are described. Sixteen species are recognised, namely, B. arachnoideum Masinde B. buchananii N. E. Br, B. coddii R. A. Dyer subsp. kituloense (Goyder) Masinde, B. festucifolium E. A. Bruce, B. floribundum Turrill, B. gracile E. A. Bruce, B. johnstonii N. E. Br., B. keniense Schweinf., B. lancasteri Boele, B. lineare A. Rich., B. maritae Peckover, B. megasepalum Peckover, B. plocamoides Oliv., B. rubellum (E. Mey.) Peckover, B. simplex Schltr. and B. tavalla K. Schum. A key to the species, descriptions, distribution maps and illustrations of all species are given. All the species are geophytic with the root system comprising a single discoid tuber except for B. arachnoideum with a cluster of fusiform roots.\n      </p>", "South Africa is experiencing the turbulent aftermath of apartheid and the ravages of HIV/ AIDS. Levels of violence are extremely high. In South Africa, violence has become normative and, to a large extent, accepted rather than challenged. Unusual for sub-Saharan Africa, there is a strong national research institute and rigorous data-based scientific literature describing the situation. Much of the research has focused on violence against women. This article reviews the intersection of HIV/AIDS and violence in the lives of women in South Africa. The evidence for the need for positive change is solid. The potential for positive change in South Africa is also very strong. There are suggestions that an African renaissance based on the principle of ubuntu has already begun on national, community, family, and individual levels. If so, it can lead the way to a society with decreased levels of violence and decreased levels of HIV transmission.\n      </p>", "Youth are an increasingly compelling subject for study in Africa, entering into political space in highly complex ways. To pay attention to youth is to pay close attention to the topology of the social landscape-to power and agency; public, national, and domestic spaces and identities, and their articulation and disjunctures; memory, history, and sense of change; globalization and governance; gender and class. In this introduction to the articles in Part 1 (this issue) and Part 2 (October issue), I draw attention to how youth is constructed as a problematic category and how it acts as a \"social shifter\" engaging the social imagination, to how youth contributes to generational debates and constructions, and to how consideration of youth challenges our thinking about agency.\n      </p>", "In order to test the hypothesis that in Central Africa variation in melanin concentration in the human skin largely results from adaptation to ultraviolet radiation, skin reflectance of the inner surface of the arm was measured at 685 nm in three samples: a sample of 415 Sara, who have a long history of habitation in the very sunny savanna of Chad; a sample of 278 Oto, a Konda caste that migrated to the equatorial forest of Zaire less than two millennia ago; and a sample of 122 Twa, a Konda caste that has been in the equatorial forest longer than the Oto. The predicted Sara-Oto-Twa sequence was confirmed and is at least partly genetically based.\n      </p>", "The history of the imperial/colonial elite's preoccupation with saving a handful of specific 'game' species in reserves has come to stand for the relationship of all classes with all wild animals in both South Africa and the wider world of the British empire. The result is a narrative of process and periodization flawed in general and false in the specific case of the Cape Colony/Province, where economics rather than ideology was both the primary motor of game conservation and the mediating factor in human relationships with wild animal species. Here the general trend across the century from 1850 to 1950 was, contra MacKenzian orthodoxy, towards private not public ownership of game propelled by a rural rather than an urban elite. Public ownership was instead restricted to 'vermin' species in which the state created a market in which it became the chief consumer. The Cape's great tradition was refracted through its customary permissive legislation to yield a myriad of small traditions at the regional or local level. Rather than an argument for Cape exceptionalism, its wild animal history is a caution against glib generalizations from the elite archive and an indication of the need to broaden prevailing 'game reserve history' to include the full range of human and animal inhabitants as agents rather than as residual analytical categories in any narrative.\n      </p>", "The following two papers result from a meeting held in the Society's House on 23 February 1989. The first paper provides an overview of the present levels of, and estimated potential for, irrigation agriculture in Africa south of the Sahara. The important contribution of small-scale schemes to the total irrigation area and their favourable economic costs and returns when compared with larger-scale schemes is clearly demonstrated. The examples provided in the second paper indicate the variation of purposes for which large-scale irrigation projects are used, and provide details of the economic impact and returns from some such projects in Southern Africa.\n      </p>", "Fruit trees and shrubs dominate the edible flora of Africa. Does their geographic distribution differ significantly from that of the woody flora in general? Based on analyses of macro-scale geographic variations in the species richness (hereinafter SR) of southern Africa's trees and shrubs, there is a west-to-east trend of increasing edible-fruit-providing SR that is similar to that of woody plants as a whole and in accord with changes in climate and vegetation. Distinct from this pattern, the percentage of edible fruit-providing species increases northwards and towards the interior of Africa, with an unexpected broad subcontinental zone of relatively high percentages of edible fruit species separating rich nutritional resource areas (high edible SR) from nutritional deserts (low edible SR). This is consistent with humans and other wide-ranging vertebrates (e.g., elephants) dispersing edible fruit species into normally less than ideal (nutritional) environments during cyclical and/or episodic periods of wetter climate.\n      </p>", "A standardized analysis of palaeoecological data, in the form of six pollen sequences and forty-four radiocarbon ages, has permitted a region-wide reconstruction of Late Quaternary vegetation dynamics for the interlacustrine highlands of central Africa. A landscape widely dominated by ericaceous scrub and grasslands, but also supporting sparce patches of opencanopied montane forest, possibly in those areas with a topography most favourable to the growth of trees, is indicated for the last glacial maximum of 18,000 yr BP. Major expansions in the extent of upper altitudinal forms of montane forest occurred from around 12,500 yr BP, while lower moist montane forest-the expected climax for much of the region today-did not become prominent until 11,000 yr BP to 10,000 yr BP. From the palaeoecological evidence at least, it appears that the major east Central forest refuge, proposed by some workers on the basis of current species' distribution patterns, did not extend to the eastern flanks of the Albertine Rift. A late glacial-early Holocene transition is only fully chronicled in two of the sites. However, it appears that the expansion of lower montane forest had a time-transgressive pattern across the region, and was not simply from low to high altitude. The composition of forests during the early Holocene appears to have been different to that in the later stages of the present interglacial, as taxa presently associated with wetter and/or more open forest types were much more common. Pollen data also indicate that higher altitude parts of the interlacustrine highlands were more attractive to the earliest (possibly Bantu-speaking) farmers and metalworkers. These is evidence of wide-spread forest clearance around the beginning of the present millennium, possibly as a result of substantial changes in socio-economic conditions, and patterns of settlement, associated with the onset of the Late Iron Age.\n      </p>", "The following two papers result from a meeting held in the Society's House on 23 February 1989. The first paper provides an overview of the present levels of, and estimated potential for, irrigation agriculture in Africa south of the Sahara. The important contribution of small-scale schemes to the total irrigation area and their favourable economic costs and returns when compared with larger-scale schemes is clearly demonstrated. The examples provided in the second paper indicate the variation of purposes for which large-scale irrigation projects are used, and provide details of the economic impact and returns from some such projects in Southern Africa.\n      </p>", "In the 1890s and 1900s in the Transkei, South Africa, colonial relations were severely strained as Cape colonial officials attempted to constrain African men's hunting activities by systematically poisoning and shooting their dogs. For colonial foresters, such efforts were part of a larger strategy to 'protect' flora and fauna by controlling African environmental activities and mobility more thoroughly. Yet on the ground in many areas, state-sponsored dog-killing was drawn into more complex understandings of, and popular frustrations with, transformations in local landscapes and livelihoods during this period. As rural men and women responded to the particular changes in their local political ecologies arising from colonial wildlife preservation policies, they also located conflicts over state forestry and its policies of exclusion within broader popular experiences of political, economic and ecological subordination. In several communities, rumors and stories proliferated, connecting the killing of dogs to other official attempts to poison and bewitch Africans, their animals and their landscapes. Such stories were ways for people to express deeper concerns over the spreading influence of colonial power in their daily practices and its toll on local communities' health and welfare.\n      </p>", "One feature of the contemporary world situation about which there seems to be wide agreement is that \"Africa\" is in dire economic and political straits. There is disagreement only about why this is so. But many commentators agree, whatever their theoretical predelictions, that Africa's declining position within world trade is symptomatic of \"the continent's problems.\" This paper challenges this consensus by using a long time-series of data on Africa's trading patterns and questioning the geographical assumptions about Africa upon which the conventional wisdom is based.\n      </p>", "This paper considers the potential impact of future climate change on the nature and extent of land degradation in South Africa. The basis of the assessment is the comprehensive review published by the Department of Environmental Affairs and Tourism (DEA&amp;T) as a contribution to the South African effort in respect of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification. The DEA&amp;T report is founded on information collated from 34 workshops, one in each of the agricultural regions of South Africa, involving some 453 participants consisting mainly of agricultural extension officers and soil conservation technicians. This analysis reveals that land degradation is underpinned by poverty and its structural roots in colonial and apartheid political planning. Nevertheless, future climate change represents a key challenge to the developing economies of countries like South Africa. Regionally downscaled models predicting the nature and degree of rainfall changes in the future are used to assess the possible impact of future change on the South African land degradation situation. It is concluded that the most severely degraded areas of the country, including large areas of the former 'homeland' states, are likely to become even more susceptible under predicted climate change scenarios.\n      </p>", "During the first half of the nineteenth century, European missionaries in southern Africa sought to establish their intellectual and moral authority over Africans and propagate the tenets of Christianity. Men like Jacob Dohne, Robert Moffat, John Colenso, Henry Callaway and others viewed a knowledge of African languages as key to disclosing 'the secrets of national character', to the translation and transmittal of ideas about the Christian 'God', and to accepting the 'literal truth' of the Bible. Africans, especially the Zulu king, Dingane, disputed these teachings in discussions about the existence of God, suitable indigenous names for such a being (including uThixo, modimo, and unkulunkulu), and his attributes (all- powerful, or merely old), arguing for the significance of metaphor rather than literalness in understanding the world.\n      </p>", "Examination of climatic inferences based on palynological, geomorphic, sedimentological, and other proxy data reveals a coherent picture of a generally wet early Holocene and drier conditions, with a time-transgressive clinal change commencing ca. 4500 B.P. The large-scale climatic periods in Africa during the Late Quaternary were interrupted by abrupt oscillations and rapid transitions. The magnitude and direction of climatic changes show distinct regional variation. However, in the monsoon-domain areas, abrupt drought events occurred conspicuously at ca. 12,000-11,500, 8500, 7500, 4500, 4000-3700, and 2000 uncalibrated radiocarbon years B.P. Further investigations are required to gain a more precise chronology of these events, which appear to have been crucial for some of the most salient developments in Africa's prehistory. /// Des inf\u00e9rences climatiques bas\u00e9es sur des donn\u00e9es d\u00e9riv\u00e9es de la palynologie, de la g\u00e9omorphologie, de la s\u00e9dimentologie et d'autres donn\u00e9es plus approximatives r\u00e9v\u00e8le une image coh\u00e9rente d'un Holoc\u00e8ne initial g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement humide puis de conditions plus s\u00e8ches s'installant progressivement \u00e0 partir de 4.500 B.P. En Afrique, les grandes p\u00e9riodes de la fin du Quaternaire furent interrompues par des oscillations aigu\u00ebs et des transitions br\u00e8ves. La magnitude et la direction de ces changements climatiques montrent des variations locales distinctes. Cependant dans les zones touch\u00e9es par la mousson, des \u00e9v\u00e9nements secs abrupts se produisent vraisemblable \u00e0 ca. 12.000-11.500, 8.500, 7.500, 4.500, 4.000-3.700, et 2.000 ann\u00e9es radiocarbones B.P. non calibr\u00e9es. Des recherches suppl\u00e9mentaires sont n\u00e9cessaires pour \u00e9tablir une chronologie plus pr\u00e9cise de ces \u00e9v\u00e9nements qui semblent avoir jou\u00e9 un r\u00f4le crucial pour certains des \u00e9v\u00e9nements les plus marquants de la pr\u00e9histoire africaine.\n      </p>", "The South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC) is undoubtedly the most widely discussed truth and reconciliation process in the world, and by many accounts, the TRC is among the most effective any country has yet produced. What is the explanation for its success? This article has two objectives. First, it seeks to identify the characteristics of South Africa's truth and reconciliation process that contributed to its performance. Second, it then asks whether the truth and reconciliation process is itself endogenous. Thus, the ultimate objective is to assess whether truth and reconciliation processes can have an independent influence on reconciliation and especially on the likelihood of consolidating an attempted democratic transition. The conclusion of this article is that the truth and reconciliation process in South Africa did indeed exert independent influence on the democratization process through its contributions toward creating a more reconciled society.\n      </p>", "This article serves as an introduction to the existing literature on twinship in African contexts, as well as an introduction to the articles in this special issue of \"Ethnology\". The authors note that the paradoxical nature of twinship for social structure has been a staple of the literature on Africa since the work of Isaac Schapera in the 1920s, but was made more central to the discipline by Evans-Pritchard (1956) and by Turner (1969). The articles in this issue revitalize and resituate the debate about multiple births, bringing to it a social-historical consciousness as well as an understanding of contemporary ritual. This is particularly important since cultural analyses of multiple births now languish in anthropology while multiple births themselves, through new reproductive technologies and media coverage, have become increasingly prominent.\n      </p>", "Four varieties within H. angustifolia Lamarck, the most common species of the genus Hypoxis L. in Africa, are recognized, based in part on differences of seed testa features between populations in Mauritius, Madagascar, and continental Africa. SEM micrographs of seeds of H. angustifolia var. angustifolia, variety luzuloides (Robyns &amp; Tournay) Wiland, and variety madagascariensis Wiland are included, and full descriptions of the above varieties as well as H. augustifolia var. buchananii Baker are given.\n      </p>", "Despite substantial botanical evidence for the kinds of plants and cereals cultivated by early farming communities in southern Africa during the first millennium AD, there remains a poor understanding of where gardens would have been located. Data from archaeological sites in the Thukela Basin of South Africa (e.g. Ndondondwane) are presented in support of the hypothesis that many small plots of vegetables, cucurbits and cereals were planted within settlements as a complement to larger fields placed outside settlements\n      </p>"], "words": {"essay": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "all": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contexts,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lowland": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "themes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supplement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "skin": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "settlement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "removal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 25, "prob": 0.0002070316220099458}, "promoting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "circumstances": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "very": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resistance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ultraviolet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "four": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linguists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apartheid": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obesity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "noted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ten": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contrasting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "direct": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "located": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "universities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neo": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "century,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sub": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deeply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "access": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inferences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fossil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "exercise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supporting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commercial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communicable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "french": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "met": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poverty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "others": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aftermath": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teacher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "biodiversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "farming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "segments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "struggle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problematic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "africa": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trained": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examines": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "total": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "establish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "consumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remains": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "examination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "soil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inner": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rainfall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "missionaries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standardized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "started": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apparent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "about": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "hurt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "town": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "flora": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "edible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abortion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "v": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "following": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "abroad,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "states": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lesotho": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expressed,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attract": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "biography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "needs": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "democracy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "africans": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "feature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "how": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "africa,": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "southern": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "containing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "ambivalent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 32, "prob": 0.00026500047617273063}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "varieties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "third": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "light": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rather": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "african": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "six": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geopolitics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "held": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "through": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "culmination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "group": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maps": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labor": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "urbanization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compelling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "constitutes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "covered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diseases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "safe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genus,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "half": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "antiquity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tourism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "articles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "university": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "truth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "fish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "satellite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constitute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sexual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behaviours": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "safety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "millennium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "standard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proxy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "skeletal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflicts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deindustrialization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "definition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discussing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tenets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "british": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promotion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "south": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "first": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "data,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "biomes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "imperial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "endemic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "twenty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "households": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "regulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "livelihoods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "white": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "molecular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adopts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "park": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "doctors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "population": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "wide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspiration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infectious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "project": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "iron": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "wetland": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "result": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "and": {"number": 54, "prob": 0.0004471883035414829}, "motivation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "urban": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geomorphological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "substantial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shrubs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "concentration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "subjects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "concern": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "vegetation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "centre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "who": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "virus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "propagate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "plays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measured": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achievement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "later": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archaeology": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "principle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nineteenth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reserve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "radiation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "availability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "based": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "northern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "black": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unravel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "founding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hiv": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morphological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trees": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "degradation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "joint": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "during": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "interpreted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "botanical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shaping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "areas": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "h": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "witwatersrand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quaternary": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "flamingos": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "spotted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reveals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achieved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "surveys,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turbulent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eighteenth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arc": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "college": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "sea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cattle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "youth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "away": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "currently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outside": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "approach": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "we": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hypothesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "key": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "article": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "flowering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "precolonial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "concentrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prospects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cryptic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "career": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "region": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foreign": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "became": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "workplace": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genus": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "southeastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "co": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "coincidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adaptation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiencing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pregnancy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "respect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grazing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adults": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "west": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cohorts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "three": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "been": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "strategy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tropical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "commission": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detrimental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linguistic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meeting": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "diversity": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "administration,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kwazulu": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "climate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coherent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plants": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "exception": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "participatory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "as": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "lesser": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "near": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medicinal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "province,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "reflectance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cereals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "century": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 21, "prob": 0.00017390656248835446}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "surface": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 68, "prob": 0.0005631260118670525}, "protein": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mouse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "member": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coalescent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inventory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colonies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "composition": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "european": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "independent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "neolithic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mountain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insects,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fruit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "student": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aggregate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pantropical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "older": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adolescents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "synoptic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relief": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "termination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 129, "prob": 0.0010682831695713203}, "researchers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pollen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unemployment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domestic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valuable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "cape": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "location": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "east": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "careers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conventional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "situation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "game": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "five": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immediately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "semi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "follows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "holocene": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "old": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explaining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sequences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "certain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "images": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hominid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "racial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shrub": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "dunes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "innovation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "biology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "database": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rock": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agreement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expansion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epidemiology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "on": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "stone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "would": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "of": {"number": 88, "prob": 0.0007287513094750092}, "ideology": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "intellectual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immunodeficiency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primarily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultivated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ageing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continent,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "statistics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hazards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "christianity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conservation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "low": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mountains": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "form": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "geographical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incorporation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "segregation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "climatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproductive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "species,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "official": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dacryodes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "origins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "site": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "tanzania": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preoccupations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inadequate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "received": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examine": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "lichen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apocynaceae": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "moves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "anthropologists,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eastern": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "generally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preventing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "role": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "xhosa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "papers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poor": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "picture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kinds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "separate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "period,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vahl": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "peak": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "planners": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "desert": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "land": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lead": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "southernmost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "age": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "space": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "together": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mass": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gardens": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}