{"total_words": 1475, "documents": ["Research into the cognitive neuroscience of aging has revealed exciting and unexpected changes to the brain over the lifespan. However, studies have mostly been conducted on Western populations, raising doubts about the universality of age-related changes. Cross-cultural investigation of aging provides a window into the stability of changes with age due to neurobiology, as well as into the flexibility of aging due to life experiences that impact cognition. Behavioral findings suggest that different cultures process distinct aspects of information and employ diverse information-processing strategies. The study of aging allows us to identify those age-related neural changes that persist across cultures as well as the changes that are driven by culture-specific life experiences.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we study a single-machine scheduling problem with the cyclic process of an aging effect. This phenomenon appears in many realistic production processes. Thus, it is important to consider the phenomenon in scheduling problems. We analyse the single-machine makespan scheduling problem with two different aging effect models and provide a polynomial time algorithm to solve the problem.\n      </p>", "The belief that people are in control of desired outcomes, including those associated with aging, is a hallmark of American culture. Nevertheless, older adults are less likely than the young to believe there are things that can be done to control aging-related declines in areas such as memory. Within age groups, individual differences in control beliefs are related to cognitive performance, health, and well-being. Mechanisms linking perceived control and positive outcomes include adaptive behaviors such as strategy use and physical activity. There is some evidence that control beliefs can be modified in later life, as illustrated in an intervention for fear of falling. Further work is needed to examine the antecedents of perceived control in later life and the implications of control beliefs in other aging-related domains.\n      </p>", "Although reports of intimate partner violence (IPV) decrease with age, a significant number of aging women experience IPV in their relationships. The structure and culture of rural environments may inadvertently conceal violence against aging women and inhibit prevention and treatment efforts. Guided by an ecological community framework, 3 focus groups involving 24 professionals working with victims of IPV in rural Kentucky and in-depth interviews with 10 aging rural women who had experienced IPV were conducted to examine the trajectory of, and community responses to, violence in late life. Findings revealed multiple interacting influences on IPV of aging women in rural areas including the women's families and resources, culture and locality, religion, community support, and government entities.\n      </p>", "Background: The Veterans Aging Cohort Study (VACS) is a study of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infected and uninfected patients seen in infectious disease and general medical clinics. VACS includes the earlier 3 and 5 site studies (VACS 3 and VACS 5) as well as the ongoing 8 site study. Objectives: We sought to provide background and context for analyses based upon VACS data, including study design and rationale as well as its basic protocol and the baseline characteristics of the enrolled sample. Research Design: We undertook a prospectively consented multisite observational study of veterans in care with and without HIV infection. Measures: Data were derived from patient and provider self report, telephone interviews, blood and DNA samples, focus groups, and full access to the national VA \"paperless\" electronic medical record system. Results: More than 7200 veterans have been enrolled in at least one of the studies. The 8 site study (VACS) has enrolled 2979 HIVinfected and 3019 HIV-uninfected age-race-site matched comparators and has achieved stratified enrollment targets for race/ethnicity and age and 99% of its total target enrollment as of October 30, 2005. Participants in VACS are similar to other veterans receiving care within the VA. VACS participants are older and more predominantly black than those reported by the Centers for Disease Control. Conclusions: VACS has assembled a rich, in-depth, and representative sample of veterans in care with and without HIV infection to conduct longitudinal analyses of questions concerning the association between alcohol use and related comorbid and AIDS-defining conditions.\n      </p>", "Basic cognitive mechanisms, such as the abilities to briefly maintain, focus, and process information, decline with age. Related fields of cognitive aging research have been advancing rapidly, but mostly independently, at the biological, information processing, and behavioral levels. To facilitate integration, this article reviews research on cognitive aging at the different levels, and describes a recent integrative theory postulating that aging-related deficiencies in neurotransmission cause increased noise in information processing and less distinctive cortical representation, which in turn lead to cognitive deficits. Aging-related attenuation of catecholaminergic modulation can be modeled by lowering a neural network parameter to reduce the signal-to-noise ratio of information processing. The performance of such models is consistent with benchmark phenomena observed in humans, ranging from age differences in learning rate, asymptotic performance, and interference susceptibility to intra- and interindividual variability and ability dedifferentiation. Although the details of the conjectured sequence of effects linking neuromodulation to cognitive aging deficits await further empirical validation, cross-level theorizing of the kind illustrated here could foster the coevolution of related fields through cross-level data synthesis and hypothesis testing.\n      </p>", "During the past years, yeast has been successfully established as a model to study mechanisms of apoptotic regulation. However, the beneficial effects of such a cell suicide program for a unicellular organism remained obscure. Here, we demonstrate that chronologically aged yeast cultures die exhibiting typical markers of apoptosis, accumulate oxygen radicals, and show caspase activation. Age-induced cell death is strongly delayed by overexpressing YAP1, a key transcriptional regulator in oxygen stress response. Disruption of apoptosis through deletion of yeast caspase YCA1 initially results in better survival of aged cultures. However, surviving cells lose the ability of regrowth, indicating that predamaged cells accumulate in the absence of apoptotic cell removal. Moreover, wild-type cells outlast yca1 disruptants in direct competition assays during long-term aging. We suggest that apoptosis in yeast confers a selective advantage for this unicellular organism, and demonstrate that old yeast cells release substances into the medium that stimulate survival of the clone.\n      </p>", "Despite rising interest in the health problems of the elderly, information on senescence-related alterations in essential metabolic pathways and their responses to various chemicals is scarce. Although peroxisomal pathways are involved in a multitude of cellular functions, little attention has been given to the potential relationship between senescence of these organelles and the process of aging and disease. Although the prevailing experimental evidence points to a decline in liver peroxisomal enzyme activities and a muted response to peroxisome-proliferating chemicals in aged animals, it is also evident that aged animals are more susceptible, in comparison to their young counterparts, to the hepatocarcinogenic effects of these chemicals. Furthermore, little is known about extraperoxisomal effects of peroxisome proliferators in aged animals. This review evaluates published studies on the impact of aging on basal hepatic peroxisomal metabolism, response to peroxisome proliferators, and changes in signal transduction pathways involved in these processes, with the aim of stimulating research efforts in this important area. The potential intricate relationship among senescent peroxisomes, aged hepatocytes, and health are also discussed.\n      </p>", "There are changes in the ability to comprehend and remember information with aging. In general, older adults perform more poorly than younger adults at tasks that require knowledge of the information that was actually encountered. However, they can perform as well as or better than younger adults at tasks involving more global levels of understanding, such as in the use of information in a situation model. This increased emphasis on situation models may serve to compensate for deficits at lower levels of processing and may be achieved through more focused selection of situation-defining information, increased dependence on schemas, and a broader generation and use of inferences.\n      </p>", "Background: Individuals previously exposed to lead remain at risk because of endogenous release of lead stored in their skeletal compartments. However, it is not known if long-term cumulative lead exposure is a risk factor for tooth loss. Objectives: We examined the association of bone lead concentrations with loss of natural teeth. Methods: We examined 333 men enrolled in the Veterans Affairs Normative Aging Study. We used a validated K-shell X-ray fluorescence (KXRF) method to measure lead concentrations in the tibial midshaft and patella. A dentist recorded the number of teeth remaining, and tooth loss was categorized as 0, 1-8 or \u2265 9 missing teeth. We used proportional odds models to estimate the association of bone lead biomarkers with tooth loss, adjusting for age, smoking, diabetes, and other putative confounders. Results: Participants with \u2265 9 missing teeth had significantly higher bone lead concentrations than those who had not experienced tooth loss. In multivariable-adjusted analyses, men in the highest tertile of tibia lead (&gt; 23 \u00b5/g) and patella lead (&gt; 36 \u00b5g/g) had approximately three times the odds of having experienced an elevated degree of tooth loss ( \u2265 9 vs. 0-8 missing teeth or \u2265 1 vs. 0 missing teeth) as those in the lowest tertile [prevalence odds ratio (OR) = 3.03; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.60-5.76 and OR = 2.41; 95% CI, 1.30-4.49, respectively]. Associations between bone lead biomarkers and tooth loss were similar in magnitude to the increased odds observed in participants who were current smokers. Conclusion: Long-term cumulative lead exposure is associated with increased odds of tooth loss.\n      </p>", "This study aimed at evaluating by a quantitative assay the fibrin clot retractile activity (FCR) of C3H embryo fibroblasts during their growth and aging in culture. Cell from primary and subsequent subcultures were tested at defined times from seeding, in a specially devised micromethod. Results indicate that cell-induced FCR has a kinetic similar to platelet-induced FCR; it depends on the number of cells and time of incubation in the system. It is absent or low in cells harvested from primary culture, then increases and remains high in the following doublings decreasing sharply at the end of the replicative life span in culture.\n      </p>", "G.C. Williams's 1957 hypothesis famously argues that higher age-independent, or \"extrinsic,\" mortality should select for faster rates of senescence. Long-lived species should therefore show relatively few deaths from extrinsic causes such as predation and starvation. Theoretical explorations and empirical tests of Williams's hypothesis have flourished in the past decade but it has not yet been tested empirically among humans. We test Williams's hypothesis using mortality data from subsistence populations and from historical cohorts from Sweden and England/Wales, and examine whether rates of actuarial aging declined over the past two centuries. We employ three aging measures: mortality rate doubling time (MRDT), Ricklefs's \u03c9, and the slope of mortality hazard from ages 60-70, m'\u2086\u2080\u208b\u2087\u2080, and model mortality using both Weibull and Gompertz-Makeham hazard models. We find that (1) actuarial aging in subsistence societies is similar to that of early Europe, (2) actuarial senescence has slowed in later European cohorts, (3) reductions in extrinsic mortality associate with slower actuarial aging in longitudinal samples, and (4) men senesce more rapidly than women, especially in later cohorts. To interpret these results, we attempt to bridge population-based evolutionary analysis with individual-level proximate mechanisms.\n      </p>", "Aging is believed to be a nonadaptive process that escapes the force of natural selection. Here, we challenge this dogma by showing that yeast laboratory strains and strains isolated from grapes undergo an age- and pH-dependent death with features of mammalian programmed cell death (apoptosis). After 90-99% of the population dies, a small mutant subpopulation uses the nutrients released by dead cells to grow. This adaptive regrowth is inversely correlated with protection against superoxide toxicity and life span and is associated with elevated age-dependent release of nutrients and increased mutation frequency. Computational simulations confirm that premature aging together with a relatively high mutation frequency can result in a major advantage in adaptation to changing environments. These results suggest that under conditions that model natural environments, yeast organisms undergo an altruistic and premature aging and death program, mediated in part by superoxide. The role of similar pathways in the regulation of longevity in organisms ranging from yeast to mice raises the possibility that mammals may also undergo programmed aging.\n      </p>", "Experimental research and older adults' reports of their own experience suggest that the ability to produce the spoken forms of familiar words declines with aging. Older adults experience more word-finding failures, such as tip-of-the-tongue states, than young adults do, and this and other speech production failures appear to stem from difficulties in retrieving the sounds of words. Recent evidence has identified a parallel age-related decline in retrieving the spelling of familiar words. Models of cognitive aging must explain why these aspects of language production decline with aging whereas semantic processes are well maintained. We describe a model wherein aging weakens connections among linguistic representations, thereby reducing the transmission of excitation from one representation to another. The structure of the representational systems for word phonology and orthography makes them vulnerable to transmission deficits, impairing retrieval.\n      </p>", "Adult age differences have been documented on a wide variety of cognitive variables, but the reasons for these differences are still poorly understood. In this article, I describe several findings that will need to be incorporated into eventual explanations of the phenomenon of cognitive aging. Despite common assumptions to the contrary, age-related declines in measures of cognitive functioning (a) are relatively large, (b) begin in early adulthood, (c) are evident in several different types of cognitive abilities, and (d) are not always accompanied by increases in between-person variability.\n      </p>", "The rapid growth in the number of older Americans has many implications for public health, including the need to better understand the risks posed to older adults by environmental exposures. Biologic capacity declines with normal aging; this may be exacerbated in individuals with pre-existing health conditions. This decline can result in compromised pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic responses to environmental exposures encountered in daily activities. In recognition of this issue, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is developing a research agenda on the environment and older adults. The U.S. EPA proposes to apply an environmental public health paradigm to better understand the relationships between external pollution sources \u2192 human exposures \u2192 internal dose \u2192 early biologic effect \u2192 adverse health effects for older adults. The initial challenge will be using information about aging-related changes in exposure, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic factors to identify susceptible subgroups within the diverse population of older adults. These changes may interact with specific diseases of aging or medications used to treat these conditions. Constructs such as \"frailty\" may help to capture some of the diversity in the older adult population. Data are needed regarding a) behavior/activity patterns and exposure to the pollutants in the microenvironments of older adults; b) changes in absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion with aging; c) alterations in reserve capacity that alter the body's ability to compensate for the effects of environmental exposures; and d) strategies for effective communication of risk and risk reduction methods to older individuals and communities. This article summarizes the U.S. EPA's development of a framework to address and prioritize the exposure, health effects, and risk communications concerns for the U.S. EPA's evolving research program on older adults as a susceptible subpopulation.\n      </p>", "The accuracy of demographic models designed to project future trends of populationlevel health and disease can be improved by incorporating biological data. One barrier to this process are quantitative characteristics of the data themselves. Biological data are characteristically time-dependent phenomena that behave in a nonlinear fashion. To develop accurate projections of the morbidity, disability, and mortality experience among future cohorts in late life, research needs to focus on development of models that create the opportunity to distinguish all-or-none, boundaries, and latency aspects of biological factors driving demographic phenomena, development of methods to identify time-dependent effects, and development of genetically informative samples. This presentation focuses on the biology of adult body size, its behavior as a variable in statistical analyses, and strategies for the incorporation of this variable into demographic models of population aging in the United States. First, several examples of generally observed quantitative characteristics of biological variables are reviewed. To illustrate the nonlinear character of biological data, three general patterns of change with aging are presented. Next, issues concerning the measurement of body size are discussed. Scenarios describing body size over the adult life span are described. By the end of this process, recommendations for starting a dialogue between researchers interested in biological endpoints (individual weight change, disease risk) and those interested in demographic outcomes (population-level disease and disability issues) using body size will be presented.\n      </p>", "Although there is evidence from randomized controlled trials that estrogen therapy protects against aspects of cognitive decline that occur with normal aging in women, findings, from the Women's Health Initiative Memory Study and from some cross-sectional and longitudinal studies failed to find neuroprotective effects of estrogen in older women. There is growing empirical support for the critical-period hypothesis, formulated in the attempt to resolve these discrepancies. It holds that estrogen therapy has protective effects on verbal memory and on working memory only when it is initiated closely in time to menopause, whereas starting treatment many years following menopause does not protect and may even be harmful. Supporting evidence for this hypothesis from basic neuroscience and from animal and human studies is evaluated for its ability to explain the inconsistencies and to describe the conditions under which estrogen may protect cognitive function in aging women.\n      </p>", "Context: The aging of the baby boom generation, the extension of life, and progressive increases in disability-free life expectancy have generated a dramatic demographic transition in the United States. Official government forecasts may, however, have inadvertently underestimated life expectancy, which would have major policy implications, since small differences in forecasts of life expectancy produce very large differences in the number of people surviving to an older age. This article presents a new set of population and life expectancy forecasts for the United States, focusing on transitions that will take place by midcentury. Methods: Forecasts were made with a cohort-components methodology, based on the premise that the risk of death will be influenced in the coming decades by accelerated advances in biomedical technology that either delay the onset and age progression of major fatal diseases or that slow the aging process itself. Findings: Results indicate that the current forecasts of the U.S. Social Security Administration and U.S. Census Bureau may underestimate the rise in life expectancy at birth for men and women combined, by 2050, from 3.1 to 7.9 years. Conclusions: The cumulative outlays for Medicare and Social Security could be higher by $3.2 to $8.3 trillion relative to current government forecasts. This article discusses the implications of these results regarding the benefits and costs of an aging society and the prospect that health disparities could attenuate some of these changes.\n      </p>", "Several investigators studying feral horses (Equus caballus) in the western U.S. have noted anomalies in the age distribution of captured horses that raised concern about the accuracy of aging technique. Possible biases in the aging technique were investigated by assembling records for 60,116 horses removed from public lands in Nevada, Oregon, and Wyoming between 1975 and 1987. Records were consolidated for each state and the resulting age distributions were compared to an expected distribution derived from a population model based on published demographic parameters. These comparisons revealed a tendency for 5-year-olds to be under represented while 6- and 7-year-olds were over represented. There were also higher than expected numbers of horses aged as 15 and 20 years. These apparent anomalies were consistent among states and also among years within each state. The pervasiveness of the trends demonstrates that several biases exist in the current aging technique. Given these uncertainties, it is recommended that development of age-specific demographic variables based on yearly increments beyond age 3 or 4 be avoided, instead lumping data into broad age classes whenever possible.\n      </p>", "Recent feminist research suggests that individual women find menopause an inconsequential or positive experience overall. While recent aging scholarship also documents that contemporary individuals often define aging neutrally or positively, menopause may not resemble other aging processes in meaning and experience. The author argues that menopause, or reproductive aging, may be unique because of its reproductive and aging contexts. Data in this article are based on interviews with 45 middle-class, heterosexual, menopausal women in a midwestern state in 2001. Interviewees propose that, upon menopause, they do not feel old. They explain these feelings by describing their widespread use of contraceptive technologies, greater enjoyment of sexual activity upon menopause, and parallels between menopause and menarche. As women in this sample place menopause within the context of previous reproductive experiences and compare it to other aging processes, they suggest that reproductive aging represents a \"good old.\"\n      </p>", "Cognitive aging is often characterized as a process in which two competing forces determine individual development: a genetically driven senescence process that engenders declines in mental mechanics; and an accumulation of life experience that augments cultural, pragmatic, and knowledge-based competence. The considerable variability in the level and rate of change in complex intellectual activities (e.g., language understanding) is often accounted for in terms of individual differences in abilities associated with these forces. I argue that choice in how effort is allocated may be an essential determinant of cognitive change over the life span--both directly, in the form of attentional engagement, and indirectly, as it sculpts neural substrates that give rise to component abilities.\n      </p>", "In this paper decision making on public pensions in a representative democracy is modeled within the framework of the well-known two-overlapping-generations (OLG) general-equilibrium model with rational expectations. The model is used to analyze the effects of aging on the economy in general and on the evolution of public pension schemes in particular, where aging is interpreted as a combination of a decrease in the rate of population growth and an increase in the political influence of pensioners. Analytical results are derived for the long run as well as for the short run by the method of comparative statics and comparative dynamics respectively. It appears that an increase in transfers to the old is not guaranteed if due to aging their political power increases.\n      </p>", "This article examines the relationships between adults with mental retardation and their nonhandicapped siblings and the effect of these relationships on the well-being of aging mothers. Families are found to differ in their level and pattern of sibling involvement. Mothers whose children provided support to the adult with retardation had better well-being than mothers with no other children or no involved children. These findings are discussed in the context of family systems theory and parent-child relationships during later years.\n      </p>", "Divergent trajectories characterize the aging mind: Processing capacity declines, while judgment, knowledge, and emotion regulation are relatively spared. We maintain that these different developmental trajectories have implications for emotion-cognition interactions. Following an overview of our theoretical position, we review empirical studies indicating that (a) older adults evidence superior cognitive performance for emotional relative to non-emotional information, (b) age differences are most evident when the emotional content is positively as opposed to negatively valenced, and (c) differences can be accounted for by changes in motivation posited in socioemotional selectivity theory.\n      </p>", "Prevailing stereotypes of older people hold that their attitudes are inflexible or that aging tends to promote increasing conservatism in sociopolitical outlook. In spite of mounting scientific evidence demonstrating that learning, adaptation, and reassessment are behaviors in which older people can and do engage, the stereotype persists. We use U.S. General Social Survey data from 25 surveys between 1972 and 2004 to formally assess the magnitude and direction of changes in attitudes that occur within cohorts at different stages of the life course. We decompose changes in sociopolitical attitudes into the proportions attributable to cohort succession and intracohort aging for three categories of items: attitudes toward historically subordinate groups, civil liberties, and privacy. We find that significant intracohort change in attitudes occurs in cohorts-in-later-stages (age 60 and older) as well as cohorts-in-earlier-stages (ages 18 to 39), that the change for cohorts-in-later-stages is frequently greater than that for cohorts-in-earlier-stages, and that the direction of change is most often toward increased tolerance rather than increased conservatism. These findings are discussed within the context of population aging and development.\n      </p>", "This paper was intended to examine how major life events - such as retirement, deterioration of health, and loss of spouse - experienced in the aging process may affect the elderly's life satisfaction. An explanation was also proposed to the change in the effects of age groups on life satisfaction because of the control of the aging effect. A simple form of a longitudinal survey conducted in Taiwan in 1989 and 1993 was used for the empirical test. It was found that life satisfaction among the elderly decreased as age increased beyond 65 years of age. It was also found that social demographic variables, an income decrease, living arrangement, and level of activity participation have a profound impact on life satisfaction of Taiwan's elderly. When the correlates were controlled, the coefficients for age groups greater than 70 turned positive. This change could be explained by two types of cohort experience: (1) from rough to prosperous life experience and (2) cohort norm on life expectancy.\n      </p>", "Population aging is not just the socioeconomic issue of Japan's future, but the political issue as well. The sharing of resources for an aging society will reshape policy strategies and democracy-building. This article will examine the direction and nature of participation by the elderly in the political process of Japanese society.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this research is to examine successful aging in three Asian countries, Indonesia, Sri Lanka and Thailand, using data from the WHO regional studies of Health and Social Aspects of Aging. Successful aging is defined as having no ADL difficulties, and at most, one Nagi difficulty. For the most part, the results are similar to those using more developed populations in that gender, age, no morbid conditions, positive attitude toward one's own aging and the ability to manage money are all correlated with successful aging. An interesting finding is that for the least developed country, Indonesia, being an unskilled worker is significantly associated with increased odds for successful aging. The final section of the paper discusses the theoretical implications regarding a disability transition for elderly populations as countries develop. We also focus on the current political and economic situations in the countries under study, and consider the possible impacts on elderly health.\n      </p>", "We carried out a study on age determination for Spanish red deer (Cervus elaphus hispanicus) from growth marks in dental cementum. We investigated the age at which the first growth layer and first rest line appear in cementum of incisors &lt;tex-math&gt;$({\\rm I}_{1})$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, molars ( M&lt;sub&gt;1&lt;/sub&gt;), and canines (C), and explained how to interpret these marks to determine age. We evaluated accuracy and precision of aging with rest lines of different tooth types. Age was estimated using a standardized counting method and a linear regression analysis, both based on rest-line number in permanent teeth of red deer aged between 4 and 44 months. The first growth layer occurred after dental eruption in all teeth studied. The first rest line appeared at 6 months in molars ( M&lt;sub&gt;1&lt;/sub&gt;) and at 15 months in incisors &lt;tex-math&gt;$({\\rm I}_{1})$&lt;/tex-math&gt;. The second rest line appeared at 18 months in molars and incisors. Each consecutive rest line represented one year more in animal age. Subsequent analysis showed that canines do not give an accurate estimation of the real age. Molars and incisors did not yield the same values for age estimation. Molars gave the best results, aging 75% of animals correctly, while only 49% were aged correctly using incisors. Nevertheless, within a one-year confidence interval, 99% of the animals were aged correctly using molars, versus 86% using incisors. We suggest using the first lower molar for deer aging in Sierra Morena. Use of regression should be preferred to the standardized counting method for age determination when using incisors.\n      </p>", "This paper analyzes the effects of population aging on the preferred legal retirement age. What is revealed is the crucial role that the indirect 'macro' effects resulting from a change in the legal retirement age play in the optimal decision. Two social security systems are studied. Under a defined contribution scheme, aging lowers the preferred legal retirement age. However, under a defined pension scheme, the retirement age is delayed. This result shows the relevance of correctly choosing the parameter affected by the dependency ratio in the design of the social security programme.\n      </p>", "The ability to accurately age mountain lions (Puma concolor) would be a valuable tool for management. However, no reliable or standardized technique is currently available. We tested the accuracy of using gum recession as an aging technique. We measured gum recession of the upper canine teeth in 13 known-age individuals (12 females, 1 male). Gum recession was significantly related to age in months ( ${\\rm R}^{2}=81.0$ , $t_{28}=10.16$ , P&lt; 0.001). The 95% confidence intervals for age estimations of lions based on gum recession ranged from \u00b10.5 to 1.3 years. Gum recession appears to provide reasonably accurate ages for free-roaming mountain lions.\n      </p>", "Neuronal pigments of melanic type were identified in the putamen, cortex, cerebellum, and other major regions of human brain. These pigments consist of granules 30 nm in size, contained in organelles together with lipid droplets, and they accumulate in aging, reaching concentrations as high as 1.5-2.6 \u03bcg/mg tissue in major brain regions. These pigments, which we term neuromelanins, contain melanic, lipid, and peptide components. The melanic component is aromatic in structure, contains a stable free radical, and is synthesized from the precursor molecule cysteinyl-3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine. This contrasts with neuromelanin of the substantia nigra, where the melanic precursor is cysteinyl-dopamine. These neuronal pigments have some structural similarities to the melanin found in skin. The precursors of lipid components of the neuromelanins are the polyunsaturated lipids present in the surrounding organelles. The synthesis of neuromelanins in the various regions of the human brain is an important protective process because the melanic component is generated through the removal of reactive/toxic quinones that would otherwise cause neurotoxicity. Furthermore, the resulting melanic component serves an additional protective role through its ability to chelate and accumulate metals, including environmentally toxic metals such as mercury and lead.\n      </p>", "Because body iron burden is inversely associated with lead absorption, genes associated with hemochromatosis may modify body lead burden. Our objective was to determine whether the C282Y and/or H63D hemochromatosis gene (HFE) is associated with body lead burden. Patella and tibia lead levels were measured by K X-ray fluorescence in subjects from the Normative Aging Study. DNA samples were genotyped for C282Y and H63D using polymerase chain reaction/restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR/RFLP). A series of multivariate linear regression models were constructed with bone or blood lead as dependent variables; age, smoking, and education as independent variables; and C282Y or H63D as independent risk factors and/or effect modifiers. Of 730 subjects, 94 (13%) carried the C282Y variant and 183 (25%) carried the H63D variant. In the crude analysis, mean tibia, patella, and blood lead levels were consistently lower in carriers of either HFE variant compared with levels in subjects with wild-type genotypes. In multivariate analyses that adjusted for age, smoking, and education, having an HFE variant allele was an independent predictor of significantly lower patella lead levels (p &lt; 0.05). These data suggest that HFE variants have altered kinetics of lead accumulation after exposure. Among elderly men, subjects with HFE variants had lower patella lead levels. These effects may be mediated by alterations in lead toxicokinetics via iron metabolic pathways regulated by the HFE gene product and body iron stores.\n      </p>", "A sample of 74 young adults provided information on attitudes toward aging and perceptions of past, present, and future parental health. Ratings of relatively unfavorable parental health were associated with greater anxiety toward personal aging, and a less positive view of friends' and peers' aging. No association was evident with attitudes toward the elderly as a general group. Respondents' self-ratings of health and respondents' sex also surfaced as significant predictors of attitudes. Results suggest the need to consider parental health status at mid-life as it may affect young-adult children's life course perspectives and willingness to participate in family related programs.\n      </p>", "In an attempt to provide support to adults concerned about their aging parents, a program was developed and evaluated. Specific objectives of the program were to: develop educational materials, including audiovisuals, which present both normal and pathological changes that occur with age as they relate to intergenerational relations; provide a group milieu in which the adult children could openly discuss their concerns about their older parent(s); and train participants in active listening and other communications techniques. Overall, the program was found to have limited positive results in contrast to no, or slightly negative change for those in the delayed treatment group. Demographic changes involving family structure as well as increasing numbers of older people make this an area of growing concern for family counselors and family life educators.\n      </p>", "The proximal small intestine responds to starvation by rapidly reducing crypt cell proliferation rate and villus cellularity and to resumption of food intake (refeeding) by abruptly increasing proliferation and the number of villus epithelial cells. We show that villus cellularity responds to starvation and refeeding similarly in young and aging animals. However, as compared to young animals, senescent rats showed increased basal DNA synthetic activity, starvation resulted in a smaller decrease in DNA labeling of crypt cells, and refeeding produced an abrupt broadening of the proliferative zone in older animals without concomitant increased numbers of villus cells. Such altered crypt proliferative responses resemble precancerous changes seen in the colon and the aberrant proliferation found in both small and large intestine after administration of the carcinogen dimethylhydrazine.\n      </p>", "This article is a synopsis of a UN study, with emphasis on Italy and the United States. In March, 2000, the United Nations Population Division published a 143-page booklet entitled, Replacement Migration: Is It a Solution to Declining and Aging Populations? Five projections were developed for eight countries: France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Republic of Korea, Russian federation. United Kingdom and United States, and also for Europe and the European Union; i.e., current projections, current projections with zero immigration, migration required to offset projected population declines, migration required to offset projected declines of working age population (16-64 years), and migration required to prevent any decline in the ratio of the working age population to the old age population (65 years or older). Key findings: demographic shrinking and aging will be accompanied by economic, social and cultural disruptions that can only partially be offset by immigration.\n      </p>", "Total boron concentrations in Drosophila changed during development and aging. The highest concentration of boron was found during the egg stage, followed by a decline during the larval stages. Newly emerged flies contained 35.5 ppm boron. During the adult stage the boron concentration increased by 52% by 9 weeks of age. Adding excess dietary boron during the adult stage decreased the median life span by 69% at 0.01 M sodium borate and by 21% at 0.001 M sodium borate. Lower concentrations gave small but significant increases in life span. Supplementing a very low boron diet with 0.00025 M sodium borate improved life span by 9.5%. The boron contents of young and old mouse tissues were similar to those of Drosophila and human samples. Boron supplements of 4.3 and 21.6 ppm in the drinking water, however, did not significantly change the life span of old mice fed a diet containing 31.1 ppm boron.\n      </p>", "Fast aging in Northeast Asia has significant implications for the geopolitics and security dynamics of the region. The long-term impact of graying populations and substantial increases in social security spending might limit the regional arms race. By 2030, Japan, South Korea, and China will become too old for military rivalry.\n      </p>", "Aging mothers who lived with an adult child with either mental retardation (n = 308) or mental illness (n = 73) were studied prospectively over a three-year period to determine the antecedents and consequences of the end of co-residence between the aging mother and adult child. Different factors predicted the end of co-residence for the two sub-samples, but the consequences of this transition with respect to maternal burden and depressive symptoms were similar for the two groups. There was a high level of contact between the aging parent and adult child with disabilities even after the period of co-residence ended.\n      </p>", "Weed management is complicated by the presence of soil seed banks. The complexity of soil-seed interactions means that seed persistence in the field is often difficult to measure, let alone predict. Field trials, although accurate in their context, are time-consuming and expensive to conduct for individual species. Some ex situ techniques for estimating seed life expectancy have been proposed, but these fail to simulate the environmental complexity of the field. Also, it has beEn Questioned whether techniques such as the controlled aging test (CAT) are useful indicators of field persistence. This study aimed to test the validity of the standard CAT (seed aging at 45 C and 60% relative humidity) in use at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, U.K., for predicting field seed-persistence. Comparison of seed persistence and CAT data for 27 northwest European species suggested a significant positive correlation of 0.31. Subsequently, 13 species of emerging and common weeds of Queensland were assessed for their seed longevity using the CAT. The seed longevity data of these species in the CAT were linked with field seed-persistence data according to three broad seed-persistence categories: &lt; 1 yr, 1 to 3 yr, and &gt; 3 yr. We discuss the scope for using the CAT as a tool for rapid assignment of species to these categories. There is a need for further studies that compare predictions of seed persistence based on the CAT with seed persistence in the field for a larger range of species and environments.\n      </p>", "Pulse pressure increases with age in industrialized societies as a manifestation of arterial stiffening. Lead accumulates in the vasculature and is associated with vascular oxidative stress, which can promote functional and structural vascular disease. /// We tested the hypothesis that cumulative community-level lead exposure, measured with K-X-ray fluorescence, is associated with pulse pressure in a cohort of adult men. /// In a cross-sectional analysis of 593 men not treated with antihypertensive medication, tibia lead was positively associated with pulse pressure (p &lt; 0.001). Adjusting for age, race, diabetes, family history of hypertension, education, waist circumference, alcohol intake, smoking history, height, heart rate, fasting glucose, and total cholesterol-to-HDL ratio, increasing quintiles of tibia lead remained associated with increased pulse pressure (ptrend = 0.02). Men with tibia lead above the median (19.0 pg/g) had, on average, a 4.2-mmHg (95% confidence interval, 1.9-6.5) higher pulse pressure than men with tibia lead level below the median. In contrast, blood lead level was not associated with pulse pressure. /// These data indicate that lead exposure may contribute to the observed increase in pulse pressure that occurs with aging in industrialized societies. Lead accumulation may contribute to arterial aging, perhaps providing mechanistic insight into the observed association of low-level lead exposure with cardiovascular mortality.\n      </p>", "The menopausal transition in human females, which is driven by a loss of cyclic ovarian function, occurs around age 50 and is thought to underlie the emergence of an array of health problems in aging women. Although mice do not undergo a true menopause, female mice exhibit ovarian failure long before death because of chronological age and subsequently develop many of the same age-associated health complications observed in postmenopausal women. Here we show in mice that inactivation of the proapoptotic Bax gene, which sustains ovarian lifespan into advanced age, extends fertile potential and minimizes many age-related health problems, including bone and muscle loss, excess fat deposition, alopecia, cataracts, deafness, increased anxiety, and selective attention deficit. Further, ovariectomy studies show that the health benefits gained by aged females from Bax deficiency reflect a complex interplay between ovary-dependent and -independent pathways. Importantly, and contrary to popular belief, prolongation of ovarian function into advanced age by Bax deficiency did not lead to an increase in tumor incidence. Thus, the development of methods for postponing ovarian failure at menopause may represent an attractive option for improving the quality of life in aging females.\n      </p>", "Despite the growth of biomedical and feminist research on menopause, we still lack a comprehensive definition of what reproductive aging is, when it begins, how long it lasts, and how women experience different menopausal stages. Likewise, while aging scholars have made strides in understanding age identities and the meanings attributable to various chronological ages, we lack an understanding of how chronological age figures into individuals' experiences, medical treatment, and academic research. The gaps in knowledge about chronological age are particularly glaring in regard to women's experiences. In this article I use data from 61 in-depth interviews with menopausal women to explore the ways in which chronological age appears in their discussions of menopause experiences and their interactions with doctors about this reproductive transition. I also describe how chronological age shaped recruitment efforts for my own study. I conclude that, despite unclear information about the age and time boundaries of reproductive aging, we still use chronological age as a way to diagnose and operationalize women's experiences at midlife. I argue that reliance on chronological age hinders understandings of menopause, women's midlife, and women's overall well being. Even though feminist research exists on the topics of menopause and aging already, feminist scholars need to work toward broader conceptualizations of menopause, women's midlife experiences, and aging processes and challenge existing definitions of menopause more directly.\n      </p>", "Aging mammals by the cementum-annuli method to count incremental growth layers in the roots of teeth is a technique that many wildlife managers use to monitor the demographic structure of populations. However, managers of bison (Bison bison) herds have not been able to use this aging technique, because a correlation between the cementum age and the known age of an animal has never been established. This paper presents the results of a study designed to fill that void and establish whether bison can be aged accurately by the number of incremental growth bands present in the roots of their teeth. The results indicate bison do produce regular cementum annuli in the roots of teeth that correspond accurately with age.\n      </p>", "Cognitive functions show many alternative outcomes and great individual variation during normal aging. We examined learning over the adult life span in CBA mice, along with morphological and electrophysiological substrates. Our aim was to compare cerebellum-dependent delay eyeblink classical conditioning and hippocampus-dependent contextual fear conditioning in the same animals using the same conditioned and unconditioned stimuli for eyeblink and fear conditioning. In a subset of the behaviorally tested mice, we used unbiased stereology to estimate the total number of Purkinje neurons in cerebellar cortex and pyramidal neurons in the hippocampus. Several forms of synaptic plasticity were assessed at different ages in CBA mice: long-term depression (LTD) in both cerebellum and hippocampus and NMDA-mediated long-term potentiation (LTP) and voltage-dependent calcium channel LTP in hippocampus. Forty-four CBA mice tested at one of five ages (4, 8,12,18, or 24 months) demonstrated statistically significant age differences in cerebellum-dependent delay eyeblink conditioning, with 24-month mice showing impairment in comparison with younger mice. These same CBA mice showed no significant differences in contextual or cued fear conditioning. Stereology indicated significant loss of Purkinje neurons in the 18-and 24-month groups, whereas pyramidal neuron numbers were stable across age. Slice electrophysiology recorded from an additional 48 CBA mice indicated significant deficits in LTD appearing in cerebellum between 4 and 8 months, whereas 4-to 12-month mice demonstrated similar hippocampal LTD and LTP values. Our results demonstrate that processes of aging impact brain structures and associated behaviors differentially, with cerebellum showing earlier senescence than hippocampus.\n      </p>", "Managing an increasingly negative view of old age as the time of decline, older persons in Japan have shaped pre-funerals as ceremonies of later life celebrating their agency, self-sufficiency, and personal pleasure in steering their remaining years. Whereas new policies have been employed to handle the growing social and economic stress of eldercare on the nation's shrinking younger population, pre-funerals ceremonially engage Japan's aging society, where longevity is considered not a gift but a burden. Using symbols and practices found in various life-cycle rites in Japan, during pre-funerals aging persons express their gratitude and say goodbye to those close to them. By designing, conducting, and consuming their own pre-funerals, older persons playfully construct an age-specific ideal of independence against a treasured, mainstream value of mutual dependence.\n      </p>", "This paper formulates a computable equilibrium model (CEM) of the market for physician services. The simulation results based upon the CEM are consistent with widely held beliefs about the effects of aging on the health care sector, for example, that aggregate expenditures will increase as the population ages. In addition, however, the simulations suggest differential effects on prices and expenditures for various types of services and on expenditures by different types of consumers. For example, prices and aggregate expenditures for services typically used by the elderly are found to increase under \"older\" age distributions, whereas prices and aggregate expenditures for other services are found to decrease. Elderly women are found to be unequivocally worse off under older as opposed to younger age structures; they spend more yet consume fewer services.\n      </p>", "Levels of loneliness are relatively stable across most of adult life, but correlates of loneliness show age differences. We review evidence of age differences in associations between loneliness and individual differences in health behaviors, stress exposure, physiological stress responses, appraisal and coping, and restorative processes. The effects of each of these pathways endow loneliness with the capacity to accelerate the rate of physiological decline with age. Additional research across the lifespan is required to understand the nature of accrued loneliness effects on health behavior and physiology in the short and long term.\n      </p>", "Background. Understanding older adults' expectations regarding aging is important for both clinicians and policy-makers. Objectives. 1) To identify the content for a survey to measure expectations regarding aging; 2) to qualitatively compare older adults' and physicians' expectations regarding aging. Setting. Three senior centers and one university-based internal medicine faculty practice. Participants. Forty-nine adults (mean age 78 years); 11 primary care clinicians (mean age 37 years). Measurements. A facilitator conducted five focus groups of older adults and two of physicians using a standardized script designed to elicit expectations regarding aging. Qualitative analysis by two independent reviewers identified domains of expectations, with a 3rd reviewer used to resolve discrepancies. A corresponding coding scheme was applied to each line of the transcripts. Content and frequency of expectations regarding aging and beliefs regarding care seeking were examined and compared. Results. Content analysis identified 26 domains of expectations regarding aging. Each of the seven most frequently mentioned domains of expectations was mentioned by at least 50% of participants. Of 760 unique statements coded, the most frequently described domains in both the older adult and physician groups were physical function, cognitive function, social function, pain, and sexual function. Older adults differed from physicians by describing five mental-health related domains: anxiety, emotional-well-being, happiness, sleep, and length of life/death. Conclusions. Using focus groups of older adults and physicians, we identified consistent content for a closed-ended patient-centered survey to measure expectations regarding aging. Further study should determine whether physicians address mental health aspects of aging valued by older persons.\n      </p>", "We examined growth of several body components in Laughing Gull (Larus atricilla) nestlings to determine a simple method to estimate age of chicks based on a single visit to the nest. Head-bill length provided the most precise and repeatable estimate of age of the several components we measured. The cubic equation we developed estimated age with a standard error of 1.93 days. Use of head-bill length is a suitable technique for aging Laughing Gull nestlings when a precision of one to two days is sufficient.\n      </p>", "This study examined spatial-learning ability of the least shrew, Cryptotis parva, in a complex maze and the effects of senescence on spatial learning and maximal running speeds. This represents the 1st such study on these parameters for soricids. Shrews from 3 age groups, juvenile (20-23 days old), young but sexually mature (50-54 days), and senescent (20 months), were tested in a maze containing 5 blind alleys. The number of blind-alley errors was recorded during a 10-day training period. On the 1st day of training, there was a significant difference in performance between senescent (123.4 errors \u00b1 14.1 SE) and young (68.9 \u00b1 5.8 errors) shrews and between senescent and juvenile shrews (74.3 \u00b1 7.2 errors). During the 10-day period, there was a significant decrease in mean number of errors: from 74.3 to 3.3 for juvenile shrews, 68.9 to 2.4 for young shrews, and 123.4 to 16.6 for senescent shrews. There was no significant difference in decrease in errors between juvenile and young shrews. Young shrews had significantly higher maximal running speeds (15.3 km/h \u00b1 3.2 SE) in a racetrack as compared with senescent shrews (8.8 \u00b1 2.7 km/h). These results demonstrate for the 1st time that aging impairs running speed and spatial-learning ability in C. parva and that these 2 parameters may be related.\n      </p>", "the effect of pathological aging on explicit memory is very well documented, but relatively few studies have addressed this issue in the musical domain. To examine learning and consolidation of melodies, we designed a melodic recognition task involving immediate and delayed recognition of 16 target melodies (8 familiar and 8 unfamiliar). Seventeen patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease (AD) and 17 age-matched controls were tested. During the initial presentation of the targets, the participant had to decide whether or not the melody was familiar. Recognition was tested after one and three presentations of the target melodies using a yes/no recognition paradigm. Delayed recognition was tested after 24 hours to evaluate consolidation. In keeping with the findings of Bartlett, Halpern, and Dowling (1995), age-matched controls showed better recognition of familiar than unfamiliar melodies. Controls also showed improved performance with multiple presentations for both familiar and unfamiliar melodies, without forgetting after 24-hour delay. In contrast, patients with AD showed impaired learning and recognition of both unfamiliar and familiar melodies with no benefit of familiarity on recognition. Nevertheless, the familiarity decision-based ratings of patients was in keeping with controls. These findings suggest that musical recognition memory is impaired in AD, but the musical lexicon (as assessed by familiarity ratings) is preserved. These findings highlight the need to use both familiar and unfamiliar music in experimental tasks to study the different processes underlying recognition memory.\n      </p>", "In this study, a reverse-engineering strategy was used to infer and analyze the structure and function of an aging and glucose repressed gene regulatory network in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The method uses transcriptional perturbations to model the functional interactions between genes as a system of first-order ordinary differential equations. The resulting network model correctly identified the known interactions of key regulators in a 10-gene network from the Snf1 signaling pathway, which is required for expression of glucose-repressed genes upon calorie restriction. The majority of interactions predicted by the network model were confirmed using promoter-reporter gene fusions in gene-deletion mutants and chromatin immunoprecipitation experiments, revealing a more complex network architecture than previously appreciated. The reverse-engineered network model also predicted an unexpected role for transcriptional regulation of the SNF1 gene by hexose kinase enzyme/transcriptional repressor Hxk2, Mediator subunit Med8, and transcriptional repressor Mig1. These interactions were validated experimentally and used to design new experiments demonstrating Snf1 and its transcriptional regulators Hxk2 and Mig1 as modulators of chronological lifespan. This work demonstrates the value of using network inference methods to identify and characterize the regulators of complex phenotypes, such as aging.\n      </p>", "Until recently, biogerontology was a backwater of biology, but progress in the qualitative and quantitative genetic analysis of longevity has led to a revolution in aging research. This research has revealed that extended longevity is frequently associated with enhanced metabolic capacity and response to stress. Moreover, it suggests that there are multiple mechanisms of aging. Because of its complexity, the aging process takes us into the realm of integrative biology, and thus, biogerontology should prove instrumental in deciphering the functional and regulatory circuitry of the sequenced genome.\n      </p>", "Recent progress in the science of aging is driven largely by the use of model systems, ranging from yeast and nematodes to mice. These models have revealed conservation in genetic pathways that balance energy production and its damaging by-products with pathways that preserve somatic maintenance. Maintaining genome integrity has emerged as a major factor in longevity and cell viability. Here we discuss the use of mouse models with defects in genome maintenance for under-standing the molecular basis of aging in humans.\n      </p>", "In this analysis we used data from the Health and Retirement Study to examine how couples organize transfers of assistance to aging parents and whether the flow of assistance is structured by family lineage. We found evidence of a tradeoff between types of assistance and a unilineal pattern of assistance. Few couples provided both time and money, and few assisted parents and parents-in-law. The determinants of assistance varied by type of care, recipient, and patterns of parental survival. Couples were more responsive to the needs of the wife's parent(s) and were less likely to exclude her parents from care even under circumstances of competition. Controlling for resources, African American and Hispanic couples were consistently more likely to provide assistance.\n      </p>", "This paper is concerned with the manner in which people make sense of one of gerontology's most debated constructs \u2014 successful aging. Gerontologists agree that, as a construct, successful aging is determined by cultural values. In practice, however, the gerontological debate equates successful aging with the delay of the aging process; activity; a future-orientation and managing on one's own. It is this last assumption \u2014 the one associated with self-sufficiency \u2014 that is this paper's point of departure. Understandings of what it means to age successfully are framed, for example, within the realm of either individual or collective oriented ideas regarding the role that family members ought to play in old age. As themes, familial obligations and expectations regarding the necessary family involvement for a good old age to be insured are therefore central to the cross-cultural study of successful aging. Yet, in the gerontological debate, the cultural variation that exists in regards to familial expectations is often disregarded since it is only individualist ideas in this respect that are taken for granted. As part of a preliminary empirical testing of a newly designed theoretical framework for the study of the relationship between cultural values and successful aging, value orientations regarding relational modes (i.e. whether individual, collateral and lineal relationships are preferred) and the understandings of successful aging that follow from them (i.e. whether successful aging is thought to be contingent self-sufficiency, half-sufficiency or dependency upon one's family in old age) have been studied. Henceforth are theoretical and methodological reflections regarding the findings obtained in this study. This article aims to illustrate how the point of departure of the study in question facilitated and/or inhibited the tapping into respondents' conceptualizations of family duties and the role that family members are expected to fulfill if successful aging is to be ensured. Cet article traite de la mani\u00e8re dont les individus se repr\u00e9sentent un des concepts g\u00e9rontologiques les plus d\u00e9battus: le vieillissement r\u00e9ussi. Les g\u00e9rontologues s'accordent pour consid\u00e9rer que le concept de vieillissement r\u00e9ussi est d\u00e9termin\u00e9 par des valeurs culturelles. Cependant, dans la pratique, le vieillissement r\u00e9ussi est trait\u00e9 en g\u00e9rontologie comme \u00e9quivalent \u00e0 retarder le processus de vieillissement, \u00e0 rester actif et productif, \u00e0 \u00eatre orient\u00e9 vers le futur et \u00eatre capable de g\u00e9rer seul ses affaires. Le point de d\u00e9part de cet article r\u00e9side dans cette derni\u00e8re hypoth\u00e8secelle associ\u00e9e \u00e0 l'autonomie. Les compr\u00e9hensions de ce que signifie vieillir de mani\u00e8re r\u00e9ussie sont int\u00e9gr\u00e9es, par exemple, dans des conceptions du r\u00f4le des membres de la famille de la personne \u00e2g\u00e9e orient\u00e9es vers l'individu ou le collectif. Comme th\u00e9matiques, les attentes et les obligations li\u00e9es \u00e0 l'implication n\u00e9cessaire de la famille pour assurer un bon grand \u00e2ge sont par cons\u00e9quent centrales \u00e0 une \u00e9tude interculturelle du vieillissement r\u00e9ussi. Mais, dans le champ g\u00e9rontologique, les variations culturelles li\u00e9es aux attentes familiales sont souvent n\u00e9glig\u00e9es en raison de perspectives individualistes consid\u00e9r\u00e9es a priori comme \u00e9videntes. En tant qu'\u00e9tude pr\u00e9liminaire d'un cadre th\u00e9orique nouvellement \u00e9tabli pour l'\u00e9tude des relations entre les valeurs culturelles et le vieillissement r\u00e9ussi, les orientations de valeur li\u00e9es aux modes relationnels (i.e. si les relations individuelles, collat\u00e9rales et de parent\u00e9 directe sont pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9es) et la compr\u00e9hension du vieillissement r\u00e9ussi qui en d\u00e9coule (i.e. dans quelle mesure le vieillissement r\u00e9ussi est consid\u00e9r\u00e9 comme contingent au fait d'\u00eatre compl\u00e8tement ou partiellement autonome, ou d\u00e9pendant de sa famille dans le grand \u00e2ge) ont \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9tudi\u00e9s. A partir de ces points, des r\u00e9flexions th\u00e9oriques et m\u00e9thodologiques sur les r\u00e9sultats sont d\u00e9velopp\u00e9es dans cette \u00e9tude. Cet article illustre comment le point de d\u00e9part de cette \u00e9tude a facilit\u00e9 ou inhib\u00e9 l'utilisation par les r\u00e9pondants de leurs conceptualisations des devoirs familiaux que les membres de la famille sont suppos\u00e9s remplir afin d'assurer l'accomplissement d'un vieillissement r\u00e9ussi. Este art\u00edculo se preocupa por la manera en que las personas le dan sentido a uno de los conceptos m\u00e1s discutidos de la gerontolog\u00eda -envejecimiento positivo-. Los gerontologistas concuerdan que, envejecimiento positivo en tanto de\u00f1nici\u00f3n, es determinada por valores culturales. Sin embargo, en el debate gerontol\u00f3gico se iguala envejecimiento positivo con retardamiento del proceso de envejecimiento, prolongaci\u00f3n de vida aut\u00f3noma, activa y productiva. Esta \u00faltima aseveraci\u00f3n - asociada a autosuficiencia es el punto de partida de este art\u00edculo. Se conceptualiza lo que se entiende por envejecer positivamente;, por ejemplo, en un marco conceptual individualista o colectivista en relaci\u00f3n al rol que le corresponde a los miembros de la familia. Por consiguiente, temas tales como, obligaciones familiares y expectativas respecto el esencial envolvimiento familiar a fin de asegurar una buena vejez, son centrales en el estudio transcultural del envejecimiento positivo. No obstante la importancia que se le asigna a la variable cultural en el debate gerontol\u00f3gico, a menudo se desatiende las expectativas respecto la familia; generalmente substituida por la noci\u00f3n individualista, a la que se le asigna mayor consideraci\u00f3n. En este articulo se presenta parte de una verificaci\u00f3n emp\u00edrica preliminar de un modelo te\u00f3rico recientemente dise\u00f1ado para estudiar relaci\u00f3n entre valores culturales y envejecimiento positivo. Particularmente se focaliza en el valor de orientaci\u00f3n respecto modos correlativos (es decir si individual, se prepondera nexos colaterales y lineales) y la noci\u00f3n sobre envejecimiento positivo que resulta de ello (es decir si se piensa que el envejecimiento positivo es relativo a la disposici\u00f3n en la vejez de ser autosuficiente, semi-suficiente o dependiente de la familia). A continuaci\u00f3n se exponen reflexiones te\u00f3ricas y metodol\u00f3gicas en relaci\u00f3n a los resultados obtenidos en este estudio. Este articulo ilustra el punto de partida del estudio; la viabilidad y/o inhibici\u00f3n expresa en los participantes en relaci\u00f3n la dilucidaci\u00f3n de la noci\u00f3n deberes familiares, expectativas y rol de los miembros familiares en el proceso de envejecimiento positivo.\n      </p>", "Elastin accumulation in the extracellular matrix of cultured rat aortic smooth muscle cells was monitored as a function of age. The effect of the animal donor age and time in culture in single or consecutive passages on the cells' ability to accumulate total protein as well as elastin was evaluated. Smooth muscle cells were obtained from animals ranging in age from 2 d to 36 mo. Protein accumulation by the cells based on DNA content was similar regardless of which of the above aging parameters was examined. Although there were significant amounts of elastin present in the extracellular matrix of those cells originating from the younger animals (2 d and 6 wk old), little or none was detected in cell cultures derived from the oldest animals. A soluble elastin-like fraction which was isolated from the cultures of the 2-d-old rats seemed to be lacking in the cultures of cells from the 36-mo-old animals. This observation may, in part, explain the absence of insoluble elastin in the matrix of some cultures obtained from older animals. The data strongly suggest that the age of the donor animal from which the cells originate has the greatest influence on in vitro elastin accumulation.\n      </p>", "In polygynous species, adult mortality is generally higher in males than in females, and theory predicts that this should result in the evolution of faster rates of senescence in males. Detailed investigations of sex differences in patterns of aging across the many and varied phenotypic characteristics associated with successful reproduction in wild populations of polygynous vertebrates are currently lacking. Here, we use longitudinal data collected from a wild red deer population to compare aging patterns across a range of life\u2010history, behavioral, and morphological traits in both sexes. While males showed more rapid age\u2010related declines in annual breeding success than did females, there was evidence of variation in aging rates among traits within each sex. Traits associated with male breeding performance showed a rapid decline in old age, whereas the morphology and phenology of antlers, a key male secondary sexual characteristic, showed minimal senescence. Female reproductive traits associated with regulation of estrus and gestation showed delayed senescence relative to traits associated with investment in offspring growth during gestation and lactation. Our results suggest that either natural selection or physiological constraint has caused an uncoupling of senescence rates in different physiological systems and, thus, different reproductive traits in this wild vertebrate population.\n      </p>", "The relative contributions of ovarian and hypothalamic--pituitary factors to the anovulatory status of aging mice were evaluated by measuring the capacity of mice to resume ovulatory cyclicity after receiving young ovaries under the renal capsule. Young grafts partially restored cyclicity if old hosts were acutely ovariectomized but almost fully restored cyclic ovulatory function if the old hosts had been ovariectomized early in adulthood. With advancing age, however, the efficacy of the grafts declined progressively in both acute and long-term ovariectomized groups. These data show that both ovarian and hypothalamic--pituitary aging contribute to the etiology of anovulation. Although chronic withdrawal from ovarian secretions retards the age of onset of hypothalamic--pituitary aging, the duration of this ameliorative effect is limited by progressive ovary-independent neuroendocrine dysfunction.\n      </p>", "Environmental contaminants can alter the course of neural development, with consequences that appear in behavior. Such effects extend into adulthood and sometimes accelerate the rate of aging, even when exposure ceases by birth. The neurotoxicant methylmercury provides an interesting case study that reveals much about how disrupted neural development has lifelong consequences. Methylmercury also provides an example of the assessment and management of risks associated with exposure to developmental neurotoxicants.\n      </p>", "Females are expected to have different mating preferences because of the variation in costs and benefits of mate choice both between females and within individual females over a lifetime. Workers have begun to look for, and find, the expected variation among females in expressed mating preferences. However, variation within females caused by changes in intrinsic influences has not been examined in detail. Here we show that reproductive aging caused by delayed mating resulted in reduced choosiness by female Nauphoeta cinerea, a cockroach that has reproductive cycles and gives live birth. Male willingness to mate was unaffected by variation in female age. Females who were beyond the optimal mating age, 6 days postadult molt, required considerably less courtship than their younger counterparts. Females who were older when they mated had fewer offspring per clutch and fewer clutches than females who mated young. Thus, reduced choosiness was correlated with a permanent reduction in fertility. There was no difference in overall senescence among females, and thus the reduction in clutch size did not result in the expected increased lifespan. We suggest that reproductive aging in N. cinerea, similar to aging in general, occurs because the maintenance of oocytes is costly, and selection is relaxed after the optimal mating period. Our results further suggest that selection for continued choosiness is also relaxed and supports direct selection on female choosiness and a cost to choosiness.\n      </p>", "The role of genetics in determining life-span is complex and paradoxical. Although the heritability of life-span is relatively minor, some genetic variants significantly modify senescence of mammals and invertebrates, with both positive and negative impacts on age-related disorders and life-spans. In certain examples, the gene variants alter metabolic pathways, which could thereby mediate interactions with nutritional and other environmental factors that influence life-span. Given the relatively minor effect and variable penetrance of genetic risk factors that appear to affect survival and health at advanced ages, life-style and other environmental influences may profoundly modify outcomes of aging.\n      </p>", "A pressing need for upcoming decades is ensuring that older adults, who constitute an increasing percentage of the population, are able to function independently and maintain an acceptable quality of life. One important concern is the usability of new technologies. Unfortunately, the science that could direct proper design and implementation of current and future technological advancement is underdeveloped and less mature than the engineering that supports technological advancement. We review data documenting age-related usability issues and how psychological science can remedy such problems. We also outline how training principles can be applied to older adults. We conclude that psychological science has much to contribute to the goal of enhancing the lives of older adults.\n      </p>", "Despite a substantial literature in elderly migration, little is known about the experience of mobility and place in aging. In this paper we explore the meaning of home, place, and migration among elderly seasonal migrants who circulate between northern (summer) and Sunbelt (winter) residences. The central focus is on evolving attachments and relationships with place over the life course. We conceptualize the circle of migration to and from home places in terms of three phases: separation, experience, and return. These phases illuminate universal themes in attachment to place, including the dialectic of home and journey, expressions of autonomy and identity in aging, sense of belonging through place-making and community formation, and reminiscence centered on home places. We glean three strikingly different life-course trajectories in the migrations and place attachments among elderly seasonal migrants: still rooted in home place (circular), suspended between dual homes (pendular), and footloose (linear). Processes in reach, drift, and break from home over the life course are critical in defining space-time paths in aging. This is a promising avenue of research because mobility and migration histories are inextricably bound with evolving place attachments. The space-time paths of large cohorts of baby boomers will shape the geography of aging in the twenty-first century.\n      </p>", "Conductivity was significantly increased by aging and decreased by osmopriming of maize (Zea mays L.) caryopses. Chloride, phosphate, and sulfate were the main anions that leaked out of maize seeds; their leakage was closely related to conductivity, increased by aging, and decreased by osmopriming. The anion leakage of isolated embryos correlated closely to seed vigor and was more sensitive to aging and priming than that of the whole seed. Anion leakage may be a more sensitive measure for seed vigor than bulk conductivity readings. Aging did not increase the sugar leakage of whole seeds but significantly increased the sugar leakage of isolated embryos. Sugar leakage was not closely related to total soluble sugar content of seeds. While priming decreased seed conductivity, the decreased anion and sugar leakage of the primed seeds was mainly caused by the washing effect during priming. The total anions or sugars left in the polyethylene glycol (PEG) solution after priming and in the conductivity solution of the primed seeds was almost the same as in the conductivity solution of the unprimed seeds alone.\n      </p>", "The most important image-stability information comes from natural aging. At Eastman Kodak Company we conduct long-term monitoring of photographic image changes at 24\u00b0C/40% RH, 26\u00b0C/60% RH, with a -23\u00b0C freezer check or control. Results for four products show good correlation between predictions from Arrhenius tests and trade experience.\n      </p>", "Alterations in proteolytic capabilities have been associated with abnormalities in the aged eye lens, but in vivo tests of this hypothesis have been difficult to pursue. To simulate aging, we cultured cells from an 8-yr-old rabbit to early (population-doubling level 20 to 30) and late (population-doubling level &gt;125) passage. Long-lived ($t_{1/2} &gt; 10 h$) and short-lived ($t_{1/2} &gt; 10 h$) intracellular proteins were labeled with $[^{3}H]leucine$ , and the ability of the cells to mount a proteolytic response to the stress of serum withdrawal was determined. For early passage cells, the average t1/2 of long-lived proteins in the presence and absence of serum was 62 and 39 h, respectively. For late-passage cells, the average t1/2 of long-lived proteins in the presence and absence of serum was 58 and 43 h, respectively. The net increase in intracellular proteolysis in the absence of serum was 59 and 35% for early and late-passage cells, respectively. Thus, in vitro-aged rabbit lens epithelial cells mount only 60% the proteolytic response to serum removal shown in \"younger\" cells. The enhanced ability of early passage cells to respond to serum removal seems to involve lower homeostatic levels of proteolysis in the presence of serum and greater enhancement of proteolysis in the absence of serum. Less than 2% of the protein is in the pool of short-lived proteins. Rates of proteolysis of short-lived proteins in the presence and absence of serum were indistinguishable. With respect to basal proteolytic rates in the presence of serum and ability to mount a proteolytic response upon serum withdrawal, these rabbit lens epithelial cells are similar to bovine lens epithelial cells and fibroblasts.\n      </p>", "Eye lenses were collected from black-tailed prairie dogs (Cynomys ludovicianus) in Billings Co., North Dakota, in 1977, and fixed in 5% formalin. Lenses were dried at 95\u00b0C for ca. 96 h to a constant weight and weighed to the nearest 0.2 mg. Eye-lens weight of young increased rapidly during their 1st summer of life, but increases in weight tapered off in older age classes. Young were readily discernible from yearlings, and yearlings from 2-year-olds. Two-year-olds were sometimes difficult to distinguish from older animals. Mean weight of eye lenses for males was slightly heavier than that for females in all age classes, but significantly so only in yearlings. Using weight of eye lenses was a reliable technique for aging young during their 1st summer of life and for separating young, yearlings, and 2-year-olds. For older prairie dogs, we suggest using other aging methods in conjunction with weight of eye lenses.\n      </p>", "The concept of ambivalence emphasizes the complexity of family relations and the potential for individuals to evaluate relationships as both positive and negative. Using multilevel models, we investigate ambivalence in adult children's relationships with their aging parents and in-laws (N = 1,599). We focus on factors predicting adult children's ambivalence toward parents and inlaws within a gendered kinship structure that shapes these relations. We conclude that ambivalence is a useful concept for representing the complexity of parent-child relationships and is produced within the context of social relations structured by gender and kinship. Results show greater ambivalence among dyads of women, toward in-laws, among those in poor health, for daughters providing assistance, and for adult children with poor parental relations in early life.\n      </p>", "Evolutionary considerations predict that rate of aging should vary in direct relation to the mortality rate of presenescent young adults (extrinsic mortality rate) independently of differences in physiology, such as rate of metabolism. This prediction emerges from theory irrespective of the particular genetic mechanisms responsible for variation in aging. Yet this critical relationship has not been confirmed in comparative studies of natural populations. In the present analysis, rate of aging is estimated by the rate of increase in mortality rate ( $m_{x}$ ) with age (x). Comparisons between natural and captive populations of birds suggest that the Weibull model ( $m_{x}\\,= \\,m_{0}\\,+ \\,\\alpha x^{\\beta }$ ) provides a better description of aging than the Gompertz model ( $m_{x}\\,= \\,m_{0}\\,= \\,m_{0}\\mathrm{e}\\,^{\\gamma x}$ ). Rate of aging is quantified by the parameter \u03c9 (dimension: 1/time), which is calculated from the Weibull parameters \u03b1 and \u03b2 ( $\\omega \\,= \\,\\alpha ^{1/(\\beta + 1)}$ ). In this analysis, rate of aging in birds and mammals is directly related to extrinsic mortality (estimated by the initial mortality rate, $m_{0}$ ) independently of taxonomic group and of variation in body size and, by implication, metabolic rate. When time is expressed in years, rate of senescence is related to initial mortality rate by $\\omega \\,= \\,0.294m_{0}^{0.367}$ . This result implies that natural selection in response to variation among taxa in $m_{0}$ has resulted in the evolutionary modification of factors that influence the rate of aging in natural populations. The potential strength of selection on factors that could further reduce rate of aging is indicated by the proportion of deaths due to aging\u2010related causes. Although species with low initial mortality rates also exhibit reduced rates of increase in mortality rate with age (i.e., delayed senescence), the relatively high proportion of aging\u2010related deaths in such species suggests that further evolutionary responses leading to long life are severely constrained. This argues against mutation accumulation and antagonistic pleiotropy as genetic mechanisms underlying senescence and suggests, instead, that rate of aging represents a balance between wear and tear, on the one hand, and genetically controlled mechanisms of prevention and repair, on the other. Evidently, remedies for extreme physiological deterioration in old age either are not within the range of genetic variation or are too costly to be favored by selection.\n      </p>", "Many studies of caloric restriction (CR) in rodents and lower animals indicate that this nutritional manipulation retards aging processes, as evidenced by increased longevity, reduced pathology, and maintenance of physiological function in a more youthful state. The anti-aging effects of CR are believed to relate, at least in part, to changes in energy metabolism. We are attempting to determine whether similar effects occur in response to CR in nonhuman primates. Core (rectal) body temperature decreased progressively with age from 2 to 30 years in rhesus monkeys fed ad lib (controls) and is reduced by \u2248 0.5 degrees C in age-matched monkeys subjected to 6 years of a 30% reduction in caloric intake. A short-term (1 month) 30% restriction of 2.5-year-old monkeys lowered subcutaneous body temperature by 1.0 degrees C. Indirect calorimetry showed that 24-hr energy expenditure was reduced by approximately 24% during short-term CR. The temporal association between reduced body temperature and energy expenditure suggests that reductions in body temperature relate to the induction of an energy conservation mechanism during CR. These reductions in body temperature and energy expenditure are consistent with findings in rodent studies in which aging rate was retarded by CR, now strengthening the possibility that CR may exert beneficial effects in primates analogous to those observed in rodents.\n      </p>", "A wild-type strain of Drosophila melanogaster was successfully selected for both fast and slow larval development. The realized heritabilities (h2) ranged from 0.20 to 0.30 for the fast lines and 0.35 to 0.60 for the slow lines. The selection applied is relevant in relation to the evolution of aging. The longevity of adults, either virgin or mated, was not affected by selection for developmental time, indicating that developmental time is not a causal determinant of life span, thus confirming the results of the studies on environmental effects on aging (Zwaan et al. 1991, 1992). However, adult body weights were higher in the slow developmental lines and lower in the fast lines, relative to the control flies. Furthermore, slow females showed relatively high early fecundity and low late fecundity, as compared with control and fast females. Mated longevities and total lifetime progeny productions were not statistically different. Previous results obtained by other authors from selection experiments on age at reproduction either supported the mutation accumulation or the negative pleiotropy theory of aging (Luckinbill et al. 1984; Rose 1984b). The impact of the reported results on the interpretation of these studies is discussed, and it is noted that direct selection on adult longevity is needed to settle this issue.\n      </p>", "This paper analyzes a social security policy with public debt in an overlapping generations growth model. In particular, the paper considers a situation in which population aging causes a heavy burden of social security payments where public debt is issued by the government to finance the payment. In the model presented below, an economy with an aging population may achieve two dynamically inefficient equilibria. Under certain conditions, the effects of pension reform and population aging on capital accumulation are entirely different between the two equilibria.\n      </p>", "Little research is available on older Chinese's attitudes toward aging in modern Chinese societies. This study examined attitudes toward aging of older Chinese in Guangzhou, Hong Kong, and Taipei. Data were collected using face-to-face and telephone interviews with a mixed purposive and random sample of 1,504 aging Chinese 55 years or older. Attitudes toward aging were measured by five statements on perception toward older people. Hierarchical multiple regression analysis was used by examining the effects of socio-demographic variables, health variables, and geographical location. Separate analysis was conducted for each location. Socio-demographic variables like being young, high education, better financial status, and higher social support explained the largest portion of variance, followed by better physical and mental health. Participants in Hong Kong and Taipei reported a less positive attitude than participants in Guangzhou. Differences in socio-cultural environment, quality of life issues, and family life circumstance are potential reasons for geographical differences. Further research is recommended.\n      </p>", "Upon nutritional limitation, the bacterium Bacillus subtilis has the capability to enter the irreversible process of sporulation. This developmental process is bistable, and only a subpopulation of cells actually differentiates into endospores. Why a cell decides to sporulate or not to do so is poorly understood. Here, through the use of time-lapse microscopy, we follow the growth, division, and differentiation of individual cells to identify elements of cell history and ancestry that could affect this decision process. These analyses show that during microcolony development, B. subtilis uses a bet-hedging strategy whereby some cells sporulate while others use alternative metabolites to continue growth, providing the latter subpopulation with a reproductive advantage. We demonstrate that B. subtilis is subject to aging. Nevertheless, the age of the cell plays no role in the decision of its fate. However, the physiological state of the cell's ancestor (more than two generations removed) does affect the outcome of cellular differentiation. We show that this epigenetic inheritance is based on positive feedback within the sporulation phosphorelay. The extended intergenerational \"memory\" caused by this autostimulatory network may be important for the development of multicellular structures such as fruiting bodies and biofilms.\n      </p>", "We review the aging phenomenon in the context of the simplest trap model, Bouchaud's REM-like trap model, from a spectral theoretic point of view. We show that the generator of the dynamics of this model can be diagonalized exactly. Using this result, we derive closed expressions for correlation functions in terms of complex contour integrals that permit an easy investigation into their large time asymptotics in the thermodynamic limit. We also give a \"grand canonical\" representation of the model in terms of the Markov process on a Poisson point process. In this context we analyze the dynamics on various time scales.\n      </p>", "The superficial zone (SZ) of articular cartilage is critical in maintaining tissue function and homeostasis and represents the site of the earliest changes in osteoarthritis. Mechanisms that regulate the unique phenotype of SZ chondrocytes and maintain SZ integrity are unknown. We recently demonstrated that expression of the chromatin protein high mobility group box (HMGB) protein 2 is restricted to the SZ in articular cartilage suggesting a tr The superficial zone (SZ) of articular cartilage is critical in maintaining tissue function and homeostasis and represents the site of the earliest changes in osteoarthritis. Mechanisms that regulate the unique phenotype of SZ chondrocytes and maintain SZ integrity are unknown. We recently demonstrated that expression of the chromatin protein high mobility group box (HMGB) protein 2 is restricted to the SZ in articular cartilage suggesting a transcriptional regulation involving HMGB2 in SZ. Here, we show that an interaction between HMGB2 and the Wnt/\u03b2-catenin pathway regulates the maintenance of the SZ. We found that the Wnt/\u03b2-catenin pathway is active specifically in the SZ in normal mouse knee joints and colocalizes with HMGB2. Both Wnt signaling and HMGB2 expression decrease with aging in mouse joints. Our molecular studies show that HMGB2 enhances the binding of Lef-1 to its target sequence and potentiates transcriptional activation of the Lef-1-\u03b2-catenin complex. The HMG domain within HMGB2 is crucial for interaction with Lef-1, suggesting that both HMGB2 and HMGB1 may be involved in this function. Furthermore, conditional deletion of \u03b2-catenin in cultured mouse chondrocytes induced apoptosis. These findings define a pathway where protein interactions of HMGB2 and Lef-1 enhance Wnt signaling and promote SZ chondrocyte survival. Loss of the HMGB2-Wnt signaling interaction is a new mechanism in aging-related cartilage pathology.anscriptional regulation involving HMGB2 in SZ. Here, we show that an interaction between HMGB2 and the Wnt/\u03b2-catenin pathway regulates the maintenance of the SZ. We found that the Wnt/\u03b2-catenin pathway is active specifically in the SZ in normal mouse knee joints and colocalizes with HMGB2. Both Wnt signaling and HMGB2 expression decrease with aging in mouse joints. Our molecular studies show that HMGB2 enhances the binding of Lef-1 to its target sequence and potentiates transcriptional activation of the Lef-1-\u03b2-catenin complex. The HMG domain within HMGB2 is crucial for interaction with Lef-1, suggesting that both HMGB2 and HMGB1 may be involved in this function. Furthermore, conditional deletion of \u03b2-catenin in cultured mouse chondrocytes induced apoptosis. These findings define a pathway where protein interactions of HMGB2 and Lef-1 enhance Wnt signaling and promote SZ chondrocyte survival. Loss of the HMGB2-Wnt signaling interaction is a new mechanism in aging-related cartilage pathology.\n      </p>", "Let $E_{i}$ be a collection of i.i.d. exponential random variables. Bouchaud's model on \u2124 is a Markov chain X(t) whose transition rates are given by $\\omega_{ij} = \\nu exp(-\\beta((1 - a)E_{i} - aE_{j}))$ if i, j are neighbors in \u2124. We study the behavior of two correlation functions: $\\mathbb{P}[X(t_{w} + t) = X(t_{w})]$ and $\\mathbb{P}[X(t^\\prime) = X(t_{w}) \\forall t^\\prime \\epsilon [t_{w}, t_{w} + t]]$. We prove the (sub)aging behavior of these functions when $\\beta &gt; 1$ and $a \\epsilon [0, 1]$.\n      </p>", "Mitotic homologous recombination (HR) is critical for the repair of double-strand breaks, and conditions that stimulate HR are associated with an increased risk of deleterious sequence rearrangements that can promote cancer. Because of the difficulty of assessing HR in mammals, little is known about HR activity in mammalian tissues or about the effects of cancer risk factors on HR in vivo. To study HR in vivo, we have used fluorescent yellow direct repeat mice, in which an HR event at a transgene yields a fluorescent phenotype. Results show that HR is an active pathway in the pancreas throughout life, that HR is induced in vivo by exposure to a cancer chemotherapeutic agent, and that recombinant cells accumulate with age in pancreatic tissue. Furthermore, we developed an in situ imaging approach that reveals an increase in both the frequency and the sizes of isolated recombinant cell clusters with age, indicating that both de novo recombination events and clonal expansion contribute to the accumulation of recombinant cells with age. This work demonstrates that aging and exposure to a cancer chemotherapeutic agent increase the frequency of recombinant cells in the pancreas, and it also provides a rapid method for revealing additional factors that modulate HR and clonal expansion in vivo.\n      </p>", "We have compared the growth rates, kinetics of cell aging, and replicative life spans of skin fibroblast cell cultures derived from three pairs of monozygotic twins of similar ages. The results of these studies indicated no significant differences in the cell densities 7 days after inoculation or replicative life spans within each twin pair but highly significant differences among each twin pair. The kinetics by which each culture aged ( $[^{3}H]thymidine-labeled$ nuclei) were compared within and among the twin cell cultures. Although the slopes of each regression line were not significantly different, comparisons of the elevations of each line supported the conclusion that the aging of monozygotic twin cell cultures is similar within the twin pairs but differs among the twin pairs.\n      </p>", "The aging of the United States population is creating an increased need for social workers and other helping professionals with training in gerontology. Recent estimates indicate that less than 3% of MSW students are enrolled in an aging concentration, as compared to 19.0% enrolled in children/youth concentrations. This study (N=126) examines factors that affect the willingness of social work students to accept jobs in aging. Results of a hierarchical logistic regression indicate that age and personal/professional experiences with older people (but not gender, race, or educational level) significantly predicted willingness to accept jobs in aging.\n      </p>", "The evolutionary explanation of senescence proposes that selection against alleles with deleterious effects manifested only late in life is weak because most individuals die earlier for extrinsic reasons. This argument also applies to alleles whose deleterious effects are nongenetically transmitted from mother to progeny, that is, that affect the performance of progeny produced at late ages rather than of the aging individuals themselves. We studied the effect of maternal age on offspring viability (egg hatching success and larva-to-adult survival) in two sets of Drosophila melanogaster lines (HAM/LAM and YOUNG/OLD), originating from two long-term selection experiments. In each set, some lines (HAM and YOUNG, respectively) have been selected for early reproduction, whereas later reproduction was favored in their counterparts (LAM and OLD). In the HAM and LAM lines, both egg hatching success and larval viability declined with mother's age and did so with accelerating rates. The hatching success declined significantly faster with maternal age in HAM than in LAM lines, according to one of two statistical approaches used. Egg hatching success also declined with maternal age in YOUNG and OLD lines, with no difference between the selection regimes. However, the relationship between mother's age and offspring larva-to-adult viability differed significantly between these two selection regimes: a decline of larval viability with maternal age occurred in YOUNG lines but not in OLD lines. This suggests that the rate with which offspring viability declines with mother's age responded to selection for early versus late reproduction. We suggest broadening the evolutionary concept of senescence to include intrinsically caused declines in offspring quality with maternal age.\n      </p>", "We know very little about aging (senescence) in natural populations, and even less about plant aging. Demographic aging is identified by an increasing rate of mortality following reproductive maturity. In natural populations, quantifying aging is often confounded because changes in mortality may be influenced by both short- and long-term environmental fluctuations as well as age-dependent changes in performance. Plants can be easily marked and monitored longitudinally in natural populations yet the age-dependent dynamics of mortality are not known. This study was designed to determine whether a plant species, Plantago lanceolata, shows demographic aging in its natural environment. A large, multiple-cohort design was used to separate age-independent and age-dependent processes. Seven years of results show environmental influences on mortality as evidenced by synchronous changes in mortality across four cohorts over time. Age-dependent mortality was found through an age-by-environment interaction when the oldest cohorts had significantly higher mortality relative to the younger cohorts during times of stress. Neither size nor quantity of reproduction could explain this variation in mortality across cohorts. These results demonstrate demographic senescence in a natural population of plants.\n      </p>", "Many studies have found that older parents have shorter-lived offspring. However, the evolutionary significance of these findings is poorly understood. We carried out large-scale demographic experiments to examine the direct effect of maternal age and paternal age on offspring aging in inbred and outbred strains of the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster. We found that the age of mothers and, to a lesser extent, the age of fathers can have a large influence on both offspring longevity and the shape of the age-specific mortality trajectory. In two independent experiments we found that older mothers generally produced shorter-lived offspring, although the exact effect of maternal age on offspring longevity differed among strains. These results suggest that maternal age effects on progeny aging may influence the evolution of aging.\n      </p>", "Cell proliferation and collagen synthesis were analyzed in high, medium, and low density keloid and normal skin fibroblasts and also at various times during the course of in vitro aging to expand previous findings of increased collagen synthesis in keloid compared to normal skin fibroblasts. It was found that both keloid and normal fibroblasts (&amp;lt;20 population doublings) responded similarly to high, medium, and low initial plating densities; however, sparsely plated keloid fibroblasts exhibited a loss of replicative capacity earlier in their in vitro lifespan than did sparsely plated normal skin fibroblasts. When analyzed at population doubling levels 2 to 38, collagen synthesis was elevated in keloid compared to normal skin fibroblasts but decreased at the same rate in both cell types throughout this in vitro interval.\n      </p>", "Several premature aging diseases have been recognized in the past century. These diseases result in shortened life spans of cells and cause the accumulation of labile, abnormal enzymes in them. The accumulation of abnormal enzymes during normal and premature aging appears to be due to defects in enzyme breakdown rather than synthesis.\n      </p>", "Human genetic diseases that resemble accelerated aging provide useful models for gerontologists. They combine known single-gene mutations with deficits in selected tissues that are reminiscent of changes seen during normal aging. Here, we describe recent progress toward linking molecular and cellular changes with the phenotype seen in two of these disorders. One in particular, Werner syndrome, provides evidence to support the hypothesis that the senescence of somatic cells may be a causal agent of normal aging.\n      </p>", "Common snipe (Gallinago gallinago delicata) harvest surveys and banding programs have been hampered by the inability to externally distinguish between age and sex cohorts. We measured 11 skeletal and 34 plumage characteristics on 152 male and 220 female snipe that had been internally sexed. We also compared coloration of plumage and soft parts between 131 hatch-year (HY) and 93 after-hatch-year (AHY) snipe that were aged internally using presence or absence of the bursa of Fabricius. Using discriminant analysis of morphological characteristics, we developed 5 discriminant models to sex common snipe. Discriminant equations for sexing common snipe contained 1-4 variables and were tested using cross-validation (i.e., jacknifing) and an independent sample of 99 birds. Common snipe could be correctly sexed 73-91% of the time, depending on the model. To facilitate a parts-collection survey to determine sex ratio in the harvest, we derived 3 discriminant models using strictly feather measurements. After-hatch-year and HY common snipe showed no consistent differences in plumage and soft part coloration. However, once snipe were sexed, they could be aged using 1 of 4 discriminant functions that aged snipe with 77.5-84.1% accuracy. These aging and sexing techniques will be useful in monitoring snipe populations, establishing harvest surveys, and conducting future research on common snipe.\n      </p>", "The pathological hallmark of Alzheimer disease is the accumulation of neurofibrillary tangles and neuritic plaques in the brains of patients. Plaque cores contain a 4- to 5-kDa amyloid \u03b2-protein fragment which is also found in the cerebral blood vessels of affected individuals. Since amyloid deposition in the brain increases with age even in normal people, we sought to establish whether the disease state bears a direct relationship with normal aging processes. As a model for biological aging, the process of cellular senescence in vitro was used. mRNA levels of \u03b2-amyloid precursor protein associated with Alzheimer disease were compared in human fibroblasts in culture at early passage and when the same fibroblasts were grown to senescence after more than 52 population doublings. A dramatic increase in mRNA was observed in senescent IMR-90 fibroblasts compared with early-passage cells. Hybridization of mRNA from senescent and early proliferating fibroblasts with oligonucleotide probes specific for the three alternatively spliced transcripts of the gene gave similar results, indicating an increase during senescence of all three forms. A similar, though more modest, increase in message levels was also observed in early-passage fibroblasts made quiescent by serum deprivation; with repletion of serum, however, the expression returned to previous low levels. ELISAs were performed on cell extracts from senescent, early proliferating, and quiescent fibroblasts, and quiescent fibroblasts repleted with serum for over 48 hr, using polyclonal antibodies to a synthetic peptide of the \u03b2-amyloid precursor. The results confirmed that the differences in mRNA expression were partially reflected at the protein level. Regulated expression of \u03b2-amyloid precursor protein may be an important determinant of growth and metabolic responses to serum and growth factors under physiological as well as pathological conditions.\n      </p>", "The maintenance of cell number homeostasis in normal tissues reflects a highly regulated balance between the rates of cell proliferation and cell death. Under pathologic conditions such as exposure to cytotoxic, genotoxic, or nongenotoxic agents, an imbalance in these rates may indicate subsequent risk of carcinogenesis. Apoptotic cell death, as opposed to necrotic cell death, provides a protective mechanism by selective elimination of senescent, preneoplastic, or superfluous cells that could negatively affect normal function and/or promote cell transformation. The relative efficiency or dysfunction of the cell death program could therefore have a direct impact on the risk of degenerative or neoplastic disease. Dietary restriction of rodents is a noninvasive intervention that has been reproducibly shown to retard tumor development and most physiologic indices of aging relative to ad libitum-fed animals. As such, it provides a powerful model in which to study common mechanistic processes associated with both aging and cancer. In a recent study we established that chronic dietary restriction (DR) induces an increase in spontaneous apoptotic rate and a decrease in cell proliferation rate in hepatocytes of 12-month-old B6C3F1 DR mice relative to ad libitum (AL)-fed mice. This diet-induced shift in cell death/proliferation rates was associated with a marked reduction in subsequent development of spontaneous hepatoma and a marked increase in disease-free life span in DR relative to AL-fed mice. These results suggest that total caloric intake may modulate the rates of cell death and proliferation in a direction consistent with a cancer-protective effect in DR mice and a cancer-promoting effect in AL mice. To determine whether the increase in spontaneous apoptotic rate was maintained over the life span of DR mice, apoptotic rates were quantified in 12-, 18-, 24- and 30-month-old DR and AL mice. The rate of apoptosis was elevated with age in both diet groups; however, the rate of apoptosis was significantly and consistently higher in DR mice regardless of age. In double-labeling experiments, an age-associated increase in the glutathione S-transferase-II expression in putative preneoplastic hepatocytes in AL mice was rapidly reduced by apoptosis upon initiation of DR. Thus, interventions that promote a low-level increase in apoptotic cell death may be expected to protect genotypic and phenotypic stability with age. If during tumor promotion an adaptive increase in apoptosis effectively balances the dysregulated increase proliferation, the risk of permanent genetic error and carcinogenesis would be minimized.\n      </p>", "A significant proportion of people age 60 or older are living, and aging in place, in age-integrated multifamily housing developments. Multifamily housing is a major but largely unacknowledged and unexplored retirement housing choice of older people. Findings from a descriptive, exploratory study of one segment of multifamily housing are reported on (1) the extent of aging in place in multifamily housing, as measured by the number and proportion of householders age 60 or older, and (2) the level of environmental support for aging in place in these developments, as measured by the presence of 58 indicators of a development's capacity to enable elderly tenants to age in place successfully. A mail survey of site managers collected data on 300 multifamily developments in New York state, representing 3 types of subsidized multifamily housing, 3 geographic settings, and 3 major government supervising agencies. Of the questionnaire's 130 items, 58 (\u03b1 = .8237) collected data on environmental elements that can affect the well-being of elderly tenants and their ability to successfully age in place. Factor analysis sorted the 58 indicators into 4 groups, which were used to score each development's level of environmental support. Associations are drawn between level of environmental support and five independent variables. The results of the study show that aging in place is occurring at the same rate across all areas of the state and that the number of households headed by an elderly person varies widely. The results also show that the level of environmental support is low and varies widely within individual developments.\n      </p>", "We used an in vitro fertilization system to examine the effects of postovulatory oocyte age on nondisjunction at the second meiotic division. After ovulatory-inducing injections of hormone, we recovered mouse oocytes either at the estimated time of ovulation (controls) or 2, 4, 5, 10, or 14 h later. Oocytes were subjected to an in vitro fertilization procedure, and chromosomal preparations were made from first cleavage metaphase eggs. The first cleavage assay reveals morphologically distinguishable paternal and maternal chromosomes. Many of the aged oocytes were activated rather than fertilized by the in vitro procedure, but could still be analyzed for nondisjunction. We found a tendency toward retention of the second polar body after 10 and 14 h aging. A total of 488 maternal genomes, 290 of which were in the control group, were analyzable for nondisjunction. Seven hyperhaploid genomes (2.4%) were observed in the controls and 6 (3.0%) in the combined aged group. The difference between these two frequencies is not significant ( $G_{adj} = 0.164$ , P &gt; 0.50). In the aged group, one hyperhaploid genome was in the 2-h population, three in the 5-h population, and two in the 10-h population. We were unable to find any significant increase in the frequency of nondisjunction after postovulatory oocyte aging.\n      </p>", "Most aging individuals die from atherosclerosis, cancer, or dementia; but in the oldest old, loss of muscle strength resulting in frailty is the limiting factor for an individual's chances of living an independent life until death. Three hormonal systems show decreasing circulating hormone concentrations during normal aging: (i) estrogen (in menopause) and testosterone (in andropause), (ii) dehydroepiandrosterone and its sulphate (in adrenopause), and (iii) the growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor I axis (in somatopause). Physical changes during aging have been considered physiologic, but there is evidence that some of these changes are related to this decline in hormonal activity. Hormone replacement strategies have been developed, but many of their aspects remain controversial, and increasing blood hormone levels in aging individuals to those found during mid-adult life has not been uniformly proven to be safe and of benefit.\n      </p>", "Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome (HGPS; Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man accession no. 176670) is a rare disorder that is characterized by segmental premature aging and death between 7 and 20 years of age from severe premature atherosclerosis. Mutations in the LMNA gene are responsible for this syndrome. Approximately 80% of HGPS cases are caused by a G608 (GGC--GGT) mutation within exon 11 of LMNA, which elicits a deletion of 50 aa near the C terminus of prelamin A. In this article, we present evidence that the mutant lamin A (progerin) accumulates in the nucleus in a cellular age-dependent manner. In human HGPS fibroblast cultures, we observed, concomitantly to nuclear progerin accumulation, severe nuclear envelope deformations and invaginations preventable by farnesyltransferase inhibition. Nuclear alterations affect cell-cycle progression and cell migration and elicit premature senescence. Strikingly, skin biopsy sections from a subject with HGPS showed that the truncated lamin A accumulates primarily in the nuclei of vascular cells. This finding suggests that accumulation of progerin is directly involved in vascular disease in progeria.\n      </p>", "The insulin/insulin-like growth factor-like signaling pathway, present in all multicellular organisms, regulates diverse functions including growth, development, fecundity, metabolic homeostasis, and lifespan. In flies, ligands of the insulin/insulin-like growth factor-like signaling pathway, the Drosophila insulin-like peptides, regulate growth and hemolymph carbohydrate homeostasis during development and are expressed in a stage- and tissue-specific manner. Here, we show that ablation of Drosophila insulin-like peptide-producing median neurosecretory cells in the brain leads to increased fasting glucose levels in the hemolymph of adults similar to that found in diabetic mammals. They also exhibit increased storage of lipid and carbohydrate, reduced fecundity, and reduced tolerance of heat and cold. However, the ablated flies show an extension of median and maximal lifespan and increased resistance to oxidative stress and starvation.\n      </p>", "Most research on life span and aging has been based on captive populations of short\u2010lived animals; however, we know very little about the expression of these traits in wild populations of such organisms. Because life span and aging are major components of fitness, the extent to which the results of many evolutionary studies in the laboratory can be generalized to natural settings depends on the degree to which the expression of life span and aging differ in natural environments versus laboratory environments and whether such environmental effects interact with phenotypic variation. We investigated life span and aging in Telostylinus angusticollis in the wild while simultaneously estimating these parameters under a range of conditions in a laboratory stock that was recently established from the same wild population. We found that males live less than one\u2010fifth as long and age at least twice as rapidly in the wild as do their captive counterparts. In contrast, we found no evidence of aging in wild females. These striking sex\u2010specific differences between captive and wild flies support the emerging view that environment exerts a profound influence on the expression of life span and aging. These findings have important implications for evolutionary gerontology and, more generally, for the interpretation of fitness estimates in captive populations.\n      </p>", "Serially subcultured rat lens epithelial cells grow in different stages, which can be classified according to morphology, chromosome numbers and population kinetics. A lens-specific \u03b3-crystallin appears in the diploid stage, when elongated cell types are observed. One of the \u03b2-crystallin bands (pH 5.7) disappears during aging in higher passage numbers of the diploid stage B. A weak band in the \u03b2-crystallin region (pH 6.4), which is present in all stages, becomes very intensive in aneuploid cells of stage D, which exhibit a fibroblast-like morphology.\n      </p>"], "words": {"concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chinese": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alleles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lack": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "rapid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "skin": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "contributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poorly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "zone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "show": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pensions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 30, "prob": 0.00024843794641193494}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "siblings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divergent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "division": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yeast": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "very": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mothers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "die": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "loneliness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lifespan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pursue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accumulation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "unexpected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "force": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "senescence": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "direct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "morphology,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "belief": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assistance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ovarian": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "asia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cell": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "attitudes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "public": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "body": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "proliferation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fertilization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "genes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "desired": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "let": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "boron": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "great": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "changed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experience": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insulin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "contaminants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pathological": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "useful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "family": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mobility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addressed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formulates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aimed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socioeconomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "total": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "positive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "menopausal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "type": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "until": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "horses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recently,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "females": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "upcoming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "successful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acceptable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "training": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adult": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hold": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sample": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intake": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "science": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "can": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "believed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "making": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "violence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "escapes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "protects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "numbers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sense": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aging": {"number": 33, "prob": 0.0002732817410531285}, "united": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "democracy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "neuroscience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intended": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "earlier": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "derived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lanka": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "short": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remember": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resemble": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recombination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explicit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ambivalence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accelerated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maintain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "banks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "restriction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolutionary": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "competing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brain": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "including": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "japan": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "still": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rapidly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comprehend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biomedical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decreased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diseases": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "food": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "males": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "number": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "therapy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lineage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conservatism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trap": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "constitute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "maintain,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thailand,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matrix": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caloric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "females,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "research": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "mate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "is,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "occurs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "red": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "older": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "mechanisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alzheimer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documented,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "definition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pairs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultured": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "times": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcomes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "place": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arterial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "collagen": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nutritional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vitro": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "randomized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "americans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spanish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "extrinsic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structured": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "regulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "percentage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ranging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "williams": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "brains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explanation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accurately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "manifestation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "wide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cyclic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "second": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "project": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "iron": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "and": {"number": 42, "prob": 0.0003478131249767089}, "mind": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rat": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "seed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manner": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "need": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "abnormalities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mountain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bacterium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "able": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complexity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accuracy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subtilis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "normal": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "who": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "most": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "but": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "significant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "the": {"number": 83, "prob": 0.00068734498507302}, "manifested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preferences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consequences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disease": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "phenomenon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "longevity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "find": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northeast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "proportion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "black": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geopolitics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extracellular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "equilibrium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professionals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "overall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preferred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "during": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "societies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "course": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "health,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cells": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "generations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proximal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alterations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "around": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "culture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incorporating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ability": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "study,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "managing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simplest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "progress": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eye": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "weak": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revealed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retirement": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hypothesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decline,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analyzes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "improved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "region": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feminist": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "countries,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "according": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "against": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "migration,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lenses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reasons": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "keloid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subcultured": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estrogen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decline": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "debt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sociopolitical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "been": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "genetic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "complicated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "lived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controlled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fibroblast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ensuring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "representative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "child": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adults,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "as": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "premature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "substantial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wild": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "balance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parents,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "century": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "soil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "it": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "couples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proteolytic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 53, "prob": 0.0004389070386610851}, "partner": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "increased": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "different": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "dementia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "italy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plaques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shorter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "events": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aging,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comprehensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trajectories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "weed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "driven": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "persons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "modeled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanisms,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "components": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantitative": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "model": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "muscle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "musical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indonesia,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "burden": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "just": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predicts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alternative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "homeostasis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "superficial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "death": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monitored": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "density": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "workers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capabilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "has": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "tests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "which": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "posed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "know": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cognitive": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "outcomes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shaped": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "qualitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fibroblasts": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "deleterious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "hypothalamic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neuronal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "security": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "starvation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hallmark": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "because": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "old": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drosophila": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "successfully": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elderly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "women,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "legal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cortex,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "either": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "process": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "intimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "late": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industrialized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "menopause": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medium,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exciting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stereotypes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "on": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "about": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "carried": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 83, "prob": 0.00068734498507302}, "sri": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concentrations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevailing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "considerations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outlook": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "gerontology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "negative": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transfers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reducing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significantly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "span": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "backwater": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "low": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "synthesis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "function": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "maintenance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mammals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "memory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overlapping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promote": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "irreversible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproductive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "captive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "smooth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vivo": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lead": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experimental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "un": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "similar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "adults": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "flow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tissues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epithelial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lifetime": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stages,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chromosome": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trials": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "image": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biology,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "correlates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "briefly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bacillus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "helping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lens": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genetics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "independently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faster": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "age": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "kinetics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variables,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "homologous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retardation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rates,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}