{"total_words": 11, "documents": ["This article presents a survey of applications of operations research-based techniques to location problems in agriculture. From the early work in the field to more recent applications, researchers have successfully applied, adapted, and improved theoretical location models to fulfil the field's specific needs. This article discusses earlier work in agricultural location theory starting with the seminal work by von Thfinen. It then introduces diverse and innovative applications of location models from the 1950s and 1960s. The authors then identify distinguishing features of location problems in agriculture, and discuss their impact on the analysis. In order to illustrate these features and the variety of operations research-based applications to agricultural location, the article turns to six real-world examples. It then considers, in Conclusion, some of the directions that agricultural location theory may take in the future.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To describe work related fatal injuries to agricultural workers in New Zealand to identify priority areas for further research and injury control measures. Methods\u2014Injury deaths in New Zealanders aged 15\u201384 inclusive for the period 1985\u201394 were identified and the coroner's files for these obtained. These files were then reviewed to determine whether the death arose as a result of work activities. Those deaths considered to be work related were coded for information relating to decedent demographics and the circumstances of the fatal injury. Work related deaths from injury occurring in the agricultural production and services to agriculture sectors were analysed. Results\u2014The rate of fatal injuries to male agricultural workers over the study period was 21.2/100 000, with injury deaths in the agricultural sectors accounting for nearly a quarter of all work related fatal injuries in New Zealand in that time. There was no significant decline in fatal injuries to agricultural workers in the study decade. Workers in the 65\u201384 age bracket were at substantially higher risk of fatal injury than other age groups. Machinery and motor vehicles were commonly associated with fatal injury, with overturns on or next to embankments and slopes being the most frequent scenario. Conclusions\u2014The results of this study highlight fatal injuries in older workers and machinery incidents (particularly tractors overturning) as priority areas for further research into contributing factors and injury control measures.\n      </p>"], "words": {"of": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}