{"total_words": 1026, "documents": ["Asthma has emerged as a major public health problem in the United States over the past 20 years. Currently, nearly 15 million Americans have asthma, including almost 5 million children. The number of asthma cases has more than doubled since 1980. Approximately 5,500 persons die from asthma each year, and rates have increased over the past 20 years. Rates of death, hospitalization, and emergency department visits are 2-3 times higher among African Americans than among white Americans. The costs of asthma have also increased to $12.7 billion in 1998. Both lifestyle and environmental hypotheses have been invoked to explain the increase in asthma prevalence. Several studies have examined the relationship of obesity and asthma and found associations suggesting that obesity predisposes to the development of asthma. Some studies have found that day care attendance and having older siblings protect against the development of asthma. This observation has led investigators to hypothesize that increased exposure to microbial agents might protect against asthma (the hygiene hypothesis). Environmental exposures found to predispose to asthma include house dust mite allergen and environmental tobacco smoke. Although current knowledge does not permit definitive conclusions about the causes of asthma onset, better adherence to current recommendations for medical therapy and environmental management of asthma would reduce the burden of this disease.\n      </p>", "Asthma prevalence in children has increased 58% since 1980. Mortality has increased by 78%. The burden of the disease is most acute in urban areas and racial/ethnic minority populations. Hospitalization and morbidity rates for nonwhites are more than twice those for whites. Asthma is characterized by recurrent wheezing, breathlessness, chest tightness, and coughing. Research in the past decade has revealed the importance of inflammation of the airways in asthma and clinical treatment to reduce chronic inflammation. Asthma is associated with production of IgE to common environmental allergens including house dust mite, animal dander, cockroach, fungal spores, and pollens. Some interventions to reduce symptoms through control of dust mite and animal dander have had positive results. Control of symptoms through interventions to reduce exposures to cockroach antigen has not been reported. Studies illustrating causal effects between outdoor air pollution and asthma prevalence are scant. Increases in asthma prevalence have occurred at the same time as general improvements in air quality. However, air quality appears to exacerbate symptoms in the child who already has the disease. Decreased pulmonary function has been associated with exposure to particulates and bronchial hyperresponsiveness to smoke, ${\\rm SO}_{2}$ and ${\\rm NO}_{2}$ . Symptoms have been correlated with increased levels of respirable particulates, ozone, and ${\\rm SO}_{2}$ . Interventions that reduce the negative outcomes in asthma associated with outdoor environmental factors have not been reported. Control of asthma in children will entail the collaborative efforts of patients, family, clinical professionals, and school personnel, as well as community-wide environmental control measures and conducive national and local policies based on sound research.\n      </p>", "Background Smoking habits of asthmatics are similar to those of the general population. However, little attention has been paid to the associations between smoking and asthma-related outcomes. Objective To evaluate relationships between cigarette smoking, asthma symptoms, and asthma-related resource utilization in subjects with persistent asthma. Method A stratified, random sample of adults from France, Germany, and the UK with persistent asthma were surveyed in 2001 through 2004. Statistical analyses compared asthma symptoms and healthcare resource utilization for cigarette smokers compared with those for nonsmokers. Results Analyses included 1109 subjects with persistent asthma symptoms in 2001-2003 and 852 subjects with persistent asthma symptoms in 2004. Using multivariate analysis of data from eligible subjects in 2004 that did not have concomitant chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and adjusting for subjects' baseline and demographic characteristics, cigarette smokers were more likely to experience nighttime symptoms (OR 1.46, 95% CI 1.07, 1.97 P = 0.015) and were more likely to use healthcare resources than were non-smokers (P \u2264 0.004). Findings were similar in a secondary analysis of subjects \u2264 55 years of age. Conclusions Cigarette smoking appears to be associated with more asthma symptoms and more ED visits and hospitalizations in adults with persistent asthma.\n      </p>", "Epidemiologic studies of farm children are of international interest because farm children are less often atopic, have less allergic disease, and often have less asthma than do nonfarm children-findings consistent with the hygiene hypothesis. We studied a cohort of rural Iowa children to determine the association between farm and other environmental risk factors with four asthma outcomes: doctor-diagnosed asthma, doctor-diagnosed asthma/medication for wheeze, current wheeze, and cough with exercise. Doctor-diagnosed asthma prevalence was 12%, but at least one of these four health outcomes was found in more than a third of the cohort. Multivariable models of the four health outcomes found independent associations between male sex (three asthma outcomes), age (three asthma outcomes), a personal history of allergies (four asthma outcomes), family history of allergic disease (two asthma outcomes), premature birth (one asthma outcome), early respiratory infection (three asthma outcomes), high-risk birth (two asthma outcomes), and farm exposure to raising swine and adding antibiotics to feed (two asthma outcomes). The high prevalence of rural childhood asthma and asthma symptoms underscores the need for asthma screening programs and improved asthma diagnosis and treatment. The high prevalence of asthma health outcomes among farm children living on farms that raise swine (44.1%, p = 0.01) and raise swine and add antibiotics to feed (55.8%, p = 0.013), despite lower rates of atopy and personal histories of allergy, suggests the need for awareness and prevention measures and more population-based studies to further assess environmental and genetic determinants of asthma among farm children.\n      </p>", "Purpose To further our understanding of the relationships between asthma control and health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and provide insights into the relative usefulness of various measures in different research contexts. We present a conceptual model and test it with longitudinal survey data. Methods Participants recruited via population sampling and hospital Emergency Departments completed questionnaires every 6 months for up to 3 years. Measures included: sleep disturbance, use of short-acting beta agonists (SABA), activity limitation, urgent medical visits, hospital use, Marks' Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ-M) and the SF-36 Health Survey. Correlation analysis and multi-level models tested predictions from the conceptual model. Results Atotalof2l3peoplewithasthmaaged 16-75 years provided 967 observations. Correlations between asthma control and asthma-specific HRQOL were stronger than those between asthma control and generic HRQOL. The asthma control variables explained 54-58% of the variance in asthmaspecific HRQOL and 8-25% of the variance in generic HRQOL. Activity limitation was the main contributor to between-person variation, while sleep disturbance and SABA use were the main contributors to within-person variation. Conclusions Sleep disturbance and SABA use may be most useful in evaluating treatment effectiveness, while activity limitation may be better when monitoring the impact of asthma in populations. control variables explained 54-58% of the variance in asthmaspecific HRQOL and 8-25% of the variance in generic HRQOL. Activity limitation was the main contributor to between-person variation, while sleep disturbance and SABA use were the main contributors to within-person variation. Conclusions Sleep disturbance and SABA use may be most useful in evaluating treatment effectiveness, while activity limitation may be better when monitoring the impact of asthma in populations.\n      </p>", "Results from studies of traffic and childhood asthma have been inconsistent, but there has been little systematic evaluation of susceptible subgroups. In this study, we examined the relationship of local traffic-related exposure and asthma and wheeze in southern California school children (5-7 years of age). Lifetime history of doctor-diagnosed asthma and prevalent asthma and wheeze were evaluated by questionnaire. Parental history of asthma and child's history of allergic symptoms, sex, and early-life exposure (residence at the same home since 2 years of age) were examined as susceptibility factors. Residential exposure was assessed by proximity to a major road and by modeling exposure to local traffic-related pollutants. Residence within 75 m of a major road was associated with an increased risk of lifetime asthma [odds ratio (OR) = 1.29; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.01-1.86], prevalent asthma (OR = 1.50; 95% CI, 1.16-1.95), and wheeze (OR = 1.40; 95% CI, 1.09-1.78). Susceptibility increased in long-term residents with no parental history of asthma for lifetime asthma (OR = 1.85; 95% CI, 1.11-3.09), prevalent asthma (OR = 2.46; 95% CI, 0.48-4.09), and recent wheeze (OR = 2.74; 95% CI, 1.71-4.39). The higher risk of asthma near a major road decreased to background rates at 150-200 m from the road. In children with a parental history of asthma and in children moving to the residence after 2 years of age, there was no increased risk associated with exposure. Effect of residential proximity to roadways was also larger in girls. A similar pattern of effects was observed with traffic-modeled exposure. These results indicate that residence near a major road is associated with asthma. The reason for larger effects in those with no parental history of asthma merits further investigation.\n      </p>", "This paper reports the internal consistency and reproducibility of the Childhood Asthma Questionnaires, measures of quality of life and symptom distress in paediatric asthma. A total of 535 children aged 4-16 years completed age appropriate forms of the questionnaire, over 1- or 3-week intervals. Pearson correlation coefficients between 0.63 and 0.84 for subscales of the questionnaires indicated good test-retest reliability while intraclass correlation coefficients in a very similar range showed that scores also remained at the same level on the two occasions. Comparisons between children with asthma and healthy non-asthmatics indicate that these are likely to be true estimates of stability. Internal consistency varied widely but was higher for older children and longer subscales. Implications of the findings for the use of the questionnaires in the evaluation of new asthma treatments are discussed.\n      </p>", "We conducted an ecological study linking prevalence of adult asthma symptoms with climate in the 93 New Zealand general electorates. For each electorate, the 12-month period prevalence of self-reported asthma symptoms was determined using a random sample of adults aged 20-44 on the 1991 New Zealand electoral roll. Long-term average climate was estimated using a national climate database and a geographic information system. Asthma prevalence was calculated within quartiles of the exposure variables. Independent effects of climate variables were assessed using linear regression models, with adjustment for confounding by climate, social deprivation, and geographic variables. There was a statistically significant association between asthma prevalence and mean temperature, with the lowest quartile of mean temperature having an approximately 2% lower asthma prevalence. After adjusting for confounding, there was a monotonic increase in asthma prevalence within quartiles of temperature. The results of this study are in agreement with other research suggesting a lower prevalence of asthma at low temperatures. Although on short (day-to-day) time scales, low temperatures may have a direct effect resulting in acute exacerbations of asthma symptoms, warmer average temperatures are associated with increased asthma prevalence. The reasons for this are unclear, although it is possible that on longer term (annual) time scales, higher temperatures are associated with higher levels of allergen exposure.\n      </p>", "Children with asthma living on the northern Mexico border suffer not only from the physical aspects of this condition, but also from the lack of a clear biomedical definition and treatment plan for the illness. An ethnographic study involving participant observation and focused interviews in Tijuana, Mexico, sought to understand the intersection of diagnostic uncertainties surrounding childhood asthma on the part of parents, particularly mothers, living in acute poverty. Environmental factors such as dust and insects in impoverished homes probably acted as asthma triggers among many of the children in the study. Furthermore, management of children's asthma took place not only in biomedical clinics, but also in homes, traditional medical settings, and pharmacies, where mothers often sought remedies for their children's asthma attacks on an emergency basis. In all treatment settings, including biomedical ones, they often faced significant barriers to effective care, including the misuse of antibiotics. Thus, the role of pharmaceutical sales clerks, as well as pediatric asthma specialists, is explored in this article.\n      </p>", "Background: Glutathione S-transferase P1 (GSTP1) plays a role in a spectrum of respiratory diseases; however, the effects of sequence variation across the entire locus in asthma pathogenesis have yet to be determined. Objectives: This study was designed to investigate whether sequence variations in the GSTP1 coding and promoter regions are associated with asthma and wheezing outcomes and to determine whether variants affect susceptibility to maternal smoking. Methods: Four haplotype tagging SNPs were selected that accounted for 83% of the common haplotypic variation in GSTP1. The associations of GSTP1 variants with asthma and wheezing were assessed among white children in the Children's Health Study (CHS). Results: The Ile105Val allele and a SNP in the upstream promoter region (SNP1: rs6591255, putative transcription factor 1 binding site) were associated with asthma and wheezing outcomes, an association observed in two cohorts of the CHS recruited in different years. Haplotypes that included both the promoter SNP (i.e., rs6591255) and the 105 Val variant were associated with an increased risk for asthma in non-Hispanic whites. Using SNP- and haplotype-based approaches, the effect of maternal smoking on wheezing was largest in children with the Ile105Val allele. Conclusions: Variants in both the promoter and coding regions of the GSTP1 locus may contribute to the occurrence of childhood asthma and wheezing and may increase susceptibility to adverse effects of tobacco-smoke exposure.\n      </p>", "To discover the underlying understandings that organize how low-income Latino and African American parents of infants and toddlers with severe persistent asthma manage symptoms in their children, 11 families with children 12-48 months old and recently hospitalized with asthma were interviewed over 3-6 months. Interpretive phenomenology was used to analyze parents' narratives about everyday asthma management practices. Four different family management styles were discovered: determined, discontinuous, flexible, and disrupted. Each arose from parents' particular understandings of asthma and asthma management. Attention to illness meaning and individually developed management plans would improve the family management of asthma in these high-risk families.\n      </p>", "Measures based on the use of either antiinflammatory and/or reliever medications have been used to evaluate clinical performance in asthma. We compared the association between 2 asthma prescription measures (APMs) and subsequent risk of emergency department (ED) asthma visits. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of automated pharmacy and healthcare utilization data from 3 large geographically diverse managed care organizations. We studied children, 3 to 15 years of age, with at least 1 encounter for asthma (hospitalization, ED, or ambulatory care), at least 1 dispensing of an asthma medication, and continuous enrollment between June 1996 and July 1997. Two performance measures were derived for patients with persistent asthma: 1) the proportion of individuals who have received controller therapy and 2) the ratio of dispensed controller to dispensed reliever medications. Children with persistent asthma were identified using the Health Employers Data Information Sysment tem (HEDIS) criteria of the National Committee on Quality Assurance definition. Multivariate logistic regression was used to assess independent effects in models for ED visits. Among children with persistent asthma, the dispensing of a controller was associated with a significantly lower risk of an ED visit as compared with children not dispensed a controller (odds ratio, 0.3; 95% confidence interval, 0.2-0.4). An association between the ratio of controller to reliever dispensing and the risk of subsequent ED visit was also observed, however, the underlying level of reliever dispensing modified the relationship. Among children with persistent asthma, the ratio of controller to reliever dispensing was inversely associated with risk of ED visit among children dispensed &lt;4 relievers/person-year but no significant relationship was seen among children dispensed \u22644 relievers/personyear. Among children with persistent asthma, the use of an asthma prescription measure (APM) can help stratify children based on their risk of future adverse events. The HEDIS measure, the dispensing of a controller medication among a population with persistent asthma, and the controller to reliever ratio are associated with the risk of subsequent ED visit. However, the association between the ratio measure and risk for ED visit is modified by the underlying level of reliever dispensing.\n      </p>", "Objective: Despite multiple published studies regarding the association between formaldehyde exposure and childhood asthma, a consistent association has not been identified. Here we report the results of a systematic review of published literature in order to provide a more comprehensive picture of this relationship. Data sources: After a comprehensive literature search, we identified seven peer-reviewed studies providing quantitative results regarding the association between formaldehyde exposure and asthma in children. Studies were heterogeneous with respect to the definition of asthma (e.g., self-report, physician diagnosis). Most of the studies were cross-sectional. Data extraction: For each study, an odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for asthma were either abstracted from published results or calculated based on the data provided. Characteristics regarding the study design and population were also abstracted. Data synthesis: We used fixed- and random-effects models to calculate pooled ORs and 95% CIs; measures of heterogeneity were also calculated. A fixed-effects model produced an OR of 1.03 (95% CI, 1.02-1.04), and random effects model produced an OR of 1.17 (95% CI, 1.01-1.36), both reflecting an increase of 10 \u03bcg/m\u00b3 of formaldehyde. Both the Q and I\u00b2 statistics indicated a moderate amount of heterogeneity. Conclusions: Results indicate a significant positive association between formaldehyde exposure and childhood asthma. Given the largely cross-sectional nature of the studies underlying this meta-analysis, further well-designed prospective epidemiologic studies are needed.\n      </p>", "This study examines the relationship of asthma emergency department (ED) visits to daily concentrations of ozone and other air pollutants in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada. Data on ED visits with a presenting complaint of asthma (n = 1987) were abstracted for the period 1984-1992 (May-September). Air pollution variables included ozone, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide, sulfate, and total suspended particulate (TSP); weather variables included temperature, humidex, dewpoint, and relative humidity. Daily ED visit frequencies were filtered to remove day of the week and long wave trends, and filtered values were regressed on air pollution and weather variables for the same day and the 3 previous days. The mean daily 1-hr maximum ozone concentration during the study period was 41.6 ppb. A positive, statistically significant (p&lt;0.05) association was observed between ozone and asthma ED visits 2 days later, and the strength of the association was greater in nonlinear models. The frequency of asthma ED visits was 33% higher (95% CI, 10-56%) when the daily 1-hr maximum ozone concentration exceeded 75 ppb (the 95&lt;sup&gt; th&lt;/sup&gt; percentile). The ozone effect was not significantly influenced by the addition of weather or other pollutant variables into the model or by the exclusion of repeat ED visits. However, given the limited number of sampling days for sulfate and TSP, a particulate effect could not be ruled out. We detected a significant association between ozone and asthma ED visits, despite the vast majority of sampling days being below current U.S. and Canadian standards.\n      </p>", "Asthma is one of the major chronic diseases in many countries. At present there is no cure for asthma, but medical advances can help to reduce the chances of attacks of the condition. Efficient care for asthma involves complexity, uncertainty, variability and the use of scarce resources, and these are the same conditions that indicate a possible use for the modelling approach of operational research. This paper is concerned with a pilot model that was developed through joint work by medical professionals and operational researchers. The development of the model is explained and illustrative results indicate the potential value of the modelling approach for the care of asthma in the community.\n      </p>", "Background Aim of this study was to examine the effect of hay fever in childhood for asthma onset from childhood to adulthood in a prospective cohort of 3,199 asthma-free children, initially aged 5\u201313 years, which were followed for up to 12 years in East-Germany. Methods Crude and adjusted incidence rate ratios (IRR) of asthma onset due to hay fever at baseline were calculated by a generalized estimation equation approach accounting for person years at risk, age at study entry, parental asthma, and gender. Results Overall 142 incident cases of asthma were observed. Prevalence of hay fever at baseline was 4%. Crude and adjusted IRR were essentially the same and showed overall and in each age group a substantial higher risk of asthma onset due to hay fever. The adjusted IRR was 4 overall and ranged between 3 and 5 within the three age groups. Restricting the analysis to those participants, who were 17\u201325 years of age at the end of follow-up resulted in similar IRR. Conclusion Hay fever in childhood is a strong predictor of asthma onset later in life up to adulthood. The preventive potential of early and efficient treatment of allergic rhinitis to avoid asthma development needs to be investigated.\n      </p>", "Background: Most studies investigating the role of residential mouse allergen exposures in asthma have focused on inner-city populations. Objective: We examined whether elevated mouse allergen levels were associated with occupants' asthma status in a nationally representative sample of U.S. households. Methods: Data for this study were collected as part of the National Survey of Lead and Allergens in Housing. This cross-sectional study surveyed 831 housing units inhabited by 2,456 individuals in 75 different locations throughout the United States. The survey obtained information on demographics, household characteristics, and occupants' health status by questionnaire and environmental observations. We used a polyclonal immunoassay to assess concentrations of mouse urinary protein (MUP) in vacuumed dust collected from various indoor sites. Results: Of the surveyed homes, 82% had detectable levels of MUP, and in 35% of the homes, MUP concentrations exceeded 1.6 \u03bcg/g, a level that has been associated with increased mouse allergen sensitization rates. Current asthma, defined as having doctor-diagnosed asthma and asthma symptoms in the preceding 12 months, was positively associated with increased MUP levels. The observed association was modified by atopic status; in allergic individuals, elevated MUP levels (&gt; 1.6 \u03bcg/g) increased the odds of having asthma symptoms [adjusted OR = 1.93; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.14-3.27], but we found no association in those who did not report allergies (adjusted OR = 0.69; 95% CI, 0.33-1.44). Conclusions: In allergic asthma, residential mouse allergen exposure is an important risk factor for asthma morbidity.\n      </p>", "The Massachusetts Department of Public Health, in collaboration with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Environmental Public Health Tracking Program, initiated a 3-year statewide project for the routine surveillance of asthma in children using school health records as the primary data source. School district nurse leaders received electronic data reporting forms requesting the number of children with asthma by grade and gender for schools serving grades kindergarten (K) through 8. Verification efforts from an earlier community-level study comparing a select number of school health records with primary care provider records demonstrated a high level of agreement (i.e., &gt; 95%). First-year surveillance targeted approximately ore-half (n = 958 schools) of all Massachusetts's K-8 schools. About 78% of targeted school districts participated, and 70% of the targeted schools submitted complete asthma data. School nurse-reported asthma prevalence was as high as 30.8% for schools, with a mean of 9.2%. School-based asthma surveillance has been demonstrated to be a reliable and cost-effective method of tracking disease through use of an existing and enhanced reporting structure.\n      </p>", "Background: Office exposures have been linked to symptoms of sick building syndrome, but their relation to the development of asthma has not been studied previously. These exposures have increasing importance because an increasing proportion of the workforce is working in office environments. Objectives: The aim of this study was to assess the relations of exposure to carbonless copy paper (CCP), paper dust, and fumes from photocopiers and printers to adult-onset asthma. Methods: We conducted a population-based incident case-control study of adults 21-63 years of age living in the Pirkanmaa District in South Finland. All new clinically diagnosed cases (n = 521) of asthma were recruited during a 3-year study period. A random sample of the source population formed the controls (n = 1,016). This part focused on 133 cases and 316 controls who were office workers according to their current occupation classified by the 1988 International Standard Classification of Occupations. All participants answered a questionnaire on health, smoking, occupation, and exposures at work and home. Subjects with previous asthma were excluded. Results: Exposures to paper dust [adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 1.97; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.25-3.10] and CCP (OR = 1.66; 95% CI, 1.03-2.66) were related to significantly increased risk of adult-onset asthma. An exposure-response relation was observed between exposure to paper dust and risk of asthma. Conclusions: This study provides new evidence that exposures to paper dust and CCP in office work are related to increased risk of adult-onset asthma. Reduction of these exposures could prevent asthma in office workers. Clinicians seeing asthma patients should be aware of this link to office exposures.\n      </p>", "Background: Phthalates from polyvinyl chloride (PVC) plastics may have adverse effects on airways and immunologic systems, but the evidence has not been reviewed systematically. Objective: We reviewed the evidence for the role of exposure to phthalates from PVC products in the development of asthma and allergies. Methods: We conducted a Medline database search (1950 through May 2007) for relevant studies on the respiratory and allergic effects of exposure to phthalates from PVC products. Results: We based this review on 27 human and 14 laboratory toxicology studies. Two mouse inhalation experiments indicated that mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) has the ability to modulate the immune response to exposure to a coallergen. The data suggested a no observed effect level of $30\\ \\mu {\\rm g}\\ {\\rm MEHP}/{\\rm m}^{3}$ , calculated to be below the estimated level of human exposure in common environments. Case reports and series (n = 9) identified and verified cases of asthma that were very likely caused by fumes emitted from PVC film. Epidemiologic studies in adults (n = 10), mostly small studies in occupational settings, showed associations between heated PVC fumes and asthma and respiratory symptoms; studies in children (n = 5) showed an association between PVC surface materials in the home and the risk of asthma [fixed-effects model: summary odds ratio (OR), 1.55; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.18-2.05; four studies] and allergies (OR, 1.32; 95% CI, 1.09-1.60; three studies). Conclusions: High levels of phthalates from PVC products can modulate the murine immune response to a coallergen. Heated PVC fumes possibly contribute to development of asthma in adults. Epidemiologic studies in children show associations between indicators of phthalate exposure in the home and risk of asthma and allergies. The lack of objective exposure information limits the epidemiologic data.\n      </p>", "Relative to research on effects of environmental exposures on exacerbation of existing asthma, little research on incident asthma and environmental exposures has been conducted. However, this research is needed to better devise strategies for the prevention of asthma. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences held a conference in October 2004 to collaboratively discuss a future research agenda in this area. The first three articles in this mini-monograph summarize the discussion on potential putative environmental exposure; they include an overview of asthma and conclusions of the workshop participants with respect to public health actions that could currently be applied to the problem and research needs to better understand and control the induction and incidence of asthma, the potential role of indoor/outdoor air pollutants in the induction of asthma), and biologics in the induction of asthma. Susceptibility is a key concept in the U.S. EPA \"Asthma Research Strategy\" document and is associated with the U.S. EPA framework of protecting vulnerable populations from potentially harmful environmental exposures. Genetics, age, and lifestyle (obesity, diet) are major susceptibility factors in the induction of asthma and can interact with environmental exposures either synergistically or antagonistically. Therefore, in this fourth and last article we consider a number of \"susceptibility factors\" that potentially influence the asthmatic response to environmental exposures and propose a framework for developing research hypotheses regarding the effects of environmental exposures on asthma incidence and induction.\n      </p>", "This study compared the prevalence of asthma with climate and air pollutant data to determine the relationship between asthma prevalence and these factors. We conducted a nationwide survey of respiratory illness and symptoms in middle-school students in Taiwan. Lifetime prevalences of physician-diagnosed asthma and of typical symptoms of asthma were compared to air monitoring station data for temperature, relative humidity, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, ozone, carbon monoxide, and particulate matter with aerodynamic diameter $\\leq 10 \\mum (PM_{10})$ . A total of 331,686 nonsmoking children attended schools located within 2 km of 55 stations. Asthma prevalence rates adjusted for age, history of atopic eczema, and parental education were associated with nonsummer (June-August) temperature, winter (January-March) humidity, and traffic-related air pollution, especially carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxides, for both girls and boys. Nonsummer temperature, winter humidity, and traffic-related air pollution, especially carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxides, were positively associated with the prevalence of asthma in middle-school students in Taiwan.\n      </p>", "Background: Whether there is a causal relation between long-term exposure to traffic and asthma development is so far not clear. This may be explained by inaccurate exposure assessment. Objective: We investigated the associations of long-term traffic-related exposures with asthma onset assessed retrospectively and respiratory symptoms in 9- to 10-year-old children. Methods: We collected information on respiratory outcomes and potential confounding variables by parental questionnaire in 2,871 children in Oslo. Nitrogen dioxide exposure was assessed by the EPISODE dispersion model and assigned at updated individual addresses during lifetime. Distance to major road was assigned at birth address and address by date of questionnaire. Cox proportional hazard regression and logistic regression were used. Results: We did not find positive associations between any long-term traffic-related exposure and onset of doctor-diagnosed asthma. An interquartile range (IQR) increase of NO\u2082 exposure before asthma onset was associated with an adjusted risk ratio of 0.82 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.67-1.02]. Handling early asthma cases (children &lt; 4 years of age) with recovery during follow-up as noncases gave a less negative association. The associations for late asthma onset (\u2265 4 years of age) were positive but not statistically significant. For current symptoms, an IQR increase of previous year's NO\u2082 exposure was associated with adjusted odds ratios of 1.01 (95% CI, 0.83-1.23) for wheeze, 1.10 (95% CI, 0.79-1.51) for severe wheeze, and 1.01 (95% CI, 0.84-1.21) for dry cough. Conclusions: We were not able to find positive associations of long-term traffic-related exposures with asthma onset or with current respiratory symptoms in 9- to 10-year-old children in Oslo.\n      </p>", "Asthma has been increasing over the last two decades in the United States. The onset of asthma has also been increasingly reported as a result of occupational exposures to over 350 different agents. Work-related asthma (WRA) has become the most frequently diagnosed occupational respiratory illness. Epidemiologic studies from the United States reported WRA incidence rates of 29-710 cases per million workers per year and suggest that 10-25% of adult asthma is work related. Much can be learned about asthma in the general population from investigations of asthma in the workplace. Surveillance of WRA continues to highlight an important role for low molecular weight chemical sensitizers, as well as high molecular weight antigens. Additionally, recent reports implicate mixed exposures, including commercial cleaning solutions, solvents, and other respiratory irritants, as well as contamination in nonindustrial environments, including schools and offices. Investigations of WRA have demonstrated a clear dose-related increase in sensitization and symptoms for exposures to both chemical and protein sensitizers. High proportions of exposed working groups can be affected. Skin exposures may affect the likelihood of individuals developing respiratory symptoms. Atopy increases the risk of sensitization and illness from workplace exposure to antigens but not to chemical sensitizers. Irritant exposures can act as adjuvants among individuals exposed to sensitizing substances, increasing the proportion who become sensitized. Atopy might also be a result of irritant exposures in some persons. Occupational asthma often has important long-term adverse health and economic consequences but can resolve completely with timely control of exposures. Detailed study of such asthma \"cures\" may prove useful in understanding factors that influence asthmatic airway inflammation in the general population.\n      </p>", "Background: Contaminants encountered in many households, such as environmental tobacco smoke, house dust mite, cockroach, cat and dog dander, and mold, are risk factors in asthma. Young children are a particularly vulnerable subpopulation for environmentally mediated asthma, and the economic burden associated with this disease is substantial. Certain mechanical interventions are effective both in reducing allergen loads in the home and in improving asthmatic children's respiratory health. Results: Combinations of interventions including the use of dust mite-impermeable bedding covers, improved cleaning practices, high-efficiency particulate air vacuum cleaners, mechanical ventilation, and parental education are associated with both asthma trigger reduction and improved health outcomes for asthmatic children. Compared with valuated health benefits, these combinations of interventions have proven cost effective in studies that have employed them. Education alone has not proven effective in changing parental behaviors such as smoking in the home. Conclusions: Future research should focus on improving the effectiveness of education on home asthma triggers, and understanding long-term children's health effects of the interventions that have proven effective in reducing asthma triggers.\n      </p>", "Background: The question of whether air pollution contributes to asthma onset remains unresolved. Objectives: In this study, we assessed the association between asthma onset in children and traffic-related air pollution. Methods: We selected a sample of 217 children from participants in the Southern California Children's Health Study, a prospective cohort designed to investigate associations between air pollution and respiratory health in children 10-18 years of age. Individual covariates and new asthma incidence (30 cases) were reported annually through questionnaires during 8 years of follow-up. Children had nitrogen dioxide monitors placed outside their home for 2 weeks in the summer and 2 weeks in the fall-winter season as a marker of traffic-related air pollution. We used multilevel Cox models to test the associations between asthma and air pollution. Results: In models controlling for confounders, incident asthma was positively associated with traffic pollution, with a hazard ratio (HR) of 1.29 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.07-1.56] across the average within-community interquartile range of 6.2 ppb in annual residential ${\\rm NO}_{2}$. Using the total interquartile range for all measurements of 28.9 ppb increased the HR to 3.25 (95% CI, 1.35-7.85). Conclusions: In this cohort, markers of traffic-related air pollution were associated with the onset of asthma. The risks observed suggest that air pollution exposure contributes to new-onset asthma.\n      </p>", "Several components of air pollution have been linked to asthma. In addition to the well-studied critera air pollutants, such as nitrogen dioxide, sulfur dioxide, and ozone, diesel exhaust and diesel exhaust particles (DEPs) also appear to play a role in respiratory and allergic diseases. Diesel exhaust is composed of vapors, gases, and fine particles emitted by diesel-fueled compressionignition engines. DEPs can act as nonspecific airway irritants at relatively high levels. At lower levels, DEPs promote release of specific cytokines, chemokines, immunoglobulins, and oxidants in the upper and lower airway. Release of these mediators of the allergic and inflammatory response initiates a cascade that can culminate in airway inflammation, mucus secretion, serum leakage into the airways, and bronchial smooth muscle contraction. DEPs also may promote expression of the T H2 immunologic response phenotype that has been associated with asthma and allergic disease. DEPs appear to have greater immunologic effects in the presence of environmental allergens than they do alone. This immunologic evidence may help explain the epidemiologic studies indicating that children living along major trucking thoroughfares are at increased risk for asthmatic and allergic symptoms and are more likely to have objective evidence of respiratory dysfunction.\n      </p>", "Background: The Asthma Impact Survey (AIS-6) is a new six question asthma outcome tool for which information on validity has not been published. Objective: To provide validation for the AIS-6 as a brief asthma-specific quality of life tool. Methods: Surveys were sent to a random sample of members of a large managed care organization who were at least 35 years of age and in the two-year period preceding the survey had either (1) at least one documented asthma-related medical encounter, or (2) at least a 6 months supply of asthma medication dispensed. In addition to the AIS-6, the survey included a validated quality of life tool [the mini-Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire ( AQLQ)]; a validated asthma control questionnaire [the Asthma Therapy Assessment Questionnaire\u2122 (ATAQ)]; a validated symptom severity scale (AOMS); and information regarding demographics, co-morbidities, asthma severity, and asthma management. The results of the AIS-6 were compared to the results of the other tools by means of correlation and factor analysis. Independent predictors of AIS-6 and AQLQ scores were determined by multiple stepwise linear regression analyses. Results: AIS-6 scores were significantly related to female sex, educational level, income, smoking, body mass index (BMI), COPD, steroid use, and hospitalization history in bivariate analyses. The AIS-6 score significantly correlated (r = - 0.84, p &lt; 0.0001) with the AQLQ total score and loaded on the three factors (activity, symptoms, and concern/bother) reflected by the survey information and on which the AQLQ also loaded. Significant but somewhat smaller correlations were found between the AIS- 6 and the ATAQ (r = 0.70, p &lt; 0.0001) and the AOMS (r = 0.55, p &lt; 0.0001). Independent predictors were the same for the AIS- 6 and AQLQ and included oral steroid use, COPD history, BMI, female sex, educational level, and hospitalization in the past year. Conclusion: These data support the validity of the short six-question AIS-6 as an asthmaspecific quality of life tool.\n      </p>", "The pool chlorine hypothesis postulates that the rise in childhood asthma in the developed world could result at least partly from the increasing exposure of children to toxic gases and aerosols contaminating the air of indoor chlorinated pools. To further assess this hypothesis, we explored the relationships between childhood asthma, atopy, and cumulated pool attendance (CPA). We studied 341 schoolchildren 10-13 years of age who attended at a variable rate the same public pool in Brussels (trichloramine in air, $0.3-0.5 mg/m^3$ ). Examination of the children included a questionnaire, an exercise-induced bronchoconstriction (EIB) test, and the measurement of exhaled nitric oxide (eNO) and total and aeroallergen-specific serum IgE. CPA by children (range, 0-1,818 hr) emerged among the most consistent predictors of asthma (doctor diagnosed or screened with the EIB test) and of elevated eNO, ranking immediately after atopy and family history of asthma or hay fever. Although the risk of elevated eNO increased with CPA [odds ratio (OR) = 1.30; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.10-1.43] independently of total or specific serum IgE, the probability of developing asthma increased with CPA only in children with serum IgE &gt; 100 kIU/L (OR for each 100-hr increase in CPA = 1.79; 95% CI, 1.07-2.72). All these effects were dose related and most strongly linked to pool attendance before 6-7 years of age. Use of indoor chlorinated pools especially by young children interacts with atopic status to promote the development of childhood asthma. These findings further support the hypothesis implicating pool chlorine in the rise of childhood asthma in industrialized countries.\n      </p>", "Background: Previous research has documented effects of both physical and social environmental exposures on childhood asthma. However, few studies have considered how these two environments might interact to affect asthma. Objective: This study aimed to test interactions between chronic exposure to traffic-related air pollution and chronic family stress in predicting biologic and clinical outcomes in children with asthma. Method: Children with asthma (n = 73, 9-18 years of age) were interviewed about life stress, and asthma-relevant inflammatory markers [cytokine production, immunoglobulin E (IgE), eosinophil counts] were measured. Parents reported on children's symptoms. Children completed daily diaries of symptoms and peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) measures at baseline and 6 months later. Exposure to traffic-related air pollution was assessed using a land use regression model for nitrogen dioxide concentrations. Results: ${\\rm NO}_{2}$ by stress interactions were found for interleukin-5 (\u03b2 for interaction term = -0.31, p = 0.02), IgE (interaction \u03b2 = -0.29, p = 0.02), and eosinophil counts (interaction \u03b2 = -0.24, p = 0.04). These interactions showed that higher chronic stress was associated with heightened inflammatory profiles as pollution levels decreased. Longitudinally, ${\\rm NO}_{2}$ by stress interactions emerged for daily diary symptoms (interaction \u03b2 = -0.28, p = 0.02), parent-reported symptoms (interaction \u03b2 = -0.25, p = 0.07), and PEFR (interaction \u03b2 = 0.30, p = 0.03). These interactions indicated that higher chronic stress was associated with increases over time in symptoms and decreases over time in PEFR as pollution levels decreased. Conclusions: The physical and social environments interacted in predicting both biologic and clinical outcomes in children with asthma, suggesting that when pollution exposure is more modest, vulnerability to asthma exacerbations may be heightened in children with higher chronic stress.\n      </p>", "Background: The association between chronic exposure to air pollution and adverse health outcomes has not been well studied. Objective: This project investigated the impact of chronic exposure to high ozone levels on childhood asthma admissions in New York State. Methods: We followed a birth cohort born in New York State during 1995-1999 to first asthma admission or until 31 December 2000. We identified births and asthma admissions through the New York State Integrated Child Health Information System and linked these data with ambient ozone data (8-hr maximum) from the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. We defined chronic ozone exposure using three indicators: mean concentration during the follow-up period, mean concentration during the ozone season, and proportion of follow-up days with ozone levels &amp;gt; 70 ppb. We performed logistic regression analysis to adjust for child's age, sex, birth weight, and gestational age; maternal race/ethnicity, age, education, insurance status, smoking during pregnancy, and poverty level; and geographic region, temperature, and copollutants. Results: Asthma admissions were significantly associated with increased ozone levels for all chronic exposure indicators (odds ratios, 1.16-1.68), with a positive dose-response relationship. We found stronger associations among younger children, low sociodemographic groups, and New York City residents as effect modifiers. Conclusion: Chronic exposure to ambient ozone may increase the risk of asthma admissions among children. Younger children and those in low socioeconomic groups have a greater risk of asthma than do other children at the same ozone level.\n      </p>", "Ambient air particles in the ultrafine size range (diameter &lt; 100 nm) may contribute to the health effects of particulate matter. However, there are few data on ultrafine particle deposition during spontaneous breathing, and none in people with asthma. Sixteen subjects with mild to moderate asthma were exposed for 2 hr, by mouthpiece, to ultrafine carbon particles with a count median diameter (CMD) of 23 nm and a geometric standard deviation of 1.6. Deposition was measured during spontaneous breathing at rest (minute ventilation, 13.3 \u00b1 2.0 L/min) and exercise (minute ventilation, 41.9 \u00b1 9.0 L/min). The mean \u00b1 SD fractional deposition was 0.76 \u00b1 0.05 by particle number and 0.69 \u00b1 0.07 by particle mass concentration. The number deposition fraction increased as particle size decreased, reaching 0.84 \u00b1 0.03 for the smallest particles (midpoint CMD = 8.7 nm). No differences between sexes were observed. The deposition fraction increased during exercise to 0.86 \u00b1 0.04 and 0.79 \u00b1 0.05 by particle number and mass concentration, respectively, and reached 0.93 \u00b1 0.02 for the smallest particles. Experimental deposition data exceeded model predictions during exercise. The deposition at rest was greater in these subjects with asthma than in previously studied healthy subjects (0.76 \u00b1 0.05 vs. 0.65 \u00b1 0.10, p &lt; 0.001). The efficient respiratory deposition of ultrafine particles increases further in subjects with asthma.\n      </p>", "Objective: Studies have identified associations between household secondhand tobacco smoke (SHS) exposure and induction of childhood asthma. However, the true nature and strength of this association remains confounded in many studies, producing inconsistent evidence. To look for sources of potential bias and try to uncover consistent patterns of relative risk estimates (RRs), we conducted a meta-analysis of studies published between 1970 and 2005. Data sources: Through an extensive literature search, we identified 38 epidemiologic studies of SHS exposure and the development of childhood asthma (that also controlled for atopy history) from 300 potentially relevant articles. Data synthesis: We observed substantial heterogeneity within initial summary RRs of 1.48 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.32-1.65], 1.25 (1.21-1.30), and 1.21 (1.08-1.36), for ever, current, and incident asthma, respectively. Lack of control for type of atopy history (familial or child) and child's own smoking status within studies and age category altered summary RRs in separate metaregressions. After adjusting for these confounding characteristics, consistent patterns of association emerged between SHS exposure and childhood asthma induction. Our summary RR of 1.33 (95% CI, 1.14-1.56) from studies of incident asthma among older children (6-18 years of age) is 1.27 times the estimate from studies of younger children and higher than estimates reported in earlier meta-analyses. Conclusions: This new finding indicates that exposure duration may be a more important factor in the induction of asthma than previously understood, and suggests that SHS could be a more fundamental and widespread cause of childhood asthma than some previous meta-analyses have indicated.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014Some patients with occupational asthma resulting from exposure to reactive dyes have skin reactivity to the causative dyes and specific IgE to reactive dyes have been found in these patients. However, the usefulness of skin prick tests (SPTs) and serological measurement of specific IgE in screening, diagnosis, and monitoring the occupational asthma resulting from exposure to reactive dyes have not yet been assessed. In this study, the clinical validation of SPTs and measurement of specific IgE to vinyl sulphone reactive dyes by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was evaluated. Methods\u2014 42 Patients with occupational asthma from reactive dyes (true positive group) were enrolled. In these the causative reactive dye was confirmed by bronchial challenge test. 93 Asymptomatic factory workers with negative challenge to the reactive dye (true negative group) and 16 unexposed controls with negative challenge to the reactive dye were also enrolled. Skin prick tests were done with 10 mg/ml reactive dye in 0.4% phenol/0.9% saline. IgE specific to reactive dye conjugated to human serum albumin (HSA) was measured with enzyme linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs). Results\u2014None of the unexposed controls had a positive response to SPTs. The sensitivity (76.2% \u03bd 53.7%), specificity (91.4% \u03bd 86.0%), positive predictive value (80.0% \u03bd 62.9%), and negative predictive value (89.5% \u03bd 80.8%) of SPTs were higher than those of ELISAs. The mean weal size of reaction to reactive dye was weakly correlated with the ELISA optical density of IgE to reactive dye conjugate in patients with occupational asthma from reactive dyes (n=41, r=0.337, p&lt;0.05). In four patients with occupational asthma from reactive dyes and eight control subjects exposed to reactive dye, IgE specific to reactive dye conjugated to HSA was detected with ELISA even though they showed negative skin reactivity. Six patients completely avoided the reactive dye for a mean (SD) 27.8 (10.3) months, IgE specific to reactive dyes decreased in all six patients (p&lt;0.05) during this time. Conclusions\u2014Both SPTs and detection of IgE specific to reactive dye in serum samples could be valuable for screening, diagnosis, and monitoring occupational asthma resulting from exposure to reactive dyes. These two tests would complement each other.\n      </p>", "During the winters of 1986-1987 through 1991-1992, rainfall throughout much of Northern California was subnormal, resulting in intermittent accumulation of air pollution, much of which was attributable to residential wood combustion (RWC). This investigation examined whether there was a relationship between ambient air pollution in Santa Clara County, California and emergency room visits for asthma during the winters of 1988-1989 through 1991-1992. Emergency room (ER) records from three acute-care hospitals were abstracted to compile daily visits for asthma and a control diagnosis (gastroenteritis) for 3-month periods during each winter. Air monitoring data included daily coefficient of haze (COH) and every-otherday particulate matter with aerodynamic diameter equal to or less than 10 microns ( PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt;, 24-hr average), as well as hourly nitrogen dioxide and ozone concentrations. Daily COH measurements were used to predict values for missing days of PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt; to develop a complete PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt; time series. Daily data were also obtained for temperature, precipitation, and relative humidity. In time-series analyses using Poisson regression, consistent relationships were found between ER visits for asthma and PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt;. Same-day nitrogen dioxide concentrations were also associated with asthma ER visits, while ozone was not. Because there was a significant interaction between PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt; and minimum temperature in this data set, estimates of relative risks (RRs) for PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt;-associated asthma ER visits were temperature-dependent. A 60 \u03bc g/ m&lt;sup&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt; change in PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt; (2-day lag) corresponded to RRs of 1.43 (95% CI = 1.18-1.69) at 20\u00b0F, representing the low end of the temperature distribution, 1.27 (95% CI = 1.13-1.42) at 30\u00b0F, and 1.11 (95% CI = 1.03-1.19) at 41\u00b0F, the mean of the observed minimum temperatures. ER visits for gastroenteritis were not significantly associated with any pollutant variable. Several sensitivity analyses, including the use of robust regressions and of nonparametric methods for fitting time trends and temperature effects in the data, supported these findings. These results demonstrate an association between ambient wintertime PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt; and exacerbations of asthma in an area where one of the principal sources of PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt; is RWC.\n      </p>", "Many toxic compounds found in air emissions may induce bronchoconstriction. In the workplace, workers are exposed to these compounds, often in much higher concentrations. Some of these compounds act as sensitizers. Of these, some compounds induce asthma by producing specific IgE antibodies to the compound or its protein conjugate, while others induce asthma through yet unidentified immunologic mechanisms. Some compounds, when inhaled in high concentrations, act as irritants and produce bronchoconstriction probably by inducing acute airway inflammation. The latter condition is called Reactive Airways Dysfunction Syndrome (RADS) or irritant-induced asthma. Occupational asthma is an excellent model to study the pathogenesis and the natural history of adult onset asthma because the responsible agent can be identified, complete avoidance is possible, and exposure can be measured or estimated.\n      </p>", "Background: The use of physician profiles in \"pay for performance\" initiatives depend on their reliability and accuracy. Objectives: To evaluate whether health care delivery units (practices) can be reliably differentiated using the Health Employers Data Information System (HEDIS) performance measure. Research Design: Simulation was used to describe the relationship between practice size (number of children with persistent asthma) and precision of practice measures to estimate performance. Subjects: Children enrolled in 1 of the 39 practice groups from 1 of 3 managed care organizations participating in the Pediatric Asthma Care Patient Outcomes Research Team (PAC PORT). Measures: The main outcome was reproducibility of 4 performance measures, the HEDIS measure and 3 additional measures available from automated claims data: the proportion of children with asthma related-hospitalization, emergency department visits and oral steroid dispensings for asthma. Results: The ability to reproducibly rank a practice is dependent on the performance measure, practice size, and the reproducibility threshold chosen. Of measures evaluated, none achieved a reproducibility &gt; 85% for practice size of 50 or less. At a practice size of 100 subjects, the HEDIS measure reproducibly ranked practices 89% of the time, compared with 85% for emergency department visits and 83% for hospitalizations. Only at a practice size of 100 children with persistent asthma, was reproducibility of ranking greater than 85% with all performance measures evaluated. Conclusions: The reliability of ranking medical practices depends on practice size. Only at the level of the health care organization can asthma measures, available within claims data, be used to rank performance reliably.\n      </p>", "The prevalence and severity of asthma has increased in the last 20 years, and the greatest increase has been among children and young adults living in U.S. inner cities. The reasons for this increase are obviously complex, but include environmental exposures to allergens and pollutants, changing patterns of medication, and the psychosocial stresses of living in poor innercity neighborhoods. This paper presents an overview of environmental, immunologic, and genetic factors associated with asthma morbidity and mortality. This overview can be used to provide a framework for designing an interdisciplinary research program to address the complexities of asthma etiology and exacerbation. The strongest epidemiologic association has been found between asthma morbidity and the exposure of immunologically sensitive asthmatic patients to airborne allergens. Our current understanding of the process of sensitization suggests that there is a strong genetic predisposition to form IgE to allergenic proteins on airborne particles. Much of this work has been conducted with animal models, but in a number of instances, specific confirmation has been reported in humans. Sensitized individuals respond to inhaled exposure with immediate mast-cell dependent inflammation that may be augmented by pollutant particles, especially diesel exhaust particles. Relatively little is known about the methods of assessing exposure to airborne pollutants, especially biologically active particulates. However, to examine the relationship of morbidity in genetically predisposed individuals, it will be important to determine the most relevant method of making this assessment.\n      </p>", "There have been recent increases in asthma prevalence, morbidity, and mortality in the United States. There is substantial evidence that problems in health care delivery may be contributing to these recent trends. Because of these recent changes, a reduction in asthma-related morbidity has been identified as a new national health objective for the year 2000. This article reviews some of the key aspects of patterns of asthma care in the United States, presents an overview of issues that may play a prominent role in the delivery of care, and provides an overview of the organization of the workshop.\n      </p>", "Background: Traffic-related air pollution is related with asthma, and this association may be modified by genetic factors. Objectives: We investigated the role of genetic polymorphisms potentially modifying the association between home outdoor levels of modeled nitrogen dioxide and asthma. Methods: Adults from 13 cities of the second European Community Respiratory Health Survey (ECRHS II) were included (n = 2,920), for whom both DNA and outdoor NO\u2082 estimates were available. Home addresses were geocoded and linked to modeled outdoor NO\u2082 estimates, as a marker of local traffic-related pollution. We examined asthma prevalence and evaluated polymorphisms in genes involved in oxidative stress pathways [gluthatione S-transferases M1 (GSTM1), T1 (GSTT1), and P1 (GSTP1) and NAD(P)H:quinine oxidoreductase (NQO1)], inflammatory response [tumor necrosis factor a (TNFA)], immunologic response [Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4)], and airway reactivity [adrenergic receptor \u03b22 (ADRB2)]. Results: The association between modeled NO\u2082 and asthma prevalence was significant for carriers of the most common genotypes of NQO1 rs2917666 [odds ratio (OR) = 1.54; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.10-2.24], TNFA rs2844484 (OR = 2.02; 95% CI, 1.30-3.27). For new-onset asthma, the effect of NO\u2082 was significant for the most common genotype of NQO1 rs2917666 (OR = 1.52; 95% CI, 1.09-2.16). A significant interaction was found between NQO1 rs2917666 and NO\u2082 for asthma prevalence (p = 0.02) and new-onset asthma (p = 0.04). Conclusions: Genetic polymorphisms in the NQO1 gene are related to asthma susceptibility among persons exposed to local traffic-related air pollution. This points to the importance of antioxidant pathways in the protection against the effects of air pollution on asthma.\n      </p>", "Objective A goal of asthma management is to improve the patient's health-related quality of life (HRQL). However, it is unclear whether HRQL instruments can discriminate across asthma control measures. The objective of this study was to evaluate the validity of generic and condition-specific preference-based instruments, in terms of their ability to distinguish asthma control. Methods Asthma patients (n = 157) completed three generic preference-based instruments: the Health Utility Index Mark 3 (HUI-3), the EuroQol (EQ-5D), and the Short Form 6D (SF-6D) and two condition-specific questionnaires: the standardized Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ(S)) and the Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ). The AQLQ(S) scores were converted into the condition-specific preference-based scores: the Asthma Quality of Life Utility Index (AQL-5D). Results The preference-based instruments were generally able to discriminate across control measures, such as ACQ scores and magnitude of asthma medication, but were not able to discriminate for self-reported control and severity levels. These instruments also correlated with most control measures (r = 0.32-0.37). Significant relationships between AQL-5D scores and all control variables were observed. Conclusions Overall, the AQL-5D discriminated across all levels of asthma control. The HUI-3, the EQ-5D, and the SF-6D differentiated between the highest and lowest levels of control but could not discriminate between the moderate levels.\n      </p>", "The documented growing morbidity, mortality, and disability from asthma indicate a failure in effective delivery of appropriate care. This article reviews how different components of organizational technology in hospitals, free-standing emergency centers, physician practices, prepaid groups, and schools may be linked to asthma care and asthma outcomes. A framework to address how practice patterns, risk factors, and outcomes relate to organizational characteristics, such as time orientation, uncertainty, available technology, standardization of work, specialization of work, coordination, and control strategies, is presented.\n      </p>", "If asthma is due to work exposures there must be a relation between these exposures and the asthma. Asthma causes airway hyperresponsiveness and obstruction; the obstruction can be measured with portable meters, which usually measure peak expiratory flow, or sometimes forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1). These can be measured serially (for instance 2 hourly) over several weeks at and away from work. Once occupational asthma develops, the asthma will be induced by many non-specific triggers common to non-occupational asthma. The challenge is to identify changes in peak expiratory flow due to work among other non-occupational causes. Standard statistical tests have been found to be insensitive or non-specific, principally because of the variable period for deterioration to occur after exposure, and the sometimes prolonged time for recovery to occur, such that days away from work may initially have lower measurements than days at work. A computer assisted diagnostic aid (Oasys) has been developed to separate occupational from non-occupational causes of airflow obstruction. Oasys-2 is based on a discriminant analysis, and achieved a sensitivity of 75% and a specificity of at least 94%; therefore peak expiratory flow monitoring combined with Oasys-2 analysis is better to confirm than to exclude occupational asthma. A neural network version in development has improved on this. Both have been based on expert interpretation of peak flow measurements plotted as daily maximum, mean, and minimum, with the first reading at work taken as the first reading of the day. Oasys has been evaluated with independent criteria against measurements made in a wide range of occupational situations. Oasys is sufficiently developed to be the initial method for the confirmation, although less so for exclusion of occupational asthma.\n      </p>", "Background: Fetal life events may affect the development of the immune and/or respiratory system and increase the risk of asthma and allergic diseases. The objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that pregnancy complications are associated with the risk of developing asthma in the offspring. Methods: The study population comprised Norwegian live births 1967-1993 (n = 1,548,429) linking the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (MBRN) (exposure variables) and the National Insurance Administration Register (NIAR) (outcome variables), which covers all Norwegians. The MBRN variables included pregnancy complications, pregnancy outcomes and diseases of the mother. The NIAR provided data on all Norwegians who had received cash benefit for treatment of asthma from 1967 to 1996 (n = 5938, 3.9/1000 persons). Results: In multiple logistic regression analysis, pregnancy complications (International Classification of Diseases (ICD)-8-codes: 630-634) were associated with the risk of asthma (odds ratio 1.82, 95% confidence interval: 1.67-1.98). This was also the case if analyses were performed in different strata according to year of birth, plurality, maternal atopy, geographical district of birth, and maternal education. Conclusions: Pregnancy complications may represent risk factors for the development of asthma in the offspring or express early signs of increased risk for developing the disease.\n      </p>", "Background: Studies have consistently documented declines in respiratory health after 11 September 2001 (9/11) among surviving first responders and other World Trade Center (WTC) rescue, recovery, and clean-up workers. Objectives: The goal of this study was to describe the risk of newly diagnosed asthma among WTC site workers and volunteers and to characterize its association with WTC site exposures. Methods: We analyzed 2003-2004 interview data from the World Trade Center Health Registry for workers who did not have asthma before 9/11 (n = 25,748), estimating the risk of newly diagnosed asthma and its associations with WTC work history, including mask or respirator use. Results: Newly diagnosed asthma was reported by 926 workers (3.6%). Earlier arrival and longer duration of work were significant risk factors, with independent dose responses (p &lt; 0.001), as were exposure to the dust cloud and pile work. Among workers who arrived on 11 September, longer delays in the initial use of masks or respirators were associated with increased risk of asthma; adjusted odds ratios ranged from 1.63 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.03-2.56) for 1 day of delay to 3.44 (95% CI, 1.43-8.25) for 16-40 weeks delay. Conclusions: The rate of self-reported newly diagnosed asthma was high in the study population and significantly associated with increased exposure to the WTC disaster site. Although we could not distinguish appropriate respiratory protection from inappropriate, we observed a moderate protective effect of mask or respirator use. The findings underscore the need for adequate and timely distribution of appropriate protective equipment and the enforcement of its use when other methods of controlling respiratory exposures are not feasible.\n      </p>", "Background: Asthma treatment has broadened from managing clinical markers to incorporate factors that are most meaningful to patients, collectively called health-related quality of life (HQL). Objective: To develop an asthma-specific HQL tool, meeting demands for brevity, usefulness and measurement precision. Methods: The 20-item Sydney Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ) and six additional items were studied using factor analysis, reliability and validity tests among asthma patients 14 and older. Results: The 15-item Integrated Therapeutics Group Asthma Short Form (ITG-ASF) retains the validity of the AQLQ with improved scaling properties and interpretability. The ITG-ASF yields 6 scores: Symptom-Free Index, Functioning with Asthma, Psychosocial Impact of Asthma, Asthma Energy and Asthma-Confidence in Health and a Total. All items correlated 0.40 or higher with their hypothesized scales and passed discriminant validity tests, with scaling success rates from 75 to 100%. Reliability exceeded the minimum of 0.70 for group comparisons. Ceiling and floor effects were acceptable. Scales were valid in relation to changes in asthma severity and lung function. The best predictor of asthma severity (National Asthma Education and Prevention Program (NAEPP) staging) was the Symptom-Free Index. A Spanish translation is available, Chinese-American is forthcoming. The reading grade level is 4.8. Conclusions: Development of the ITG-ASF was a data-driven process maximizing measurement precision and breadth while minimizing burden. The ITG-ASF is a brief, comprehensive and empirically valid tool that complements traditional markers of the outcomes of asthma care.\n      </p>", "Feline asthma syndrome, previously recognized only in domestic cats, was diagnosed in three captive African lions (Panthera leo), one of which died as a result of the condition. Two of the lions displayed progressive signs for 7 yr, including severe bouts of coughing, wheezing, dyspnea, rhonchi, and tachypnea that were most severe during the spring and summer, and the third lion displayed acute signs only once. Scattered to diffuse increased interstitial markings, peribronchial cuffing, and focal atelectasis were visible in radiographs. At necropsy, multiple subpleural bullae, 2-3 cm in diameter, were scattered throughout the lung tissue. There were thick-walled bronchi and bronchioles filled with thick grayish mucus, and alveolar spaces were enlarged with severe, diffuse, banded multifocal areas of alveolar wall fibrosis. The lions had significantly elevated IgE type I immediate hypersensitivity responses to recognized aeroallergens. The captive management of lions should address the design and maintenance of allergen-free air supplies. Ventilation systems should be examined routinely and thoroughly cleaned of any residue. The frequency of examination should increase during the summer. Lions and other large cats should be routinely screened for IgE aeroallergen-specific titers, asthma cases should be treated promptly with prednisolone, and investigations of etiology should be initiated.\n      </p>", "Asthma has a high prevalence in the United States, and persons with asthma may be at added risk from the adverse effects of hazardous air pollutants (HAPs). Complex mixtures (fine particulate matter and tobacco smoke) have been associated with respiratory symptoms and hospital admissions for asthma. The toxic ingredients of these mixtures are HAPs, but whether ambient HAP exposures can induce asthma remains unclear. Certain HAPs are occupational asthmagens, whereas others may act as adjuncts during sensitization. HAPs may exacerbate asthma because, once sensitized, individuals can respond to remarkably low concentrations, and irritants lower the bronchoconstrictive threshold to respiratory antigens. Adverse responses after ambient exposures to complex mixtures often occur at concentrations below those producing effects in controlled human exposures to a single compound. In addition, certain HAPs that have been associated with asthma in occupational settings may interact with criteria pollutants in ambient air to exacerbate asthma. Based on these observations and past experience with 188 HAPs, a list of 19 compounds that could have the highest impact on the induction or exacerbation of asthma was developed. Nine additional compounds were identified that might exacerbate asthma based on their irritancy, respirability, or ability to react with biological macromolecules. Although the ambient levels of these 28 compounds are largely unknown, estimated exposures from emissions inventories and limited air monitoring suggest that aldehydes (especially acrolein and formaldehyde) and metals (especially nickel and chromium compounds) may have possible health risk indices sufficient for additional attention. Recommendations for research are presented regarding exposure monitoring and evaluation of biologic mechanisms controlling how these substances induce and exacerbate asthma.\n      </p>", "Background: There is increasing recognition of the importance of early environmental exposures in the development of childhood asthma. Outdoor air pollution is a recognized asthma trigger, but it is unclear whether exposure influences incident disease. We investigated the effect of exposure to ambient air pollution in utero and during the first year of life on risk of subsequent asthma diagnosis in a population-based nested case\u2014control study. Methods: We assessed all children born in southwestern British Columbia in 1999 and 2000 (n = 37,401) for incidence of asthma diagnosis up to 3-4 years of age using outpatient and hospitalization records. Asthma cases were age- and sex-matched to five randomly chosen controls from the eligible cohort. We estimated each individual's exposure to ambient air pollution for the gestational period and first year of life using high-resolution pollution surfaces derived from regulatory monitoring data as well as land use regression models adjusted for temporal variation. We used logistic regression analyses to estimate effects of carbon monoxide, nitric oxide, nitrogen dioxide, particulate matter \u2264 10 \u03bcm and \u2264 2.5 \u03bcm in aerodynamic diameter (PM\u2081\u2080 and ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$), ozone, sulfur dioxide, black carbon, woodsmoke, and proximity to roads and point sources on asthma diagnosis. Results: A total of 3,482 children (9%) were classified as asthma cases. We observed a statistically significantly increased risk of asthma diagnosis with increased early life exposure to CO, NO, NO\u2082, PM\u2081\u2080, SO\u2082, and black carbon and proximity to point sources. Traffic-related pollutants were associated with the highest risks: adjusted odds ratio = 1.08 (95% confidence interval, 1.04-1.12) for a 10-\u03bcg/m\u00b3 increase of NO, 1.12 (1.07-1.17) for a 10-\u03bcg/m\u00b3 increase in NO\u2082, and 1.10 (1.06-1.13) for a 100-\u03bcg/m\u00b3 increase in CO. These data support the hypothesis that early childhood exposure to air pollutants plays a role in development of asthma.\n      </p>", "Background: Despite extensive evidence that air pollution affects childhood asthma, state-level and national-level tracking of asthma outcomes in relation to air pollution is limited. Objectives: Our goals were to evaluate the feasibility of linking the 2001 California Health Interview Survey (CHIS), air monitoring, and traffic data; estimate associations between traffic density (TD) or outdoor air pollutant concentrations and childhood asthma morbidity; and evaluate the usefulness of such databases, linkages, and analyses to Environmental Public Health Tracking (EPHT). Methods: We estimated TD within 500 feet of residential cross-streets of respondents and annual average pollutant concentrations based on monitoring station measurements. We used logistic regression to examine associations with reported asthma symptoms and emergency department (ED) visits/hospitalizations. Results: Assignment of TD and air pollution exposures for cross-streets was successful for 82% of children with asthma in Los Angeles and San Diego, California, Counties. Children with asthma living in high ozone areas and areas with high concentrations of particulate matter &lt; 10 \u03bcm in aerodynamic diameter experienced symptoms more frequently, and those living close to heavy traffic reported more ED visits/hospitalizations. The advantages of the CHIS for asthma EPHT include a large and representative sample, biennial data collection, and ascertainment of important socio-demographic and residential address information. Disadvantages are its cross-sectional design, reliance on parental reports of diagnoses and symptoms, and lack of information on some potential confounders. Conclusions: Despite limitations, the CHIS provides a useful framework for examining air pollution and childhood asthma morbidity in support of EPHT, especially because later surveys address some noted gaps. We plan to employ CHIS 2003 and 2005 data and novel exposure assessment methods to re-examine the questions raised here.\n      </p>", "Background: Incorporating the influence of genetic variation in the risk assessment process is often considered, but no generalized approach exists. Many common human diseases such as asthma, cancer, and cardiovascular disease are complex in nature, as they are influenced variably by environmental, physiologic, and genetic factors. The genetic components most responsible for differences in individual disease risk are thought to be DNA variants (polymorphisms) that influence the expression or function of mediators involved in the pathological processes. Objective: The purpose of this study was to estimate the combinatorial contribution of multiple genetic variants to disease risk. Methods: We used a logistic regression model to help estimate the joint contribution that multiple genetic variants would have on disease risk. This model was developed using data collected from molecular epidemiology studies of allergic asthma that examined variants in 16 susceptibility genes. Results: Based on the product of single gene variant odds ratios, the risk of developing asthma was assigned to genotype profiles, and the frequency of each profile was estimated for the general population. Our model predicts that multiple disease variants broaden the risk distribution, facilitating the identification of susceptible populations. This model also allows for incorporation of exposure information as an independent variable, which will be important for risk variants associated with specific exposures. Conclusion: The present model provided an opportunity to estimate the relative change in risk associated with multiple genetic variants. This will facilitate identification of susceptible populations and help provide a framework to model the genetic contribution in probabilistic risk assessment.\n      </p>", "Asthma is a major public health problem, with variable trends in several countries. We analysed mortality trends from asthma in Italy and Spain between 1980 and 1996. Overall asthma-related mortality at all ages increased between 1980 and 1987 in both sexes in Italy, from 16.6 in 1980-1981 to 29.0 in 1986-1987 per million males, and from 8.0 in 1980-1981 to 13.8 in 1986-1987 per million females, but decreased thereafter to reach 14.6 per million in males and 8.7 in females in 1996. The downward trends after 1987 were consistent in middle age and elderly population, but asthma mortality tended to rise in children and young adults over the last few years. In Spain, overall age-standardized mortality rates from asthma declined in men from 37.8 in 1980-1981 to 10.1 in 1996, and from 19.5 in 1980-1981 to 13.2 per million females in 1996. In women, the fall in mortality rates was smaller, and overall mortality was higher than in males since early 1990s. Trends of asthma mortality in Italy and Spain were favourable over the last decade.\n      </p>", "Pyrethroid pesticides were applied via ground spraying to residential neighborhoods in New York City during July-September 2000 to control mosquito vectors of West Nile virus (WNV). Case reports link pyrethroid exposure to asthma exacerbations, but population-level effects on asthma from large-scale mosquito control programs have not been assessed. We conducted this analysis to determine whether widespread urban pyrethroid pesticide use was associated with increased rates of emergency department (ED) visits for asthma. We recorded the dates and locations of pyrethroid spraying during the 2000 WNV season in New York City and tabulated all ED visits for asthma to public hospitals from October 1999 through November 2000 by date and ZIP code of patients' residences. The association between pesticide application and asthma-related emergency visits was evaluated across date and ZIP code, adjusting for season, day of week, and daily temperature, precipitation, particulate, and ozone levels. There were 62,827 ED visits for asthma during the 14-month study period, across 162 ZIP codes. The number of asthma visits was similar in the 3-day periods before and after spraying (510 vs. 501, p = 0.78). In multivariate analyses, daily rates of asthma visits were not associated with pesticide spraying (rate ratio = 0.92; 95% confidence interval, 0.80-1.07). Secondary analyses among children and for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease yielded similar null results. This analysis shows that spraying pyrethroids for WNV control in New York City was not followed by population-level increases in public hospital ED visit rates for asthma.\n      </p>", "Puerto Rican children are more likely to have asthma than children in any other racial/ethnic group in the United States, yet little research has examined the factors contributing to childhood asthma among Puerto Ricans. Using data from a representative sample of mainland Puerto Rican children, the present study investigates the relationship between preterm birth and early-childhood asthma (i.e., in the first years of life). The roles of other risk factors (i.e., socioeconomic and demographic characteristics, environmental conditions, and maternal health behavior) in the development of asthma in early childhood also are considered. The analysis reveals a relatively high rate of asthma for preterm children as well as differences between term and preterm children in the risk factors for early-childhood asthma. Measures of socioeconomic status and the cleanliness of the home environment are related to asthma for term, but not preterm, children; in contrast, demographic characteristics and maternal health behavior are important risk factors for asthma among preterm children.\n      </p>", "The increase in asthma incidence, prevalence, and morbidity over recent decades presents a significant challenge to public health. Pollen is an important trigger of some types of asthma, and both pollen quantity and season depend on climatic and meteorologic variables. Over the same period as the global rise in asthma, there have been considerable increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration and global average surface temperature. We hypothesize anthropogenic climate change as a plausible contributor to the rise in asthma. Greater concentrations of carbon dioxide and higher temperatures may increase pollen quantity and induce longer pollen seasons. Pollen allergenicity can also increase as a result of these changes in climate. Exposure in early life to a more allergenic environment may also provoke the development of other atopic conditions, such as eczema and allergic rhinitis. Although the etiology of asthma is complex, the recent global rise in asthma could be an early health effect of anthropogenic climate change.\n      </p>", "Objectives: Recent studies have explored the potential for swimming pool disinfection by-products (DBPs), which are respiratory irritants, to cause asthma in young children. Here we describe the state of the science on methods for understanding children's exposure to DBPs and biologics at swimming pools and associations with new-onset childhood asthma and recommend a research agenda to improve our understanding of this issue. Data sources: A workshop was held in Leuven, Belgium, 21-23 August 2007, to evaluate the literature and to develop a research agenda to better understand children's exposures in the swimming pool environment and their potential associations with new-onset asthma. Participants, including clinicians, epidemiologists, exposure scientists, pool operations experts, and chemists, reviewed the literature, prepared background summaries, and held extensive discussions on the relevant published studies, knowledge of asthma characterization and exposures at swimming pools, and epidemiologic study designs. Synthesis: Childhood swimming and new-onset childhood asthma have clear implications for public health. If attendance at indoor pools increases risk of childhood asthma, then concerns are warranted and action is necessary. If there is no such relationship, these concerns could unnecessarily deter children from indoor swimming and/or compromise water disinfection. Conclusions: Current evidence of an association between childhood swimming and new-onset asthma is suggestive but not conclusive. Important data gaps need to be filled, particularly in exposure assessment and characterization of asthma in the very young. Participants recommended that additional evaluations using a multidisciplinary approach are needed to determine whether a clear association exists.\n      </p>", "To study delivery outcome in women with asthma, using Swedish health registers. Women with asthma were identified in two ways: by information in interviews performed by midwives at the pregnant woman's first visit to antenatal care, and by linkage between a medical birth register and a hospital discharge register, identifying women who had been hospitalized for asthma and also had a delivery. Births between 1984 and 1995 were studied. An increased risk for preterm birth and low birth weight was seen, possibly co-varying with disease severity. Also a significant increase in pregnancies of more than 41 weeks duration was noticed. An increase in infant death but not in congenital malformations rate was observed. An association with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and infant hypoglycemia was verified. Maternal asthma appears to be a risk factor for preterm and postterm births and increases the risk for some pregnancy complications.\n      </p>", "We investigated the association between rice burning and daily asthma hospitalizations in Butte County, California, from 1983 to 1992. Eighty-two percent of planted rice was burned, with a mean of 555 acres burned on days when burning was permitted. For 60% of the days during this period, no rice burning occurred. Peak burning occurred in fall and spring but was not correlated with criteria pollutants. Asthma admissions averaged 0.65/day and peaked in March. In the basic Poisson model with daily asthma hospitalizations as the outcome of interest, burn acreage showed a small but statistically significant elevation of risk for hospitalization per acre of rice burned [relative risk (RR) = 1.0001; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.00004-1.0002], after adjusting for maximum daily temperature, seasonal factors, and yearly population. In this model, burn acreage showed a dose-response effect as acreage burned increased. Days with the greatest acreage burned (&gt;499 acres) had the largest risk of hospitalization (RR = 1.23; CI, 1.09-1.39), and days with moderate burning (between 100 and 499 acres) had a slightly lower risk of admission (RR = 1.2; CI, 1.05-1.37). Elevations of air pollutants were not associated with days of increased rice burning; however, rice burn acreage was shown to have a small but statistically significant effect on asthma morbidity in Butte County. This evidence suggests that further limitations on the daily amount of rice straw permitted to be burned should be considered to reduce pulmonary morbidity related to asthma.\n      </p>", "The Christchurch Health and Development Study comprises 1,265 children born in 1977. The 23 children who received no diphtheria/pertussis/tetanus (DPT) and polio immunizations had no recorded asthma episodes or consultations for asthma or other allergic illness before age 10 years; in the immunized children, 23.1% had asthma episodes, 22.5% asthma consultations, and 30.0% consultations for other allergic illness. Similar differences were observed at ages 5 and 16 years. These findings do not appear to be due to differential use of health services (although this possibility cannot be excluded) or confounding by ethnicity, socioeconomic status, parental atopy, or parental smoking.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To elucidate factors contributing to hard metal asthma, the entire workforce of a corporation producing hard metal tools (n = 703) was examined. Methods\u2014The variables evaluated were the atopy reflected by immunoglobulin E (IgE) antibody against mite allergen, history of exposure to hard metal, smoking, concentration of airborne cobalt, specific IgE antibody reaction against cobalt, and the respiratory symptom of attacks of reversible dyspnoea with wheeze (asthmatic symptoms). Results\u2014Univariate analysis showed that the prevalence of the asthmatic symptoms was significantly higher in formerly and currently exposed male workers than in non-exposed male workers. Positive IgE reaction against cobalt was found in seven men (2\u00b70%), all of whom had asthmatic symptoms. Furthermore, it was found that atopy, positive IgE antibody against cobalt, and age of 40 or older were significantly correlated with asthmatic symptoms. Multilogistic analysis on the same factors and smoking in all of the workers showed that the age, experience of hard metal exposure, and atopy were significant risk factors associated with the asthmatic symptoms. Multilogistic analysis of data for currently exposed and non-exposed workers also showed that age and atopy were risk factors, and that the exposure to cobalt at the low concentration (at or below 50 \u03bcg/m3) but not at the higher concentration was a significant risk factor. Exposure to mist of coolants containing ionic cobalt, used during grinding, was not found to be any more hazardous in terms of onset of asthmatic symptoms than exposure to hard metal dust containing metallic cobalt. Conclusions\u2014Accordingly, it is concluded that both environmental factors and individual susceptibility should be taken into consideration in efforts to reduce the prevalence of hard metal asthma.\n      </p>", "Background: Family structure is known to influence children's behavioral, educational, and cognitive outcomes, and recent studies suggest that family structure affects children's access to health care as well. However, no study has addressed whether family structure is associated with the care children receive for particular conditions or with their physical health outcomes. Objective: To assess the effects of family structure on the treatment and outcomes of children with asthma. Methods: Our data sources were the 1996-2003 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS) and the 2003 National Survey of Children's Health (NSCH). The study samples consisted of children 2-17 years of age with asthma who lived in single-mother or 2-parent families. We assessed the effect of number of parents and number of other children in the household on office visits for asthma and use of asthma medications using negative binomial regression, and we assessed the effect of family structure on the severity of asthma symptoms using binary and ordinal logistic regression. Our regression models adjusted for sociodemographic characteristics, parental experience in child- rearing and in caring for an asthmatic child and, when appropriate, measures of children's health status. Results: Asthmatic children in single-mother families had fewer office visits for asthma and filled fewer prescriptions for controller medications than children with 2 parents. In addition, children living in families with 3 or more other children had fewer office visits and filled fewer prescriptions for reliever and controller medications than children living with no other children. Children from singlemother families had more health difficulties from asthma than children with 2 parents, and children living with 2 or more other children were more likely to have an asthma attack in the past 12 months than children living with no other children. Conclusions: For children with asthma, living with a single mother and the presence of additional children in the household are associated with less treatment for asthma and worse asthma outcomes.\n      </p>", "The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of asthma among United Arab Emirates school children aged 6-14 years. A cross-sectional study of 850 school children living in both urban and rural areas (average age 9.36 \u00b1 2.11 years, 46.8% boys and 53.2% girls) was conducted using self-administered questionnaires between October 1992 and May 1993. The population sample had a high prevalence rate of diagnosed asthma (13.6%), breathlessness or tightness in chest (9.7%), allergic rhinitis (22.9%), and nocturnal cough (8.9%). Allergic rhinitis was the most frequently seen respiratory illness when compared to other respiratory symptoms. The frequency of asthma, allergic rhinitis and eczema among parents reflected the same pattern as that seen in the children. Prevalence rate of asthma was not significantly higher in fathers (5.9%) than in mothers (5.3%). The differences between the sexes were not significant in any of the age group studied for any of the allergic conditions, except for diagnosed asthma in which the prevalence rate in males was significantly higher than that in females. On the whole, the prevalence rate of all the conditions increased with age. But the frequency of allergic rhinitis symptoms was significantly higher in mothers (16%) than in fathers (10.8%). These results are consistent with those obtained in neighbouring gulf countries and are higher than those of some developed countries, but the differences are not statistically significant.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To examine the effect of occupation on respiratory symptoms in a randomly selected adult population aged 20\u201344 years. Methods\u2014It is based on the phase II sampling of the New Zealand part of the European Community respiratory health survey. 1609 people (63\u00b79% response rate) completed a detailed respiratory questionnaire. Of those responding, 1174 (73%) underwent skin tests and 1126 (70%) attended to undergo methacholine bronchial challenge. Current occupation was recorded and a previous occupation was also recorded if it had led to respiratory problems. 21 occupational groups were used for analysis for the five definitions of asthma: wheezing in the previous 12 months; symptoms related to asthma; bronchial hyperresponsiveness (BHR); BHR with wheezing in the previous 12 months; and BHR with symptoms related to asthma. Results\u2014Prevalence odds ratios (ORs) were significantly increased for farmers and farm workers (OR 4\u00b716, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1\u00b733 to 13\u00b71 for the combination of wheezing and BHR). Increased risks of prevalence of asthma were also found for laboratory technicians, food processors (other than bakers), chemical workers, and plastic and rubber workers. Workers had also been divided into high and low risk exposure categories according to relevant publications. The prevalence of wheezing was greater in the high risk group (OR 1\u00b757, 95% CI 0\u00b783 to 2\u00b795) than in the low risk group. Atopy was associated with asthma, but the prevalence of atopy did not differ significantly between occupational exposure groups. The attributable risk of wheezing that occurred after the age of 15 years and that was estimated to be due to occupational exposure (based on the defined high risk group) was 1\u00b79%, but this increased to 3\u00b71% when farmers and food processors (other than bakers) were also included in the high risk group. Conclusions\u2014This population based study has identified certain occupations significantly associated with combinations of asthmatic symptoms and BHR.\n      </p>", "Asthma is the most common chronic illness of childhood and its prevalence is increasing, causing much concern for identification of risk factors such as air pollution. We previously conducted a study showing a relationship between asthma visits in all persons &lt; 65 years of age to emergency departments (EDs) and air pollution in Seattle, Washington. In that study the most frequent zip codes of the visits were in the inner city. The Seattle-King County Department of Public Health (Seattle, WA) subsequently published a report which showed that the hospitalization rate for children in the inner city was over 600/100,000, whereas it was &lt; 100/100,000 for children living in the suburbs. Therefore, we conducted the present study to evaluate whether asthma visits to hospital emergency departments in the inner city of Seattle were associated with outdoor air pollution levels. ED visits to six hospitals for asthma and daily air pollution data were obtained for 15 months during 1995 and 1996. The association between air pollution and childhood ED visits for asthma from the inner city area with high asthma hospitalization rates were compared with those from lower hospital utilization areas. Daily ED counts were regressed against fine particulate matter (PM), carbon monoxide (CO), sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen dioxide using a semiparametric Poisson regression model. Significant associations were found between ED visits for asthma in children and fine PM and CO. A change of 11 \u03bc g/ m3 in fine PM was associated with a relative rate of 1.15 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.08-1.23]. There was no stronger association between ED visits for asthma and air pollution in the higher hospital utilization area than in the lower utilization area. These findings were seen when estimated PM2.5 concentrations were below the newly adopted annual National Ambient Air Quality Standard of 15 \u03bc g/ m3.\n      </p>", "Objective: The purpose of this study was to describe the prevalence of asthma among children using alternative case definitions applied to administrative claims data, and to assess year-to-year classification concordance. Methods: This study was a retrospective cohort analysis of 357,729 children 0-18 years using 2001-2002 Michigan Medicaid claims. Asthma cases were classified using six alternative definitions based on outpatient, emergency department, inpatient, and pharmacy claims for asthma, including the Health Plan Employer Data Information Set (HEDIS) persistent asthma criteria commonly used for assessments of asthma health care quality: at least one asthma inpatient admission or emergency department visit, four or more asthma medications events, or four asthma outpatient visits and two asthma medication events. Results: Overall, asthma prevalence varied widely between alternative case definitions, ranging from 14.9% based on claims evidence of any type of asthma utilization to 3.7% when restricted to those with four or more asthma medication dispensing events. Among cases meeting HEDIS persistent asthma criteria in 2001, 55.5% met these criteria in 2002. Those with four or more asthma medication dispensing events had the best overall classification concordance between 2001 and 2002. Utilization of asthma services and prevalence estimates were highest among children younger than 5 years old, but year-to-year classification concordance was poorest among these cases (p&amp;lt0.0001), irrespective of case definition. Conclusions: While overall asthma prevalence may remain relatively stable from year to year, individuals may not be classified consistently as cases over time, regardless of case definition. Studies that identify asthma cases in one year and assess asthma outcomes in a subsequent year may introduce substantial bias as a result of case misclassification. Among the case definitions considered in this study, our findings suggest that this bias is minimized among cases classified using the four or more asthma medication dispensing events criterion.\n      </p>", "A case of occupational asthma in a 41 year old histopathology laboratory technician attributable to a powder preparation of the porcine pancreatic enzyme amylase is reported. The diagnosis was confirmed by a double blind, placebo controlled, inhalation challenge study which showed immediate and late asthmatic reactions associated with a significant increase in airway responsiveness to methacholine.\n      </p>", "To model the time evolution of the event rate in recurrent event data a crucial role is played by the timescale that is used. Depending on the timescale selected the interpretation of the time evolution will be entirely different, both in parametric and semiparametric frailty models. The gap timescale is more appropriate when studying the recurrent event rate as a function of time since the last event, whereas the calendar timescale keeps track of actual time. We show both timescales in action on data from an asthma prevention trial in young children. The frailty model is further extended to include both timescales simultaneously as this might be most relevant in practice.\n      </p>", "Background No quick and easy assessment tool is presently available to measure asthma control and outcome in Chinese children. Methods We translated an established seven-item questionnaire into the Chinese Childhood Asthma Control Test (C-CACT) to measure asthma symptoms and their effect on daily function in 247 children aged 4-11 years enrolled from specialty clinics around Tainan. Subjects were classed as having either intermittent or persistent asthma and were evaluated at two outpatient visits 4-8 weeks apart (baseline and follow-up). Results C-CACT at baseline correlated significantly with physician evaluation scores (PES) except in predicted peak expiratory flow rate. There were significant differences for mean C-CACT score and mean PES between the intermittent group and persistent group. Internal consistency reliability of the survey was 0.741 at baseline and 0.759 at the follow-up visit. Test-retest reliability among 209 patients with the same specialist rating of asthma control at baseline and follow-up was r = 0.546 (P &lt; 0.001). C-CACT scores of patients whose therapy needed to be stepped up was significantly lower than in those with unchanged or stepped-down therapy (F = 39.61, P&lt;0.001). Conclusions C-CACT provides a reliable, valid, and responsive measure of asthma control in Chinese children.\n      </p>", "Asthma is a chronic condition of increasing prevalence and high cost to patients, their families, and society. Research into the causes and consequences of asthma has increased during the last few years, but the use of health status measures to help characterize patient outcomes is infrequent. Those studies that have included health status measures have focused on different dimensions of health status, making comparisons across studies difficult. The purpose of this article is to provide information about the selection of health status measures in studies of persons with asthma and to review applications of and make recommendations for health status assessment in asthma research. These recommendations include: use of both generic and specific instruments where appropriate, the development of new asthma-specific measures and rigorous testing of the several new measures that have been reported recently, and the development and inclusion of utility measures in studies of asthma.\n      </p>", "Results of studies of the epidemiology, physiology, histopathology, and cell biology of asthma have revised our conception of the disease. Epidemiologic studies have shown asthma to be an important cause of death, suffering, and economic hardship. Physiologic studies have shown that asthma is a chronic illness characterized by persistent bronchial hyperreactivity. Histopathologic studies have shown characteristic changes: epithelial damage, deposition of collagen beneath the basement membrane, eosinophilic and lymphocytic infiltration, and hypertrophy and hyperplasia of goblet cells, submucosal glands, and airway smooth muscle. Studies of the functions of cells in the airway mucosa suggest that asthma may be fundamentally mediated by a difference in the type of lymphocyte predominating in the airway mucosa but may also involve complex interactions among resident and migratory cells. Asthma may thus result from sensitization of a subpopulation of CD4+ lymphocytes, the Th2 subtype, in the airways. These lymphocytes produce a family of cytokines that favor IgE production and the growth and activation of mast cells and eosinophils, arming the airways with the mechanisms of response to subsequent reexposure to the allergen. This conceptual model has stimulated research along lines that will almost certainly lead to powerful new treatments, and it has already put current therapies in a new light, clarifying the role of antiinflammatory agents, especially of inhaled corticosteroids. This conceptual model has some limitations: it ignores new evidence on the role of the mast cell in producing cytokines and depends on results of studies of the effects of inhalation of allergen, although most asthma exacerbations are provoked by viral respiratory infection. Preliminary studies suggest that viral infection and allergen inhalation may involve the activation of different pathways, with viral infection activating production of cytokines by airway epithelial cells. Similar study of the mechanisms activated by inhalation of air toxics may provide important clues as to how they might induce or exacerbate asthma.\n      </p>", "Objective\u2014To examine the quantitative relation between exposure to isocyanates and occupational asthma, and to explore the role of atopy and smoking in occurrence of the disease. Method\u2014A case-referent study was undertaken of cases from two manufacturing companies (A and B) from which referents without disease could be selected and reliable exposure measurements were available. In company A, 27 cases mainly attributed to toluene diisocyanate (TDI) were matched to 51 referents on work area, start and duration of employment, sex, and age. Exposures were estimated from existing measurements by job category. In company B there were seven cases attributed to 4,4\u2032-diphenylmethane diisocyanate (MDI) in two areas of the plant; 12 non-cases from the same areas were used as referents. Personal exposure measurements were available for all cases and 11 referents. Results\u2014No difference in peak exposures between cases and referents was found in either plant; but in both, time weighted average (TWA) exposures at the time of onset of asthma were higher for cases. In A, the mean TWA exposure for cases was 1.5 (95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.2 to 1.8) ppb compared with 1.2 (1.0 to 1.4) ppb for referents. From a matched analysis, the odds ratio (OR) associated with 8 hour TWA exposure to isocyanates greater than 1.125 ppb (the median concentration for the referent group) was 3.2 (95% CI 0.96 to 10.6; p=0.06). Occupational asthma was associated with a pre-employment history of atopic illness (OR 3.5, p=0.04) and, less strongly, with smoking (OR 2.1, p=0.14). In B, small numbers limited analysis, but three of seven cases had at least one TWA exposure measurement greater than 5 ppb compared with one of 11 referents (OR 7.5, p=0.09). Conclusion\u2014Asthma can occur at low concentrations of isocyanates, but even at low concentrations, the higher the exposure the greater the risk. By contrast with other studies, smoking and atopy seemed to increase the odds of occupational asthma due to isocyanates, but did not affect the estimate of risk associated with exposure.\n      </p>", "The relation between exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and childhood asthma is not clear. A 1993 study of 892 subjects age 6-17 years (87.5% of 1,019 eligible subjects) living in Humboldt, Saskatchewan, showed that a lifetime history of asthma and asthma attack during the past 12 months were more common among allergic children than among nonallergic children. The number of household smokers and total daily cigarette consumption by household members were linearly related to both lifetime history of asthma and recent asthma in nonallergic children, but not in allergic children. Our study indicates that allergic status does alter the relation between exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and childhood asthma.\n      </p>", "Background: In the past 15 years, asthma prevalence has increased and is disproportionately distributed among children, minorities, and low-income persons. The National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) Division of Extramural Research and Training developed a framework to measure the scientific and health impacts of its extramural asthma research to improve the scientific basis for reducing the health effects of asthma. Objectives: Here we apply the framework to characterize the NIEHS asthma portfolio's impact in terms of publications, clinical applications of findings, community interventions, and technology developments. Methods: A logic model was tailored to inputs, outputs, and outcomes of the NIEHS asthma portfolio. Data from existing National Institutes of Health (NIH) databases are used, along with publicly available bibliometric data and structured elicitation of expert judgment. Results: NIEHS is the third largest source of asthma-related research grant funding within the NIH between 1975 and 2005, after the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Much of NIEHS-funded asthma research focuses on basic research, but results are often published in journals focused on clinical investigation, increasing the likelihood that the work is moved into practice along the \"bench to bedside\" continuum. NIEHS support has led to key breakthroughs in scientific research concerning susceptibility to asthma, environmental conditions that heighten asthma symptoms, and cellular mechanisms that may be involved in treating asthma. Conclusions: If gaps and limitations in publicly available data receive adequate attention, further linkages can be demonstrated between research activities and public health improvements. This logic model approach to research impact assessment demonstrates that it is possible to conceptualize program components, mine existing databases, and begin to show longer-term impacts of program results. The next challenges will be to modify current data structures, improve the linkages among relevant databases, incorporate as much electronically available data as possible, and determine how to improve the quality and health impact of the science that we support.\n      </p>", "Background: Recent studies indicate that the composition of fine particulate matter [PM \u2264 2.5 \u03bcm in aerodynamic diameter &lt;tex-math&gt;$({\\rm PM}_{2.5})$&lt;/tex-math&gt;] is associated with increased hospitalizations for cardiovascular and respiratory diseases. The metal composition of &lt;tex-math&gt;${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; influences allergic and/or inflammatory reactions, and ambient zinc contributes to worsening pulmonary function in susceptible adults. However, information is limited concerning associations between ambient air zinc levels and health care utilization for asthma, especially among children. Objective: We aimed to investigate the relationship between outdoor ambient air &lt;tex-math&gt;${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; zinc levels and urgent health care utilization for children living in an urban area. Methods: We used a time-series study to estimate the association of ambient air &lt;tex-math&gt;${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; zinc levels with hospital admissions and emergency department (ED) utilization by children in Baltimore, Maryland, controlling for time trends. We used data from daily discharge administrative claims of ED and hospital utilization for asthma in children, 0-17 years of age for Greater Baltimore from June 2002 through November 2002. We collected ambient air &lt;tex-math&gt;${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; metal concentration data, determined by X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy, during the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency-sponsored Baltimore Supersite project. Results: Previous-day medium levels of zinc &lt;tex-math&gt;$(8.63-20.76\\ {\\rm ng}/{\\rm m}^{3})$&lt;/tex-math&gt; are associated with risks of pediatric asthma exacerbations that are 1.23 (95% confidence interval, 1.07-1.41) times higher than those with previous-day low levels of zinc &lt;tex-math&gt;$(&lt;8.63\\ {\\rm ng}/{\\rm m}^{3})$&lt;/tex-math&gt; after accounting for time-varying potential confounders. Conclusion: Results suggest that high ambient air &lt;tex-math&gt;${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; zinc levels are associated with an increase in ED visits/hospital admissions for asthma on the following day among children living in an urban area.\n      </p>", "Objective: Home dampness and the presence of mold and allergens have been associated with asthma morbidity. We examined changes in asthma morbidity in children as a result of home remediation aimed at moisture sources. Design: In this prospective, randomized controlled trial, symptomatic, asthmatic children (n = 62), 2-17 years of age, living in a home with indoor mold, received an asthma intervention including an action plan, education, and individualized problem solving. The remediation group also received household repairs, including reduction of water infiltration, removal of water-damaged building materials, and heating/ventilation/air-conditioning alterations. The control group received only home cleaning information. We measured children's total and allergen-specific serum immunoglobulin E, peripheral blood eosinophil counts, and urinary cotinine. Environmental dust samples were analyzed for dust mite, cockroach, rodent urinary protein, endotoxin, and fungi. The follow-up period was 1 year. Results: Children in both groups showed improvement in asthma symptomatic days during the preremediation portion of the study. The remediation group had a significant decrease in symptom days (p = 0.003, as randomized; p = 0.004, intent to treat) after remodeling, whereas these parameters in the control group did not significantly change. In the postremediation period, the remediation group had a lower rate of exacerbations compared with control asthmatics (as treated: 1 of 29 vs. 11 of 33, respectively, p = 0.003; intent to treat: 28.1% and 10.0%, respectively, p = 0.11). Conclusion: Construction remediation aimed at the root cause of moisture sources and combined with a medical/behavioral intervention significantly reduces symptom days and health care use for asthmatic children who live in homes with a documented mold problem.\n      </p>", "Background: Racial and ethnic disparities in health and health care have been well documented, but few studies have addressed how disparities may change over time. Objective: We sought to determine the change in relative rates over time of corticosteroid metered dose inhaler (MDI) use in minority and nonminority populations with asthma. Design and Setting: We used a cross-sectional survey for 5 periods of 2 years' each (1989-1990, 1991-1992, 1993-1994, 1995-1996, 1997-1998) using the National Ambulatory Medical Care Surveys (NAMCS). Participants: A total of 3671 visits by adults and children with asthma to U.S. office-based physicians comprised our sample. Main Outcome Measure: We sought to measure differences in inhaled corticosteroid use for minority and nonminority adults and children controlling for gender, specialty, U.S. region, and type of insurance. Results: Minority patients with asthma were less than half as likely as nonminority patients to have had a steroid MDI prescribed during 1989-1990. By 1995-1996, minority and nonminority patients with asthma were equally likely to have had a steroid MDI prescribed. Although differences between black and white patients resolved, differences between white and Hispanic patients persisted even after adjusting for insurance. Children initially were less likely than adults with asthma to have steroid MDI prescribed, and this difference persisted. Minority children had the greatest delay in adoption of steroid MDIs. Conclusion: Steroid MDIs diffused into minority and nonminority adult and child populations at different rates.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To estimate the annual rates of self reported occupational asthma in different occupational groups in Sweden. Methods\u2014All claims of occupational asthma 1990\u20132 in the Swedish register of reported occupational diseases were classified according to occupation. The number of people employed in each occupational group in the general population was obtained from the 1990 national census. Reporting rates (cases/million/year) were calculated for each occupation with more than five reported cases, according to sex and age (20 to 64 years, and 20 to 44 years). Results\u20141010 cases were reported giving an annual crude reporting rate of 80/million (95% confidence interval (95% CI) 70 to 90). For men, the crude reporting rate was 91/million (95% CI 84 to 98), and for women 70/million (95% CI 80 to 106). The highest reporting rates were among male bakers (775/million), furnacemen (702/million), male welders (647/million), female chemical and plastic production workers (629/million), and female poultry and dairy farm workers (602/million). Conclusions\u2014A surveillance system based on self reporting is influenced by considerable bias, especially reporting bias. However, results for the specific occupations with high rates were similar to those found with other surveillance systems. This indicates that our system is a useful one.\n      </p>", "We assessed whether any household dust reduction intervention has the effect of increasing or decreasing the development or severity of atopic disease. /// Electronic searches on household intervention and atopic disease were conducted in January 2007 in EMBASE, MEDLINE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials. No date or language restriction was placed on the literature search. /// We included randomized controlled trials comparing asthma outcomes in a household intervention group with either placebo intervention or no intervention. /// Fourteen studies met the inclusion criteria. Eight recruited antenatally and measured development of atopic disease. Six recruited known atopic individuals and measured disease status change. Meta-analyses on the prevention studies found that the interventions made no difference to the onset of wheeze but made a significant reduction in physician-diagnosed asthma. Meta-analysis of lung function outcomes indicated no improvement due to the interventions but found a reduction in symptom days. Qualitatively, health care was used less in those receiving interventions. However, in one study that compared intervention, placebo, and control arms, the reduction in heath care use was similar in the placebo and intervention arms. /// This review suggests that there is not sufficient evidence to suggest implementing hygiene measures in an attempt to improve outcomes in existing atopic disease, but interventions from birth in those at high risk of atopy are useful in preventing diagnosed asthma but not parental-reported wheeze.\n      </p>", "Background. Pediatric asthma survey measures have not been adequately tested in non-English-speaking populations. Objectives. To test the reliability and validity of an English and Spanish symptom scale to measure asthma control in children. Subjects. Parents (54% Spanish-speaking; 61% not high school graduates) of 234 children seen in the emergency department for an asthma exacerbation. Measures. Parent report of frequency and perceived severity of child asthma symptoms during the beginning and after resolution of the exacerbation. Results. An 8-item scale composed of reports of cough, wheezing, shortness of breath, asthma attacks, chest pain, night symptoms, and overall perceived severity had very good psychometric properties in both English and Spanish. The reliability (Cronbach's \u03b1) of the scale ranged from 0.81 to 0.87 for both languages and time frames. In both languages, the validity of the scale was supported by responsiveness to changes in clinical status (lower symptom score after resolution of the exacerbation, P &lt; 0.001) and by moderate to strong correlations (P &lt; 0.001) with other asthma morbidity measures (parent report of child bother: r = 0.59-0.65; school days lost: r = 0.38-0.67; and activity days lost: r = 0.41-0.59). There were no statistically significant differences in the reliability or construct validity of the summary symptom scale by language, although Spanish speakers reported a lower frequency of some symptoms than did English speakers. Conclusions. A reliable and valid 8-item scale can be used to measure control of asthma symptoms in Spanish-speaking populations of low literacy. Additional research to evaluate language equivalency of asthma measures is necessary.\n      </p>", "The relationship between day-to-day changes in asthma severity and combined exposures to community air pollutants and aeroallergens remains to be clearly defined. We examined the effects of outdoor air pollutants, fungi, and pollen on asthma. Twenty-two asthmatics ages 9-46 years were followed for 8 weeks (9 May-3 July 1994) in a semirural Southern California community around the air inversion base elevation (1,200 ft). Daily diary responses included asthma symptom severity (6 levels), morning and evening peak expiratory flow rates (PEFR), and as-needed \u03b2-agonist inhaler use. Exposures included 24-hr outdoor concentrations of fungi, pollen, and particulate matter with a diameter &lt;10 \u03bcm ( PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt;; maximum = 51 \u03bc g/ m&lt;sup&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt;) and 12-hour day-time personal ozone ( O&lt;sub&gt;3&lt;/sub&gt;) measurements (90th percentile = 38 ppb). Random effects longitudinal regression models controlled for autocorrelation and weather. Higher temperatures were strongly protective, probably due to air conditioning use and diminished indoor allergens during hot, dry periods. Controlling for weather, total fungal spore concentrations were associated with all outcomes: per minimum to 90th percentile increase of nearly 4,000 spores/ m&lt;sup&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt;, asthma symptom scores increased 0.36 (95% CI, 0.16-0.56), inhaler use increased 0.33 puffs (95% CI, -0.02-0.69), and evening PEFR decreased 12.1 l/min (95% CI, -1.8-22.3). These associations were greatly enhanced by examining certain fungal types (e.g., Alternaria, basidiospores, and hyphal fragments) and stratifying on 16 asthmatics allergic to tested deuteromycete fungi. There were no significant associations to low levels of pollen or O&lt;sub&gt;3&lt;/sub&gt;, but inhaler use was associated with PM&lt;sub&gt;10&lt;/sub&gt; (0.15 inhaler puffs/10 \u03bc g/ m&lt;sup&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt;; p&lt;0.02). These findings suggest that exposure to fungal spores can adversely effect the daily respiratory status of some asthmatics.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To compare the outcome of occupational asthma (OA) induced by isocyanates in Ontario (where a surveillance programme for exposed workers has been in place for over 15 years), with the outcome of OA induced by other work agents. Methods\u2014Compensated OA claims during the period 1984\u201388 in Ontario were retrospectively reviewed in a standardised way. Results\u2014136/235 compensated claims were attributed to isocyanates. Compared with other causes of OA, those attributed to isocyanates had a shorter latent period before onset (5.9 \u03c5 7.9 years, P&lt;0.05), shorter duration of symptoms before diagnosis (2.0 \u03c5 3.0 years, P&lt;0.05), and less associated atopy (43% \u03c5 58%, P&lt;0.05). Outcome at a mean of 1.9 years after initial assessment was significantly better in those with OA induced by isocyanates; 73% cleared or improved \u03c5 56% with other causes of OA (P&lt;0.05). Ten subjects with OA induced by isocyanates stayed at the same work; none cleared and four had worsened at follow up. A better outcome in OA induced by isocyanates was associated with early diagnosis (P&lt;0.05), and early removal from isocyanates after the onset of asthma. Conclusions\u2014The outcome in the group with OA induced by isocyanates is similar to previous follow up studies. However, it is better than the outcome in our comparison group with OA due to other causes, perhaps because of earlier diagnosis in the group with OA induced by isocyanates. This may be attributable to the medical surveillance of workers exposed to isocyanates in Ontario, either directly from the surveillance assessments, or indirectly by increasing awareness of the condition.\n      </p>", "Objective A cross-sectional study collecting demographic, work history, disease, and quality-of-life (QOL) data from adults with asthma was explored for a relationship between workplace exacerbation of asthma (WEA) and QOL. Study design and setting The study population of adults with asthma was drawn from adults affiliated with Fallon Community Health Plan, a health maintenance organization serving Massachusetts. Results The sample consisted of 598 adults with asthma. Based on univariate analyses, study participants with WEA had a statistically significant higher Total QOL score, indicating a worse quality of life, than participants whose asthma was not work-related (2.43 vs. 1.74, P \u2264 0.001), and also higher scores on the instrument's four subscales for Breathlessness, Mood Disturbance, Social Disruptions, and Health Concerns. After controlling for covariates using multiple linear regression, the relationship between WEA and the Total QOL score was statistically significant (P = 0.0004) with a coefficient of 0.54. The coefficient for WEA was also statistically significant based on regression models for all the subscales with the exception of the Breathlessness score (P = 0.08). Conclusion In summary, WEA was associated with a worse QOL. Ideally, employees and employers would work together to minimize the conditions at work that contribute to WEA, which should decrease the frequency of WEA and related degradation of QOL.\n      </p>", "Objective\u2014To examine the effect on hospital presentations for asthma of brief exposures to sulphur dioxide (SO2) (within the range 0\u20138700 \u03bcg/m3) emanating from two point sources in a remote rural city of 25 000 people. Methods\u2014A time series analysis of SO2 concentrations and hospital presentations for asthma was undertaken at Mount Isa where SO2 is released into the atmosphere by a copper smelter and a lead smelter. The study examined 5 minute block mean SO2 concentrations and daily hospital presentations for asthma, wheeze, or shortness of breath. Generalised linear models and generalised additive models based on a Poisson distribution were applied. Results\u2014There was no evidence of any positive relation between peak SO2 concentrations and hospital presentations or admissions for asthma, wheeze, or shortness of breath. Conclusion\u2014Brief exposures to high concentrations of SO2 emanating from point sources at Mount Isa do not cause sufficiently serious symptoms in asthmatic people to require presentation to hospital.\n      </p>", "Background: Polymorphisms in the proinflammatory cytokine genes tumor necrosis factor-\u03b1 (TNF) and lymphotoxin-\u03b1 (LTA, also called TNF-\u03b2) have been associated with asthma and atopy in some studies. Parental smoking is a consistent risk factor for childhood asthma. Secondhand smoke and ozone both stimulate TNF production. Objectives: Our goal was to investigate whether genetic variation in TNF and LTA is associated with asthma and atopy and whether the association is modified by parental smoking in a Mexican population with high ozone exposure. Methods: We genotyped six tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in TNF and LTA, including functional variants, in 596 nuclear families consisting of asthmatics 4-17 years of age and their parents in Mexico City. Atopy was determined by skin prick tests. Results: The A allele of the TNF-308 SNP was associated with increased risk of asthma [relative risk (RR) = 1.54; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.04-2.28], especially among children of nonsmoking parents (RR = 2.06; 95% CI, 1.19-3.55; p for interaction = 0.09). Similarly, the A allele of the TNF-238 SNP was associated with increased asthma risk among children of nonsmoking parents (RR = 2.21; 95% CI, 1.14-4.30; p for interaction = 0.01). LTA SNPs were not associated with asthma. Haplotype analyses reflected the single SNP findings in magnitude and direction. TNF and LTA SNPs were not associated with the degree of atopy. Conclusions: Our results suggest that genetic variation in TNF may contribute to childhood asthma and that associations may be modified by parental smoking.\n      </p>", "The objective of this study is to describe the mortality of subjects with self-reported asthma aged 65 and over and to determine risk factors. PAQUID (Personnes Ag\u00e9es QUID) is a prospective cohort of 3777 elderly people, living at home in the South-west of France. The study of subjects with self-reported asthma started at 3 year follow-up by using three epidemiological questions: 'Did you have an attack of wheezing that made you feel short of breath in the last 12 past months?', 'Have you ever had asthma?', 'Did you have at least one asthma attack in the previous 12 months?'. Data on mortality were available at 8-year follow-up. Among the 2348 subjects who responded to these questions, 206 reported symptoms of asthma. Two groups were defined as 'pure asthma' and 'associated asthma' taking into account chronic bronchitis and smoking. Besides a gender difference, there was no statistical difference between those two groups so they were combined in a single group for further analysis. During the 5-year study period, 29.1% of subjects with self-reported asthma vs. 23.8% nonasthmatics died. A Cox model with delayed entry was used to calculate mortality rates. Interaction terms between each of the factors related to mortality and asthmatic status were analyzed to determine risk factors of mortality. Subjects with self-reported asthma had a higher risk of death than nonasthmatics (relative risk (RR): 1.49; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.1-1.9; p = 0.009). This risk was significant (RR: 1.4; 95% CI: 1.05-1.8; p = 0.02) even after adjustment on morbidity variables. However no specific mortality risk factors were found for subjects with self-reported asthma.\n      </p>", "A growing body of evidence has implicated allergens derived from cockroaches as an important environmental factor that may aggravate asthma in sensitized persons. We present the case of a 30-year-old man with asthma and a cockroach allergy. Allergy skin testing confirmed hypersensitivity to cockroach extract, and a home visit revealed visual evidence of infestation and the presence of Bla g 1 German cockroach allergen in vacuumed dust. As is typical of patients with a cockroach allergy and asthma, multiple factors in addition to cockroach allergen appeared to aggravate the patient's asthma. A multimodality therapeutic regimen, which included medications as well as cleaning of the home, integrated pest management, and professional application of chemical controls, resulted in substantial clinical improvement. The pathophysiology, epidemiology, and clinical features of cockroach-allergic asthma are reviewed, and an approach to diagnosis and management is suggested.\n      </p>", "This paper addresses how medical care financing issues may impact on the process and outcome of asthma care. Because asthma-specific data are scarce, an attempt has been made to extrapolate from an understanding of payment issues for chronic illness in general to the specific case of asthma. First, some broad features of the effect of payment systems on health care delivery are reviewed. How financing of care for the individual patient affects financial access to care is then examined. Next, financing of care at the provider level is discussed, and fee-for-service and prepaid systems are compared with respect to how individual patients with chronic illness may be treated differently. Financing at the health insurance plan level, particularly with regard to benefits and quality of care, then is explored. Finally, knowledge gaps are highlighted, as are some of the difficulties encountered in investigating this topic.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To screen adult subjects with asthma for sensitivity to inhaled sulphur dioxide (SO2) and identify subject characteristics associated with that sensitivity. Medication use, symptoms, and plasma antioxidant nutrients between SO2 responders and non-responders were compared. Methods\u2014Adult subjects (ages 18-39 years) with asthma were exposed to 0.5 ppm SO2 for 10 minutes during moderate exercise. Pulmonary function tests and symptom ratings were assessed before and after exposure (n=47). A subject was classified as sensitive to SO2 if forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) showed a drop \u22658% over baseline. Blood samples were obtained from subjects (n=38) before the SO2 challenge; plasma ascorbate, \u03b1-tocopherol, retinol, carotenoids, and lipids were measured. Results\u2014Of the 47 subjects screened, 53% had a drop in FEV1 \u22658% (ranging from \u22128% to \u221244%). Among those 25 subjects, the mean drop in FEV1 was \u221217.2%. Baseline pulmonary function indices (FEV1% of predicted and FEV1/FVC% (forced vital capacity)) did not predict sensitivity to SO2. Although use of medication was inversely related to changes in pulmonary function after SO2 (p&lt;0.05), both SO2 responders and non-responders were represented in each medication category. Total symptom scores after exposure were significantly correlated with changes in FEV1 (p&lt;0.05), FVC (p&lt;0.05), and peak expiratory flow (PEF) (p&lt;0.01) but not forced expiratory flow between 25% and 75% vital capacity (FEF25-75). Plasma \u03b2-carotene concentrations were inversely associated with PEF values and ascorbate concentrations were inversely associated with FEV1 and FEV1/FVC (p=0.05 in all cases). High density lipoprotein concentrations were positively correlated with FEV1% of predicted (p&lt;0.05) and inversely correlated with change in FEF25-75 (p&lt;0.05) after SO2. Conclusion\u2014These results show that the response to SO2 among adults with mild to moderate asthma is very diverse. Severity of asthma defined by medication category was not a predictor of sensitivity to SO2. Lung function values were associated with \u03b2-carotene and ascorbate concentrations in plasma; however, plasma antioxidant nutrient concentrations were not associated with sensitivity to inhaled SO2.\n      </p>", "Asthma is an ongoing environmental justice concern in Roxbury, an urban neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. Residents, especially local youth, were the first to investigate the potential links between high asthma rates and air pollution, particularly from diesel buses and trucks. A youth-led march for clean air and community air monitoring projects drew governmental and media attention to these problems. In 1998, a collaboration of environmental justice, government, and research groups came together to develop a real-time air pollution monitoring system known as AirBeat. This community-based participatory research project was designed to answer community questions about whether there are pollution \"hot spots\" in Roxbury and the degree to which diesel emissions are contributing to health problems. AirBeat measures and reports levels of PM2.5 (particulate matter with a mass median aerodynamic diameter \u22642.5 \u03bcm), ozone, and black carbon on an hourly basis. These data are accessible via a website, telephone hotline, and a flag warning system. AirBeat is successful because community residents and organizations participate as equal partners with an equitable share of funding. The project also promotes a community sense of ownership and pride. Dozens of youth have developed leadership and scientific skills. The media have extensively covered the project as a community victory. The data support the claim that Dudley Square in Roxbury is a hot spot for air pollution. This information is now being used to advocate for alternative fuel transit buses and other clean air measures. Finally, this project has strengthened community partnerships with research and governmental institutions.\n      </p>", "The National Urban Air Toxics Research Center (NUATRC) hosted its first scientific workshop in 1994 that focused on possible relationships between air toxics and asthma. From that meeting came recommendations for future research including a need for more complete individual personal exposure assessments so that determinations of personal exposures to pollutants could be made. In the spring of 2001, NUATRC held a second such workshop to review progress made in this area during the intervening 7 years. Peer-reviewed articles from the workshop are published in this issue of Environmental Health Perspectives Supplements. As in 1994, academic, government, and industry scientists participated. Dave Guinnup of the Environmental Protection Agency discussed the nature of air toxics, their definition, and the basis for federal regulation. George Leikauf from the University of Cincinnati reviewed the 1994 workshop and subsequent research in this field. Current research funded by NUATRC that is addressing individual personal exposure was presented by Clifford Weisel (Environmental and Occupational Health Sciences Institute, University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey), Patrick Kinney (Columbia University) and Candis Claiborn (Washington State University). David Corry from Baylor College of Medicine highlighted new insights into asthma pathogenesis while Stephen Redd from the Centers for Disease Control presented an overview of asthma epidemiology as well as the societal costs of the disease. Mary White (Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry) discussed recent epidemiologic investigations by public health agencies into community concerns about asthma and hazardous air pollutants. David Peden (University of North Carolina) reviewed scientific studies into the links between asthma and air toxics as well as criteria air pollutants. In a session on occupational asthma, Lee Petsonk (National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health) discussed risk factors for work-related asthma, whereas Ralph Delfino (University of California, Irvine) addressed limitations of extrapolating from occupational asthma to asthma in the general population. These presentations were followed by panel discussions focusing on future research programs, both for NUATRC and similar research institutions. Recommendations for future research included improved assessments of personal exposure to air toxics as well as research focused on specific hazardous air pollutants. The latter recommendation was based on medical literature that suggests certain pollutants from the list of 188 air toxics are most likely to adversely affect respiratory health.\n      </p>", "This study compared the health-related quality of life (HRQL) of 236 children with mild or moderate/severe asthma with that of a large representative sample of children in the general community. The study also examined the relationship between the HRQL of children with asthma and their demographic characteristics, asthma severity and family functioning. Children with asthma had a significantly poorer HRQL than other children in the community. Amongst the children with asthma, parents reported that children living in single-parent families had poorer physical health, mental health and social functioning than children in two-parent families. There was a significant relationship between the mental health of children with asthma and family functioning but no significant relationship between their physical health and family functioning. These findings suggest that the domains comprising the HRQL of children with asthma are related to both disease and non-disease factors. A better understanding of these relationships will facilitate the development of new interventions to help children with asthma.\n      </p>", "Using data from 8,896 men and women aged 50-89 years from the Adverse Childhood Experiences Study who were free of a self-reported history of lung cancer or any cancer at baseline, we examined the association between self-reported asthma and incident lung cancer. The prevalence of smoking was 33% among those who developed lung cancer (n = 52) and 7% among those who did not. Asthma was reported by 17% of adults who developed lung cancer and by 9% of those who did not. After adjustment for age, gender, race/ethnicity, educational attainment, smoking status, number of cigarettes smoked per day, and growing up with a parent who smoked the risk of lung cancer was 2.1 (95% CI: 1.0, 4.4) times greater among adults with a history of asthma compared to those without. Among nonsmokers, a similar result was observed, although it did not attain statistical significance (RR: 2.1; 95% CI: 0.9, 5.1). Smoking-attributable lung cancer incidence and mortality are in part a function of the prevalence of smoking in the population. Thus, decreases in the prevalence of smoking in the United States that have occurred since its peak in the 1960s will inevitably result in a decline in the proportion of lung cancer in the population caused by smoking. We hope that our findings and those of others will stimulate research of the biologic mechanism(s) underlying the occurrence of lung cancer among nonsmokers so that possible treatments and prevention strategies may be developed.\n      </p>", "The Paediatric Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire contains 23 items that children with asthma have identified as troublesome in their daily lives. The aim was to evaluate the measurement properties of the questionnaire. The study design consisted of a 9 week single cohort study with assessments at 1, 5 and 9 weeks. Patients participating in the study were fifty-two children, 7-17 years of age, with a wide range of asthma severity. At each clinic visit, a trained interviewer administered the Paediatric Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire, the Feeling Thermometer, a clinical asthma control questionnaire and measured spirometry. For 1 week before each clinic visit, patients recorded morning peak flow rates, medication use and symptoms in a diary. The Paediatric Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire was able to detect quality of life changes in those patients who altered their health status either as a result of treatment or natural fluctuations in their asthma (p &lt; 0.001) and to differentiate these patients from those who remained stable (p &lt; 0.0001). It was reproducible in patients who were stable (ICC = 0.95), which also indicates the instrument's strength to discriminate between subjects of different impairment levels. The questionnaire showed good levels of both longitudinal and cross-sectional correlations with the conventional asthma indices and with general quality of life. The results were consistent across individual domains and different age strata. The Paediatric Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire has good measurement properties and is valid both as an evaluative and a discriminative instrument. It captures aspects of asthma most important to the patient and adds additional information to conventional clinical outcomes.\n      </p>", "To investigate the factors associated with asthma in school children, a case-control study of 203 asthmatic and 203 non-asthmatic children (103 males and 100 females in each group) aged 6 to 18 years, was organized during the period September 1992 to May 1993 in Al Ain city, United Arab Emirates. Cases comprised known asthmatic children who were regularly receiving medication for asthma and were confirmed as asthmatics by a physician. Cases and controls were matched by age and sex. A questionnaire was used to obtain information about respiratory illnesses (pneumonia, bronchitis, bronchiolitis, sinusitis and croup); atopy (allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis) and familial allergic diseases (parental asthma and atopy). Information about socioeconomic status and limitations to children as a result of asthma were also obtained. Logistic regression analysis showed that bronchitis, atopy (allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis), croup, parental asthma and parental atopic dermatitis were significant risk factors for childhood asthma after adjusting for other confounding covariates. The model also showed that parental asthma (p &lt; 0.0001) is much more influential than parental atopic dermatitis (p = 0.01) as a risk factor for asthma. Although pneumonia and sinusitis were significant risk factors when analyzed univariately, they were not significant after adjusting for other covariates. Bronchiolitis, smoking and socioeconomic status were beyond the reach of statistical significance as risk factors to asthma in our sample.\n      </p>", "In this study, we used both case-crossover and time-series analyses to assess the associations between size-fractionated particulate matter and asthma hospitalization among children 6-12 years old living in Toronto between 1981 and 1993. Specifically, we used exposures averaged over periods varying from 1 to 7 days to assess the effects of particulate matter on asthma hospitalization. We calculated estimates of the relative risk of asthma hospitalization adjusted for daily weather conditions (maximum and minimum temperatures, and average relative humidity) for an incremental exposure corresponding to the interquartile range in particulate matter. Both bidirectional case-crossover and time-series analyses revealed that coarse particulate matter ( PM10-2.5) averaged over 5-6 days was significantly associated with asthma hospitalization in both males and females. The magnitude of this effect appeared to increase with increasing number of days of exposure averaging for most models, with the relative risk estimates stabilizing at about 6 days. Using a bidirectional case-crossover analysis, the estimated relative risks were 1.14 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.02, 1.28] for males and 1.18 (95% CI, 1.02, 1.36) for females, for an increment of 8.4 \u03bc g/ m3 in 6-day averages of PM10-2.5. The corresponding relative risk estimates were 1.10 and 1.18, respectively, when we used time-series analysis. The effect of PM10-2.5 remained positive after adjustment for the effects of the gaseous pollutants carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen dioxide ( NO2), sulfur dioxide ( SO2), and ozone ( O3). We did not find significant effects of fine particulate matter ( PM2.5) or of thoracic particulate matter ( PM10) on asthma hospitalizations using either of these two analytic approaches. For the most part, relative risk estimates from the unidirectional case-crossover analysis were more pronounced compared with both bidirectional case-crossover and time-series analyses.\n      </p>", "The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of asthma, allergic rhinitis and their related symptoms in Istanbul and to investigate the effect of socioeconomic status on the prevalence of asthma and allergic rhinitis and whether there are differences between the prevalence of childhood asthma in the same and different regions as found in previous studies and our own. The study period was the 1996-1997 school year in three primary schools in Istanbul. For proportional representation of high, middle, and low socioeconomic levels, the schools were selected from three different regions of Istanbul. A translated version of the International Study of Asthma and Allergies in Childhood (ISAAC) was used. The questionnaire was distributed to the parents of 2600 students aged 6-15 years. All of the 2276 children whose parents responded were included in the survey. The overall cumulative and current prevalences of wheezing were 13.7 and 7.2% respectively and the overall cumulative prevalence of allergic rhinitis was 17.6%. There was no statistically significant difference between asthmatics and non-asthmatics by sex, socioeconomic status and passive smoking. Family history of atopy was found to be significantly higher in asthmatics. Although there are differences in the results of studies concerning the prevalence of asthma and allergic rhinitis not only between different countries but also between different regions of the same city, by using a standardized international method, the actual values may be obtained.\n      </p>", "Background: For high-risk children with asthma enrolled in Medicaid, loss of Medicaid coverage is a potential threat to access to quality asthma care. Objective: We sought to quantify the effect of gaps in enrollment on emergency department visits and hospitalizations for children with asthma in TennCare, Tennessee's managed care program for Medicaid-eligible and uninsured children. Methods: Children with asthma were identified from a research database of files maintained by the state. Gaps in enrollment in the state insurance program were measured between 1998 and 2002. Children with gaps were compared with children without gaps with respect to emergency department visits and hospitalizations for asthma, respiratory illnesses, croup, and other diagnoses. Results: Among children who met study definitions of asthma, 2373 experienced a gap in enrollment during the study period (10.4%). The rate of hospitalizations and emergency department visits for children with gaps (7402/10,000 person years) was significantly lower than the rate of study events for children with no gaps (9230/10,000 person years) (adjusted incidence rate ratio 0.88; 95% confidence interval 0.81-0.96). The rate of hospitalizations for asthma and other respiratory conditions was not different between the 2 groups; however, there was a significantly lower rate of hospitalizations for other reasons for children with gaps (adjusted incidence rate ratio 0.59; 95% confidence interval 0.41-0.86). Conclusions: Children with asthma who had gaps in a Medicaid managed care insurance program had no increase in asthma related emergency department visits and hospitalizations. Children who had gaps did have fewer nonrespiratory emergency department visits and hospitalizations than their nongap counterparts. Further study is needed to explore the reasons for this unexpected finding.\n      </p>", "Background: Disproportionate life stress and consequent physiologic alteration (i.e., immune dysregulation) has been proposed as a major pathway linking socioeconomic position, environmental exposures, and health disparities. Asthma, for example, disproportionately affects lower-income urban communities, where air pollution and social stressors may be elevated. Objectives: We aimed to examine the role of exposure to violence (ETV), as a chronic stressor, in altering susceptibility to traffic-related air pollution in asthma etiology. Methods: We developed geographic information systems (GIS)-based models to retrospectively estimate residential exposures to traffic-related pollution for 413 children in a community-based pregnancy cohort, recruited in East Boston, Massachusetts, between 1987 and 1993, using monthly nitrogen dioxide measurements for 13 sites over 18 years. We merged pollution estimates with questionnaire data on lifetime ETV and examined the effects of both on childhood asthma etiology. Results: Correcting for potential confounders, we found an elevated risk of asthma with a 1-SD (4.3 ppb) increase in NO2 exposure solely among children with above-median ETV [odds ratio (OR) = 1.63; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.14-2.33)]. Among children always living in the same community, with lesser exposure measurement error, this association was magnified (OR = 2.40; 95% CI, 1.48-3.88). Of multiple exposure periods, year-of-diagnosis NO2 was most predictive of asthma outcomes. Conclusions: We found an association between traffic-related air pollution and asthma solely among urban children exposed to violence. Future studies should consider socially patterned susceptibility, common spatial distributions of social and physical environmental factors, and potential synergies among these. Prospective assessment of physical and social exposures may help determine causal pathways and critical exposure periods.\n      </p>", "The aim was to review the development of in vivo models of asthma due to low molecular weight chemicals, in particular, those aspects that may be important to the understanding of occupational asthma in humans.\n      </p>", "One method of defining clinically meaningful changes in quality of life domain scores is 'anchoring', that is, relating changes in domain scores to more easily understood changes on a global question. Although this methodology has been used to assess changes in domain scores in clinical trials, the choice of global question has not undergone much scrutiny. This study examines the impact of two global questions on the definition of clinically meaningful changes in an asthma specific quality of life (ASQOL) questionnaire. We tracked 343 patients with mild to moderate asthma symptoms in a placebo controlled clinical trial. The patients responded to the ASQOL questionnaire, and answered two global questions; one assessing how well their asthma is controlled, and the other assessing the change in their asthma since the start of the study. Changes in each domain of the ASQOL questionnaire were related to each global question. Since each global question led to different definitions of what constituted meaningful change, we concluded that the wording of the global question can affect the definition of meaningful change in the ASQOL domain scores. Thus, when identifying meaningful changes, it is important to state the global question so that the context of the meaningful change is correctly understood.\n      </p>"], "words": {"mexico": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chinese": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "lack": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "underlying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disease,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suffer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ground": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asthma": {"number": 46, "prob": 0.00038093818449830025}, "northern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "justice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "symptoms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "only": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "treatment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sensitized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "decades": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mortality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increased": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "induce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arab": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "department": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "background": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "condition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "several": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "population": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "states,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "these": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "either": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "further": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "domain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "humans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discover": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rhinitis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "aim": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "our": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "questionnaire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevalence": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "event": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concern": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "living": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "toxic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 33, "prob": 0.0002732817410531285}, "for": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "factors": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cell": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "emerged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "new": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occupational": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increasing": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "evaluation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "biology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measures": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "patient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "understanding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paediatric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypothesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "climate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "last": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "persons": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "study": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studies": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "childhood": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "chronic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "appropriate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "least": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morbidity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "risk": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "city": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "exposure": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "african": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "there": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "due": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "diseases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "low": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "molecular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "allergic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "urban": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "life": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "onset": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "on": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "delivery": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "adult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morbidity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "those": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "challenge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "air": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "particular,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 60, "prob": 0.0004968758928238699}, "growing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcome": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "similar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "could": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clear": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exposures": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "illness": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "played": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "states": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "case": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "have": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "aged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "any": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "swedish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cohort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "severity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "self": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "high": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "subjects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "u": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevalence,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "asthma,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "used": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "may": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epidemiologic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collaboration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "derived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "whether": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "massachusetts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "the": {"number": 68, "prob": 0.0005631260118670525}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "a": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "in": {"number": 40, "prob": 0.0003312505952159133}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "we": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "or": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "components": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decreasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pollution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}