{"total_words": 1468, "documents": ["We explore the theoretical foundations of value creation in e-business by examining how 59 American and European e-businesses that have recently become publicly traded corporations create value. We observe that in e-business new value can be created by the ways in which transactions are enabled. Grounded in the rich data obtained from case study analyses and in the received theory in entrepreneurship and strategic management, we develop a model of the sources of value creation. The model suggests that the value creation potential of e-businesses hinges on four interdependent dimensions, namely: efficiency, complementarities, lock-in, and novelty. Our findings suggest that no single entrepreneurship or strategic management theory can fully explain the value creation potential of e-business. Rather, an integration of the received theoretical perspectives on value creation is needed. To enable such an integration, we offer the business model construct as a unit of analysis for future research on value creation in e-business. A business model depicts the design of transaction content, structure, and governance so as to create value through the exploitation of business opportunities. We propose that a firm's business model is an important locus of innovation and a crucial source of value creation for the firm and its suppliers, partners, and customers.\n      </p>", "Using confidential microdata from the U. S. Census Bureau, we investigate the performance of female-owned businesses, making comparisons to male-owned businesses. Using regression estimates and a decomposition technique, we explore the role that human capital, especially through prior work experience, and financial capital play in contributing to why female-owned businesses have lower survival rates, profits, employment, and sales. We find that female-owned businesses are less successful than male-owned businesses because they have less startup capital, less business human capital acquired through prior work experience in a similar business, and less prior work experience in a family business. We also find some evidence that female business owners work fewer hours and may have different preferences for the goals of their businesses, which may have implications for business outcomes.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to identify general characteristics attributed to ethical business cultures by executives from a variety of industries. Our research identified five clusters of characteristics: Missionand Values-Driven, Stakeholder Balance, Leadership Effectiveness, Process Integrity, and Long-term Perspective. We propose that these characteristics be used as a foundation of a comprehensive model that can be engaged to influence operational practices in creating and sustaining an ethical business culture.\n      </p>", "Rumelt's (1991) widely cited paper presents estimates of the relative influence of industry, corporate, business unit, and other influences on business unit profitability. He finds corporations explain almost none of the variability in business unit profitability. Using a simultaneous equation model, we provide alternative estimates of the influence of industry and corporation on business unit performance. We find that both corporations and industries influence business unit profitability but corporations have the larger influence.\n      </p>", "Business tensions were investigated for farm couples. Wives reported higher tension in four out of seven business tensions. Profit was the highest priority for husbands, whereas wives identified good family relationships as the highest priority. Transferring family financial resources to the business and having preschool children was associated with increased tensions for both wives and husbands. For husbands only, experiencing more stressful life events and indicating high importance for keeping the business within the family was associated with increased tensions. For both spouses, having the husband place family over business in priority, having a high level of functional integrity in the family system, and having a wife who was satisfied with her role in the business was associated with decreased tensions.\n      </p>", "An important debate has recently developed around the significance of business clusters for the development of the economy. This paper assesses the extent to which concentrated clusters of businesses exist in Britain, using the fine spatial mesh of postcode districts. It identifies the major clusters using a development of the methodology to define local labour market areas. The paper demonstrates the high degree of localization and uneven development of businesses in Britain. It also shows that business service firms are even more highly localized and clustered than other businesses. Moreover, the larger the business centre, the more localized and clustered the firms. The pattern suggests that there is a strong influence of increasing returns of scale, and that, as well as local clusters, much of the British economy is covered by one metacluster. Implications from these results are drawn for the likely future development of the economy, the location of business service suppliers in order to develop their market coverage, and local economic development policy.\n      </p>", "E-business is rapidly spreading in service industries. Firms that adopt this innovative way to sell or deliver services and manage customer relationships must make technological and strategic changes. Firms in the same industry adopt e-business at different rates. Why do some firms actively implement e-business, and others take a more cautious attitude? Drawing on several research streams (innovation adoption research, institutional theory, strategic orientation theory, and upper-echelon theory), this article proposes a multi-level model to explain e-business adoption by service firms. The model was empirically tested using survey and interview data from travel agencies in Taiwan. External competitive pressure, innovation orientation, financial slack, and IT resources were found to be associated with two measures of e-business adoption. CEO risk-taking propensity and firm size also had an interaction effect on e-business adoption. Interviews with CEOs indicate that most travel agencies in Taiwan are not yet ready to apply mobile technologies in their daily business. The slow progress of mobile e-business was largely attributed to the limited capacity of mobile devices and the misfit between travel product characteristics, consumer behavior, and current mobile solutions.\n      </p>", "Security and integrity are crucial success factors in electronic commerce. This paper offers a framework that includes the security and integrity requirements of business processes in business-process execution. An important part of the framework is the modeling and refinement of security and integrity requirements. High-level security requirements of business processes are viewed from five different perspectives. The tasks involved in the different perspectives are described, and the modeling of security requirements is outlined by focusing on the example of the legal binding of contracts.\n      </p>", "This article argues that in the past 25 years Mexican pro-business networks gradually engaged, mobilised and strengthened a large number of business associations, charitable, religious and right-wing political institutions, conservative and libertarian intellectuals and leaders in order to advance a market reform agenda and change the bases of political support. It follows how the agenda is constructed and transformed throughout the period and gauges the extent to which pro-business networks are successful in the objectives pursued.\n      </p>", "The present study expands the systematic measurement of consumers' sentiments towards business ethical practices to the international arena. Data for the Business Ethics Index (BEI) were gathered in three countries of the European Union (UK, Germany, Spain). The Germans were the most pessimistic while the British were the most optimistic about the future ethical behaviour of businesses.\n      </p>", "Business codes are an oft-cited management instrument. But how common are codes among multinationals? And what is their content? In an unprecedented study, the codes of the largest corporations in the world have been collected and thoroughly analyzed. This paper presents the results of that study. Of the two hundred largest companies in the world, 52.5% have a code. More than half of these codes describe company responsibilities regarding quality of products and services (67%), adherence to local laws and regulations (57%) and the protection of the natural environment (56%). Many codes make reference to principles governing stakeholder relations (e.g. transparency (55%), honesty (50%) and fairness (45%), corporate core values (e.g. teamwork (43%)), appropriate conduct among employees (e.g. discrimination (44%) and intimidation (43%)) and treatment of company property by employees (e.g. conflict of interests (52%), corruption (46%) and fraud (45%)). Monitoring compliance with the code is addressed in 52% of the codes. Based on this content study, three types of codes are distinguished: the stakeholder statute (72%), the values statement (49%) and the code of conduct (46%). The results of this inquiry present a benchmark for the evaluation and development of both individual and international business codes.\n      </p>", "This paper analyzes business cycle characteristics for a sample of eleven European, Middle East, and North African (MENA) economies in the Mediterranean region. Our frequency domain approach allows for the estimation of time-dependent spectral measures for different ranges of potential cycle length. To address the issue of synchronization, we decompose the variance for different frequency bands into an explained and an unexplained part and distinguish between in-phase and out-of-phase movements. By plotting our measures against time, we analyze changes in the similarity of the business cycle structure, as well as changes in comovement. We find (1) differences of business cycles across, and (2) changes of comovement over, the observation period between the European economies, on one hand, and the MENA economies, on the other.\n      </p>", "Over the last 20 years, strategy scholars have explored the relative influence of industry and corporate effects on business segment performance. The present research acknowledges the inherent multilevel, cross-classified nature of the data and demonstrates that results are not robust to statistical method. Using 1995-99 data from 'operating segments,' the multilevel analysis presented in this article found that (1) business segment effects explain twice as much variance in business segment performance as do corporate effects, (2) corporate effects explain almost four times more variance in business segment performance than industry effects, and (3) segments explain almost eight times more variation than industry effects. Methodologically, multilevel analysis offers statistical advantages over variance components analysis, nested ANOVA, and two-stage least squares. More importantly, the method provides a means for modeling relationships between the industry, corporation, and business segments, thereby moving beyond the descriptive nature of explained variance.\n      </p>", "Persuaded by the observed positive link between the flow of appropriately skilled and trained female talent and female presence at the upper echelons of management (Plitch, Dow Jones Newswire February 9, 2005), this study has examined current trends on women's uptake of graduate and executive education programs in the world's top 100 business schools and explored the extent to which these business schools promote female studentship and career advancement. It contributes by providing pioneering research insight, albeit at an exploratory level, into the emerging best practice on this important aspect of business school behavior, an area which is bound to become increasingly appreciated as more global economic actors wise up to the significant diseconomies inherent in the under-utilization of female talent, particularly in the developing world. Among the study's main findings are that female graduate students averaged 30% in the sample business schools, a figure not achieved by a majority of the elite schools, including some of the highest ranked. Only 10% of these business schools have a specialist center for developing women business leaders, and only a third offered women-focused programs or executive education courses, including flextime options. A higher, and increasing, percentage of business schools, however, reported offering fellowships, scholarships or bursaries to prospective female students, and having affiliations with pro-women external organizations and networks that typically facilitate career-promoting on-campus events and activities. The implications of the foregoing are discussed, replete with a call on key stakeholder groups to more actively embrace the challenge of improving the supply of appropriately trained female talent, or top management prospects. Future research ideas are also suggested.\n      </p>", "Business process models are designed in isolation but must be applied in real organizational and business situations. A key management concern is how to identify the nonprocess factors that allow a business process to achieve maximum performance. In this paper, we demonstrate the application of the KNOVA (KNOwledge Value-Added) technique to the problem of making visible the hitherto intangible people, culture, and knowledge factors that can easily influence the success or failure of a business process. We illustrate its application to the processes of a diagnostic team within a department of a large hospital. Two benefits ensue: (1) the articulation of a common understanding of the factors that affect team performance and, (2) the pinpointing of resource investment to maintain performance and reduce risk or cost.\n      </p>", "The factors leading to variations in e-business use among U.S. firms are identified. Building on diffusion of innovation theory, an integrated model is developed that explains the relative influence of eight known determinants. Diversity and volume of e-business use are empirically investigated using a sample of 294 firms. The analysis demonstrates that (1) considering the diversity of e-business use, pressure from trading partners is the most important driver, (2) when e-business volume is investigated, government pressure emerges as the strongest factor, (3) government promotion may not have much effect on the diversity of e-business use by private companies, but does significantly influence the volume of e-business use by firms doing business with the government, and (4) the United States has a positive regulatory environment for supporting e-business. Taken together, these findings on the multidimensionality of e-business use show that diversity and volume are not only different measures of e-business use, but also have different determinants. The integrated model provides a more comprehensive explanation of e-business use and could serve as a foundation for future research on interorganizational systems.\n      </p>", "Electronic integration\u2014the use of information technology to reengineer key business processes and business relations\u2014enables new forms of organization that transcend traditional industry and firm boundaries. Indeed, electronic integration strategies alter the fundamental structure of both firms as well as their environments, requiring a shift in the study of organizations from the level of a focal firm to that of the business network. The business network represents the pattern of interdependent relationships between the activities of a given firm and those of other firms in its competitive environment that influence each other's strategies. We analyze here the effects of electronic integration on organization structure and competitive processes at the level of the business network. We propose the roles-linkage perspective as a useful abstraction to characterize the business network and guide research on the effects of information technology on industry structures. Building and analyzing the effects of electronic filing on the tax preparation market, we build a preliminary model of how electronic integration strategies alter roles and linkages in a business network. The contributions of this article are a provisional theory of electronic integration at the level of the network, and an abstraction mechanism to characterize and study business networks.\n      </p>", "AS groupwork gains recognition, emerging group support technologies raise questions about the merits of these systems relative to group performance and return on investment. Business case variables of efficiency, quality, effectiveness, customer satisfaction and decision making are useful in measuring the potential contribution that group support technologies offer. This paper presents findings from a recent field study that used business case concepts as its design approach. The paper explores the infrastructure development requirements for building a business case study. Such a framework is useful to business decision makers and researchers interested in the deployment of these technologies in complex business environments.\n      </p>", "In a widely cited paper, Rumelt (1991) presents estimates of the relative influence of corporate, business unit, and other influences on business unit profitability and finds the corporation explains almost none of the variability in business unit profitability. Using a Monte Carlo simulation, we examine the relation of variance component magnitudes to other indicators of the importance of a particular effect. Our results demonstrate that variance components can be an extremely nonlinear indicator of importance. We also question whether Rumelt's corporate effect represents the possible contributions of corporate strategy to business unit performance. This addresses a puzzle raised by Rumelt (1991) concerning the small effect of corporations in explaining performance, and suggests that Rumelt's findings should not be seen as demonstrating the insignificance of corporate strategy.\n      </p>", "Which business practices set successful firms apart from others? We address this question using data from an official survey of almost 3000 New Zealand firms. Questions cover: leadership, planning practices, customer and supplier focus, employee practices, quality and process monitoring, benchmarking, community and social responsibility, innovation, IT use, business structure and the competitive environment. Some of these are internal practices reflecting a firm's resources and capabilities; some are characteristics of the external environment. We find that capital investment choices, R&amp;D practices, market research and a range of employee practices are positively associated with firm success; industry structure is also a key determinant of success. The association between specific business practices and firm success is mostly independent of firm size, age and industrial sector, other than for export marketing.\n      </p>", "We explore the availability and use of data (primary and secondary) in the field of business ethics research. Specifically, we examine an international sample of doctoral dissertations since 1998, categorizing research topics, data collection, and availability of data. Findings suggest that use of only primary data pervades the discipline, despite strong methodological reasons to augment business ethics research with secondary data.\n      </p>", "In exploring corporate perceptions of the business case for supplier diversity (SD), this paper reports on a cross-national study of large purchasing organisations (LPOs) that had introduced, or were in the process of introducing, purchasing initiatives aimed at ethnic minority businesses (EMBs). The research investigates how LPOs portray the benefits of this form of socially responsible purchasing and suggests a business case construct based on four component elements. It also highlights a number of contextual factors that appear to have shaped business case rationales. The paper concludes with a discussion of issues of cost and contingent influences affecting SD programmes and points to possible areas for future research.\n      </p>", "The way that multinational businesses in integrated global industries coordinate and control R&amp;D, manufacturing, and marketing functions across borders has significant implications for performance. We propose that, in such global industries, certain integrating modes will be more effective than others in integrating a function globally. We show that each function has a different combination of effective integrating modes. For global R&amp;D integration, people-based and information-based modes are more effective than formalization-based and centralization-based modes. For manufacturing, people, information, and formalization are more effective than centralization. With of respect to marketing, information and centralization are more effective than people and formalization. We also demonstrate that the co-alignment between actual and ideal profiles (configurations or patterns) of integrating modes results in superior performance. Our results reveal that people-based and information-based modes are generally more effective than formalization-based and centralization-based modes in coordinating and controlling business functions worldwide.\n      </p>", "This paper uses grounded theory to explore internal (intrafirm) conflicts in the formulation of business-government strategies by corporations with diversified business units. We find that three types of conflict exist within firms: conflict over proactive policy positions advocated by the firm (prepolicy issues), conflict over reactive internal distribution of compliance costs/benefits (postpolicy issues), and representational conflict (e.g., individual business units vs. corporate representation in the external public policy arena). We also develop a grounded framework for organizational structures for conflict resolution in the strategic management of government relations, based upon our case studies, and find a relationship between particular structures and the degree of diversification.\n      </p>", "Using 4-year data (1990, 1994, 1998, and 2002), we have provided a ranking of schools with international business (IB) orientation based on the membership of editorial boards of 30 leading international business journals. Participation on the editorial boards of quality journals is highly selective, and should provide a quality indication of the schools. Both quality-unadjusted and adjusted board membership-based ranking are calculated in this study. Several interesting findings are worth noting. First, US schools play a significant leadership role among the leading IB programs. Second, the findings of this study also show the major contribution of non-US schools, which confirms the importance of the global nature of the IB discipline. Third, the top-ranked schools share a number of characteristics. Finally, the correlation among different ranking criteria can be low, particularly for the top-ranked schools, suggesting that care should be exercised in interpreting school ranking.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the gap between expectation and realization among a group of small Australian firms that engaged in small business Internet commerce (SBIC) over a 20-month period. Essentially, small firms on-line believed that the Internet is important in terms of competitiveness, although some of their early expectations about the ability of SBIC to generate instant competitive advantage had began to wane. The most useful effects of the Internet were in information gathering and time savings, but results in advertising and sales were less encouraging. Internet marketing effectiveness was found to be industry-sector-dependent.\n      </p>", "Business process reengineering (BPR) projects have been carried out for many years, with varying degrees of success. Two key reasons for failure are distinguished from the literature: insufficient stakeholder involvement and poor analyses of the business processes. The purpose of this paper is to present a decade of field experiences with collaborative BPR. Nine BPR projects were executed and analyzed in detail, leading to the identification of 87 themes regarding the efficiency and effectiveness of the project. These themes were organized into 12 categories of lessons learned that provide insight into the \"best practices\" and together informed the evolution of the collaborative business engineering (CBE) approach to BPR. The CBE approach combines a BPR process with collaboration and simulation modeling support to address the above-mentioned reasons for failure in BPR. The field experiences show that the CBE approach can be successfully applied for BPR projects in real life.\n      </p>", "Despite the importance to researchers, managers, and policy makers of how information technology (IT) contributes to organizational performance, there is uncertainty and debate about what we know and don't know. A review of the literature reveals that studies examining the association between information technology and organizational performance are divergent in how they conceptualize key constructs and their interrelationships. We develop a model of IT business value based on the resource-based view of the firm that integrates the various strands of research into a single framework. We apply the integrative model to synthesize what is known about IT business value and guide future research by developing propositions and suggesting a research agenda. A principal finding is that IT is valuable, but the extent and dimensions are dependent upon internal and external factors, including complementary organizational resources of the firm and its trading partners, as well as the competitive and macro environment. Our analysis provides a blueprint to guide future research and facilitate knowledge accumulation and creation concerning the organizational performance impacts of information technology.\n      </p>", "This paper describes a study that assesses the performance implications of matching marketing strategy to business strategy. In order to conduct this study we first reviewed the literature on marketing strategy to identify its key dimensions. We then conducted a survey of 1000 senior marketing executives about the strategic marketing practices adopted in their respective firms or business units, and developed scales to describe 11 strategic marketing activities. We next performed a K-means cluster analysis using these scales to develop a taxonomy of marketing strategy types consisting of: Aggressive Marketers, Mass Marketers, Marketing Minimizers, and Value Marketers. We then observed that superior performance at the firm or SBU level was achieved when specific marketing strategy types were matched with appropriate Miles and Snow (1978) business strategy types.\n      </p>", "In an era of downsizing and disposable ethics, there is a need to redefine the role of business in society. Central to such a discussion is the frame of reference of the entrepreneur. A traditional business model defines entrepreneurship based on endowing resources with new wealth producing capabilities. This paper defines entrepreneurship as a calling to endow resources with new value. In support of the impact such a distinction would have on repositioning the role of business in society, the paper weaves together writings from the Pope, Drucker, and Lonergan, with emphasis on applying Lonergan's discussion of bias to the discussion of ethics in business. Adapting the term, \"lifesizing\", which was coined by the author in a previous article, to entrepreneurship, the paper takes the position that lifesized entrepreneurship can act as a catalyst similar to Lonergan's cosmopolis and play a key role in countering bias and repositioning the role of business in society.\n      </p>", "Using farm-level panel data from recent U.S. Agricultural Censuses, this study examines how direct government payments influence the survival of farm businesses, paying particular attention to the differential effect of payments across farm-size categories. A Cox proportional hazards model is used to estimate the effect of government payments on the instantaneous probability of a farm business failure, controlling for farm and operator characteristics. Results indicate that an increase in government payments has a small but statistically significant negative effect on the rate of business failure, and the magnitude of this effect increases with farm size.\n      </p>", "International business travel is now an omnipresent feature of working life for many millions of people around the globe. Whatever the organizational reason, it is now the likelihood that many individuals are engaged in undertaking work outside of the formal workplace in an irregular pattern which has become an almost ordinary aspect of their working-life. Such is the magnitude of international business travel that it is now highly significant for bringing multi-million dollar expenditure to countries and the global airline and hotel sectors, and supporting an international business travel management industry. Yet, surprisingly, little has been written on the agency of international business travel, beyond vignettes of the organizational requirement for physical proximity. In this introduction (and special issue) we consider what further academic analyses of business travel must do to extend knowledge and understanding of the growth and use of travel in the twenty-first century. The article is in five parts. First, we consider the function of international business travel in firms as part of strategies to tie-together spatially distributed subsidiaries. Second, we unpack the modes and spaces of business travel. Third, we discuss the impacts of business travel on both the traveller, but also the environment. Fourth, we introduce the major arguments and contributions of the four articles in this special issue. Finally, we identify future research agendas that should develop existing theory and understanding of the compulsion for international business travel.\n      </p>", "This paper examines business cycle characteristics of Mediterranean countries using a set of macroeconomic aggregates (GDP and demand components, money, and prices) for fifteen Mediterranean countries over the 1960\u20132000 period. We analyze the main properties of business cycle fluctuations (persistence, volatility, asymmetry, and synchronization) and suggest that there are various regularities in the characteristics of business cycles of countries that are similar in their stage of development and/or geographical contiguity. Moreover, we investigate if comovements in aggregate time series are robust; that is, if they are common to various countries belonging to different economic levels of development, but that are geographically contiguous and with economic and historical linkages. We find similarities in terms of comovements and periodicity with respect to the GDP for consumption and investment among the aggregate demand components and, to a lesser degree, the price level and the inflation rate. On the other hand, differences among developed and developing countries of the Mediterranean region emerge, as both trade balance and policy variables are procyclical in many developing countries. Such findings may reflect the characteristics of policy making in developing countries and those countries' dependence on world demand in international trade.\n      </p>", "Keywords chronicle and capture cultural change by creating common categories of meaning against diverse local usages. We call this the global-local tension. To test competing theories of this tension, we employ frame analysis of more than 500 journal abstracts over a 25-year period, tracking the spread of business model as an economic keyword generated during unsettled economic times. Analyses reveal the simultaneous adoption of \"global\" and \"local\" frames without one supplanting or co-opting the other. The global-local tension is conciliated by providing primacy across communities of discourse to a small collection of frames (i.e., the global presence) while maintaining a plurality of local use within communities (i.e., the local alternative).\n      </p>", "Senior executives continue to be concerned about factors influencing the business effect of information technology (IT). Prior research has argued that business-IT strategic alignment facilit\u00e2tes business effect of IT and that contextual factors affect business-IT alignment. However, the role of knowledge considerations in the relationship between contextual factors and alignment, and the role of IT projeets in the relationship between alignment and business effects of IT, have not been explicitly examined. Therefore, this paper pursues the following two research questions: (1) Based on knowledge considerations, how do planning behaviors (speeifieally, IT managers' participation in business planning and business managers' participation in IT planning) and top management knowledge of IT mediate the effects of two eontextual factors\u2014organizational emphasis on knowledge management and centralization of IT decisions\u2014on business-IT strategic alignment? (2) How do aspects of IT projeets (specifically, quality of IT project planning and implementation problems in IT projeets) mediate the relationship between business-IT strategic alignment and business effeets of IT? Results from a survey of 274 senior information officers indicate that organizational emphasis on knowledge management and centralization of IT decisions affect top managers' knowledge of IT, which facilitates business managers' participation in strategic IT planning and IT managers' participation in business planning, and both of these planning behaviors affect business-IT strategic alignment. Moreover, the results indicate that quality of IT project planning and implementation problems in IT projeets mediate the relationship between business-IT strategic alignment and business effect of IT. These findings highlight the importance of considering the planning and implementation of IT projeets when examining the effeets of business-IT strategic alignment, and highlight the importance of considering shared domain knowledge (i. e., top managers' knowledge of IT) and planning behaviors when examining the effeets of eontextual factors on business-IT strategic alignment. Managers can use th\u00e8se results to develop more comprehensive action plans for achieving greater business-IT strategic alignment, and for translating alignment into enhanced IT effeets on business performance.\n      </p>", "Designing relationships among business units is of growing competitive relevance. Business networking is largely enabled by the interorganizational information systems (IOS) that have evolved since the 1960s. However, many companies initially invested in enterprise resource planning systems (ERP) and have only recently begun to complement these systems with networking capabilities. The developmental path toward IOS is referred to here as business networking systems (BNS). The major challenges for such systems are described, along with the main types of systems and the criteria for characterizing them. Three case studies identify techniques and lessons learned in designing business networking systems. Methodologies for BNS projects should treat these lessons as integral elements that sustain adoption and business orientation.\n      </p>", "This research aims at improving our understanding of the concept of business competence of information technology professionals and at exploring the contribution of this competence to the development of partnerships between IT professionals and their business clients. Business competence focuses on the areas of knowledge that are not specifically IT-related. At a broad level, it comprises the organization-specific knowledge and the interpersonal and management knowledge possessed by IT professionals. Each of these categories is in turn inclusive of more specific areas of knowledge. Organizational overview, organizational unit, organizational responsibility, and IT-business integration form the organization-specific knowledge, while interpersonal communication, leadership, and knowledge networking form the interpersonal and management knowledge. Such competence is hypothesized to be instrumental in increasing the intentions of IT professionals to develop and strengthen the relationship with their clients. The first step in the study was to develop a scale to measure business competence of IT professionals. The scale was validated, and then used to test the model that relates competence to intentions to form IT-business partnerships. The results support the suggested structure for business competence and indicate that business competence significantly influences the intentions of IT professionals to develop partnerships with their business clients.\n      </p>", "The continuously growing importance of information technology (IT) requires organizations to integrate IT decisions with their common planning and decision-making processes at all organizational levels. Trying to align distinct and separate business with IT management cycles is just not enough. Multilevel, integrated business and IT management are aimed at fully integrating the capabilities of IT with business strategies and management's expectations, and vice versa. Although the need to integrate business and IT strategy has long been advocated, until now a practical framework did not exist. We seek to contribute to the discipline of IT value management. Our framework includes the planning of and setting goals for IT, and the evaluation of results, integrated with the business context. First approaches to IT planning and evaluation, and their limitations, are discussed. We then elaborate on the concepts of the Balanced Business Scorecard in two case studies. By investigating the benefits and limitations of the framework, and comparing them with other common frameworks, we conclude that the Balanced Business Scorecard can be a valuable contributor to implementation of an integrated business and IT planning and evaluation process.\n      </p>", "Many organizations have undertaken major business process change (BPC) initiatives over the past ten years. Earlier thinking on this topic indicated a significant role for information technology in these initiatives, while more recently the importance of change management has been emphasized. This paper examines a model that proposes various antecedents to successfiil BPC. Three case studies with varying degrees of BPC project success are described in the context of this model, with the specific goal of determining facilitators and inhibitors to the success of these change efforts. The results indicate that the successful project tended to have facilitators in all dimensions of the framework, including the change environment, process management, and change management. The least successfiil project exhibited inhibitors primarily in the area of cultural readiness and change management.\n      </p>", "Grounded in the technology-organization-environment (TOE) framework, we develop a research model for assessing the value of e-business at the firm level. Based on this framework, we formulate six hypotheses and identify six factors (technology readiness, firm size, global scope, financial resources, competition intensity, and regulatory environment) that may affect value creation of e-business. Survey data from 612 firms across 10 countries in the financial services industry were collected and used to test the theoretical model. To examine how e-business value is influenced by economic environments, we compare two subsamples from developed and developing countries. Based on structural equation modeling, our empirical analysis demonstrates several key findings: (1) Within the TOE framework, technology readiness emerges as the strongest factor for e-business value, while financial resources, global scope, and regulatory environment also significantly contribute to e-business value. (2) Firm size is negatively related to e-business value, suggesting that structural inertia associated with large firms tends to retard e-business value. (3) Competitive pressure often drives firms to adopt e-business, but e-business value is associated more with internal organizational resources (e.g., technological readiness) than with external pressure to adopt. (4) While financial resources are an important factor in developing countries, technological capabilities become far more important in developed countries. This suggests that as firms move into deeper stages of e-business transformation, the key determinant of e-business value shifts from monetary spending to higher dimensions of organizational capabilities. (5) Government regulation plays a much more important role in developing countries than in developed countries. These findings indicate the usefulness of the proposed research model and theoretical framework for studying e-business value. They also provide insights for both business managers and policy-makers.\n      </p>", "During the last several decades, business schools have increasingly portrayed themselves as the advocates and teachers of business ethics. In this context, educators have examined, criticized, and written about the questionable actions of many organizations. Business schools are, however, currently facing their own unprecedented crisis in the form of dramatically declining enrollments. This paper examines the morality of the various possible response strategies and argues that how business schools respond to this crisis will serve as a clear indication of their own organizational ethics and values.\n      </p>", "This paper reassesses the domain of the business ethics curriculum and, drawing on recent shifts in the business environment, maps out some suggestions for extending the core ground of the discipline. It starts by assessing the key elements of the dominant English-language business ethics textbooks and identifying the domain as reflected by those publications as 'where the law ends' and 'beyond the legal minimum'. Based on this, the paper identifies potential gaps and new areas for the discipline by drawing on four main aspects. First, it argues that the domain of business ethics requires extensions dependent on the particular geographic region where the subject is taught. A second factor for broadening the scope is the impact of recent scandals, which arguably direct the focus of ethical inquiry towards the nature of the business systems in which individuals and corporations operate. Third, the impact of globalization and its result on growing corporate involvement in regulatory processes is discussed. Fourth and finally, business ethics reaches beyond the traditional constituencies of 'economic stakeholders' as new actors from civil society enter the stage of ethical decision making in business. We conclude by suggesting that a reconsideration of the domain of business ethics, especially in Europe, is timely, but that to do so represents a major challenge to business ethics educators.\n      </p>", "This study examines the roles of firm characteristics and environmental factors in the formation of interfirm alliances. Specifically, we examine the dual role of these groups of factors as inducements and opportunities for Chinese high-technology new ventures (HTNVs) in their adoption of agency business activity, a downstream type of alliance involving marketing and distribution of the products of foreign firms. Results suggest that both internal and external factors are related to the adoption of agency business activity but the inducement and opportunity value of environmental uncertainty may be dampened by institutional support provided to HTNVs. Further, we find that successful agency business activity is positively related to new venture performance but negatively related to its product innovation efforts. Theoretical and managerial implications are discussed.\n      </p>", "We find that small business credit scoring (SBCS) is associated with expanded quantities, higher average prices, and greater average risk levels for small business credits under $100,000, after controlling for bank size and other differences across banks. We also find that: (1) bank-specific and industry learning curves are important; (2) SBCS effects differ for banks that adhere to \"rules\" versus \"discretion\" in using the technology; and (3) SBCS effects differ for larger credits. The data do not support two alternative explanations of the main results under which the findings primarily represent statistical artifacts, rather than significant changes in lending behavior.\n      </p>", "The recent corporate scandals in the United States have caused a renewed interest and focus on teaching business ethics. Business schools and their faculties are reexamining the teaching of business ethics and are reassessing their responsibilities to produce honest and truthful managers who live lives of integrity and ethical accountability. The authors recognize that no agreement exists among business schools and their faculties regarding what should be the content and pedagogy of a course in business ethics. However, the authors hold that regardless of one's biases regarding the content and pedagogy, the effective teaching of business ethics requires that the instructor in designing and delivering a business ethics course needs to focus particular attention on four principal questions: (1) what are the objectives or targeted learning outcomes of the course? (2) what kind of learning environment should be created? (3) what learning processes need to be employed to achieve the goals? and (4) what are the roles of the participants in the learning experience? The answers to these questions provide the foundations for any business ethics course. The answers are major determinants of the impact of a business ethics course on the thinking of students and the views on the ethical and professional accountabilities and responsibilities of managers in the workplace.\n      </p>", "Globalization has affected business cycle developments in OECD countries and has increased activities of firms across national borders. This paper analyzes whether these two developments are linked. We use a new firm-level data set on the foreign activities of German firms to test whether foreign activities are affected by business cycle developments. We aggregate the data by the sector of the reporting firm, the sector of the foreign affiliate, and the host country. Data are annual and cover the period 1989-2002. We find that German outward FDI increases in response to positive cyclical developments abroad and in response to a real depreciation of the domestic currency.\n      </p>", "Notwithstanding their remarkable recent growth, surprisingly little research has hitherto been conducted on the evolving geography of professional and business services in Britain. This paper analyses the results of a detailed survey of 300 small and medium-sized management and engineering consultancies, in investigating the forces underpinning both the striking clustering of such firms in central London and their growth in decentralized locations of East Anglia and South West England. Particular attention is paid to the notion of clustering, the role of demand-side influences, localized 'collective learning' processes, and increasing globalization in clustering, and to so-called 'enterprising behaviour theory' in explaining decentralization.\n      </p>", "Business ethics is once again a hot topic as examples of improper business practices that violate commonly accepted ethical norms are brought to our attention. With the increasing number of scandals business schools find themselves on the defensive in explaining what they are doing to help respond to the call to teach \"more\" business ethics. This paper focuses on two issues germane to business ethics teaching efforts: the \"targeted output\" goals of teaching business ethics and when in the curriculum business ethics should be taught.\n      </p>", "The authors explore how urban versus rural community location shapes the extent to which various individual, relational, and structural factors affect the gender gap in small business success. Building on previous research on gender and small business success, gender queuing theories, and gendered organization/institution theories, they develop a place-specific theory of the gender gap in small business success. The findings, based on small business data collected in urban and rural Iowa (1995 and 1997), support queuing arguments and raise questions about the effectiveness of crowded-sector explanations. They indicate that the gender gap in small business success operates such that men-owned businesses are more successful in both urban and rural settings but that men-owned businesses are even more successful than women-owned businesses in urban than rural communities. The authors discuss the causes and consequences of the gender gap in small business success in rural and urban places and identify key issues for further research.\n      </p>", "The paper differentiates between three conceptualizations of organizational networks: as resources, as organizational logic, and as a change mechanism. We integrate and apply these conceptualizations in one of the first comprehensive studies of private business schools in post-socialism. Using case studies, content analysis of websites, and an open-ended survey of administrators, we show how East-West networks helped in establishing a new type of organization at the end of socialism, how schools use networking as a core organizational principle to enhance efficacy and legitimacy, and how their activities help build capitalism from the bottom up by transmitting market-based knowledge to post-socialist economic actors.\n      </p>", "This paper adds to the growing literature within geography on environmental regulation of business activities. The adoption of voluntary practices of environmental responsibility is discussed as a form of environmental regulation, and then applied to tourism using a survey of 69 companies and institutions in the UK outgoing tourism industry. Results indicate that business has adopted a wide range of practices, but considers them to be weak regulatory instruments because ultimate responsibility for change lies with host governments via legislation. However, environmental protection may enhance business performance if voluntary practices could differentiate mass-market holiday packages and allow companies to compete on more than price alone. This paper, therefore, supports research from other industries which states that environmental practices may lead to commercial advantage if adopted proactively rather than in response to market demand for ethical or 'green' products. However, change may be accelerated by labelling 'green' or 'sustainable' tourism as 'quality' tourism, and by acknowledging that populist market demand may lead to stereotypical approaches to minorities or ecotourism not helpful to equitable development. Future debate should focus on common ground between regulators and business, and on shared responsibility for excluding 'free-rider' companies not willing to adopt practices.\n      </p>", "This article considers the problem of nonresponse in the Characteristics of Business Owners survey. It presents a novel approach for assessing the extent to which nonresponse is nonignorable. The method exploits the fact that all of the owners of multiowner firms were surveyed. The article uses information received from a responding owner to derive inferences about a nonresponding owner of the same firm. It provides evidence that nonrespondents are more likely than respondents to discontinue ownership. The article estimates a variety of models of the joint process of ownership survival and survey response and quantifies the effects of ignoring nonresponse.\n      </p>", "In an action research study at the Amsterdam Municipal Police Force, a collaborative business engineering approach was employed to explore the joint application of group support systems and animation techniques to support stakeholder involvement in organizational change processes. Stakeholders constructed and evaluated static and dynamic models of the police force's current and future work processes. Findings illustrate the complimentary potential of the two technologies to support stakeholder involvement in terms of efficiency, resulting model quality, and stakeholder satisfaction with process and technologies. The study illustrates the value of an incremental modeling strategy, the involvement of a substantial number of stakeholders, and the need to keep the momentum in the process. Issues for further research concern the development of a collaborative modeling environment that allows for group enabled model construction and viewing and the automatic transformation between different types of models.\n      </p>", "Recent events have raised concerns about the ethical standards of public and private organisations, with some attention falling on business schools as providers of education and training to managers and senior executives. This paper investigates the nature of, motivation and commitment to, ethics tuition provided by the business schools. Using content analysis of their institutional and home websites, we appraise their corporate identity, level of engagement in socially responsible programmes, degree of social inclusion, and the relationship to their ethics teaching. Based on published research, a schema is developed with corporate identity forming an integral part, to represent the macro-environment, parent institution, the business school and their relationships to ethics education provision. This is validated by our findings.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study is to determine whether there are cross-cultural differences between Chinese and Canadian business students with respect to their assessment of the ethicality of various business behaviors. Using a sample of 147 business students, the results indicate cultural crossvergence; the Chinese (72 students) and Canadians (75 students) exhibit different ethical attitudes toward questionable business practices at the individual level but not at the corporate level. A social desirability bias (a tendency to deny socially unacceptable actions and to admit to socially desirable ones) is also found to be a cross-cultural phenomenon, with the Canadians demonstrating a greater bias than the Chinese. Finally, this bias causes respondents to increase their assessment of the un-ethicality of questionable business activities.\n      </p>", "This paper presents the results of a national study of the beliefs and perceptions of small business professionals concerning ethics within their company and business in general. The study examined their views on the relationship between success and ethical conduct as well as the extent and nature of ethical conflicts experienced by the respondents. Some comparisons are made with similar studies that have been conducted in the past. Respondents have the most ethical conflicts with customers and employees, and with regard to honesty in contracts/agreements. Most also believe that ethical standards are lower than they were 10 and 20 years ago, primarily because society's moral standards are lower. Additionally, they believe that the behavior of top management has the most influence on decisions in ethical situations. Finally, consistent with prior studies, they believe that they have the most responsibility to customers, ahead of employees and stockholders.\n      </p>", "This paper extends our previous research on East Asia to the case of 14 European countries from 1977 to 1999. According to our empirical results, intraindustry trade is again the major channel through which the business cycles of European countries become synchronized. This contrasts with existing studies that found that increased trade itself led to the synchronization of business cycles. Our findings have important implications for the adoption of a currency union, as we expect that the costs of joining a currency union will diminish significantly only when intraindustry trade becomes dominant.\n      </p>", "Objective\u2014To investigate the views of specialists in occupational medicine about business ethics in occupational medicine. Method\u2014A qualitative study with face to face focus groups and successive reviews of the draft consensus was undertaken of all accredited specialists in occupational medicine who were members of the south Wales and west of England group of the Society of Occupational Medicine, and of all regional specialty advisers and deputies from the Faculty of Occupational Medicine. Results\u2014There was widespread agreement for the need of a code of business ethics. In all, during the four draft stages of preparing a consensus, 72% (28/39) of members of the south Wales and west of England group of the Society of Occupational Medicine, and 31% (20/64) of regional specialty advisers and deputies provided detailed comment for inclusion in it. Conclusions\u2014Consensus of their views was reached among study participants for issues of business ethics involving advertising, competence, qualifications, fees, commitment, changes in provider contracts, regulation, and supervision of trainees. It provides a basis for further debate.\n      </p>", "We partition the variances of market shares, which we use as surrogates for competitive position, of the business units of all public manufacturing companies available in the Trinet data base into industry factors, corporate parent-specific factors, and business unit-specific factors. Our results differ somewhat from Rumelt's (1991), which decomposed variances in profitability. We find that corporate parent effects on market share are considerably greater than zero when lines of business are defined more narrowly, when small business units are included, and when firms are medium-sized. Our results suggest that the relative importance of corporate, industry, and business unit effects depends on the types of criteria, such as the level of industry aggregation, whether small business units are included, and firm size, that are used to construct samples.\n      </p>", "Despite significant progress in evaluating the productivity payoffs from information technology (IT), the inability of traditional f\u00eerm-level economie analysis to account fully for the intangible impacts of IT has led to calls for a more inclusive and comprehensive approach to measuring IT business value. In response to this call, we develop a process-oriented model to assess the impacts of IT on criticai business activities within the value chain. Our model incorporates corporate goals for IT and management practices as key determinants of realized IT payoffs. Using survey data from 304 business executives Worldwide, we found that corporate goals for IT can be classified into one of four types: unfocused, operations focus, market focus, and dual focus. Our analysis confirms that these goals are useful indicatore of payoffs from IT in that executives in firms with more focused goals for IT perceive greater payoffs from IT across the value chain. In addition, we found that management practices such as strategic alignment and IT investment evaluation contribute to higher perceived levels of IT business value.\n      </p>", "We argue that the field of international business should evolve its rhetoric from the relatively uncontroversial idea that 'history matters' to exploring how it matters. We discuss four conceptual channels through which history matters, illustrating each with a major example. First, historical variation is at least a worthy complement to contemporary cross-sectional variation in illuminating conceptual issues. As an example, we show that conclusions reached by the literature on contemporary emerging market business groups are remarkably similar to independently reached conclusions about a very similar organizational form that was ubiquitous in the age of empire. Second, historical evidence avoids spurious labeling of some phenomena as 'new', and by so doing may challenge current explanations of their determinants. Whereas some firm types today were also present earlier, some types have disappeared, some have appeared, and some have disappeared and reappeared later. Third, history can allow us to move beyond the oft-recognized importance of issues of path dependence to explore the roots of Penrosian resources. We argue that the choices made by Jardine's and Swire's in Asia today, for example, are an outgrowth of strategic choices first in evidence more than a century ago. These would remain obscured absent an historical analysis. Fourth, there are certain issues that are unaddressable, except in the really long (that is, historical) run. Exploring the causal relationship (if any) between foreign direct investment, a staple of the international business literature, and long-run economic development provides one important example. Throughout, we advocate embracing rigorous methods for analyzing small-sample and qualitative data when conventional regression techniques do not apply. That is, we suggest that re-embracing history in the mainstream is not tantamount to sacrificing methodological rigor.\n      </p>", "Drawing on a small sample of writings from distinguished philosophers and poets living in the Middle East in the period from the eighth to the first century BCE, it is shown that a variety of business practices provided familiar examples of how people ought to act and live, morally speaking, to enjoy the best sort of life and to be the best sort of person. The writings reveal that we share a common heritage and humanity with people living 20 to 28 hundred years ago, and that some of the observations are as important and useful today as they were when they were originally made.\n      </p>", "This essay explores the motivation for the study of Portuguese on the part of students as well as opportunities for the development of Business Portuguese through the use of technology-enhanced courses presenting students with authentic interviews with Brazilian business executives.\n      </p>", "There are many statistical tools available to be utilized for general business improvement and industrial problem solving. However, there is a wide gap between the tools available and those that are actually used in business and industrial organizations. Thus it is important for statisticians to direct serious attention to bridging this gap if statistics is to be relevant in business and industry. In this paper we look at some ideas for implementing statistical methods in business and industry.\n      </p>", "As global business operations expand, managers need more knowledge of foreign cultures, in particular, information on the ethics of doing business across borders. The purpose of this paper is twofold: (1) to share the Islamic perspective on business ethics, little known in the west, which may stimulate further thinking and debate on the relationships between ethics and business, and (2) to provide some knowledge of Islamic philosophy in order to help managers do business in Muslim cultures. The case of Egypt illustrates some divergence between Islamic philosophy and practice in economic life. The paper concludes with managerial implications and suggestions for further research.\n      </p>", "This study continues the systematic measurement of consumers' sentiments toward business ethical practices first measured in 2004. The Business Ethics Index (BEI) comprises the four measurements representing the dimensions of \"personal-vicarious\" and \"past-future\". A professional telephone interviewing company was hired to collect five consecutive waves of 1045 telephone interviews in an omnibus procedure. The collection of the five waves represented a sampling process which enables the creation of confidence intervals for this, and subsequent, measurements of the BEI. The overall BEI fell to 102.6 (from a revized 108.7 in 2004). The drop was attributed to a fall in consumer expectations of the future ethical behavior of business.\n      </p>", "Since 1994, greater emphasis has been given in the Office for National Statistics to the development of appropriate statistical methodology and its application to business statistics. The paper reviews the main developments in the collection and compilation of business statistics during the period 1994-2000, and the role of the methodologists in these developments. The paper concludes with a look at possible further developments.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the relationship between IOS-enabled business process change and business outcomes. A generic framework for analyzing IT-enabled business process change is applied to a case study analysis of Japan Airlines (JAL). Drawing on a resource-based view of the firm, we investigate the ways in which IOS not only contributed to JAL's improved competitiveness but also enabled it more folly to leverage its strategic value chain as an engine of growth and a new source of competitive advantage. Our focus is on JAL's strategic use of the AXESS Computer Reservation System and Electronic Data Interchange, developed with a clear strategic intention to support JAL's emerging strategies on customer service, sales, value chain logistics coordination, and cost reduction. JAL's collaboration with the IOS-transformed virtual value chain firms significantly contributed to JAL's business growth and competitiveness. JAL's time-based competitiveness has been improved through its IOS-enabled interfirm joint product innovation cycle time reduction.\n      </p>", "Business improvement districts (BIDs) are distinctive, formalized partnerships between the public and private sectors operating as subgovernmental units at the local level. There were more than 650 BIDs in the United States in 2008 and an estimated 1,500 worldwide. BIDs are special districts designed to bring together public, private, and civic actors to achieve comprehensive community revitalization, economic development, and quality-of-life improvements in primary business and mixed-use areas. Such partnerships appear to allow the public sector to enjoy more vigorous entrepreneurship, while allowing the private sector to utilize public authority and public processes to achieve economic and community revitalization. BIDs are unique because they are authorized by local ordinance but tend to be managed by private and nonprofits entities that function as publicly oriented public-private partnerships. This paper explores how BIDs dissolve public-private dichotomies to create new hybrid capacities for mutually beneficial community and business development. Performance concerns arise as BID managers employ bridging forms of public management that explores, identifies, and crafts marketplace as well as community values to revitalize a sense of destination and place in traditional and nontraditional business districts. The BID movement may provide new tools for describing public entrepreneurship in public administration necessary to bridge special interests and formulate sustainable social and economic networks.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this paper is to examine the various guidelines presented in the literature for instituting an ethics curriculum and to empirically study their effectiveness. Three questions are addressed concerning the trainability of ethics material and the proper integration and implementation of an ethics curriculum. An empirical study then tested the effect of ethics training on moral awareness and reasoning. The sample consisted of two business classes, one exposed to additional ethics curriculum (experimental), and one not exposed (control). For the experimental group, ethics exercises and discussion relevant to each topic were completed. Findings suggested gender differences such that, relative to other groups, women in the experimental group showed significantly improved moral awareness and decision-making processes. An explanation of the underlying cognitive processes is presented to explain the gender effect.\n      </p>", "This essay provides a brief overview of ethical issues and challenges relevant to international firms doing business in China. Those issues include the uncertainties of further economic liberalization within an authoritarian government framework, the impacts of bribery and low transparency on competitiveness and profitability, uncertainty about what ethics and values within the Chinese cultural ethos will prevail in shaping economic behavior, questions about the rights and status of Chinese workers, and significant challenges of environmental sustainability.\n      </p>", "A number of business writers have argued that business is a game and, like a game, possesses its own special rules for acting. While we do not normally tolerate deceit, bluffing is not merely acceptable but also expected within the game of poker. Similarly, lies of omission, overstatements, puffery and bluffs are morally acceptable within business because it, like a game, has a special ethic which permits these normally immoral practices. Although critics of this reasoning have used deontological and utilitarian arguments to show that deceit in business is just an immoral as it is in any other realm of human practice, little attention has been paid to the fact that the argument is one of analogy. The analogical argument for business' special ethic is only as strong as the alleged similarities between business and game-playing. This paper argues that this analogy is quite weak and incapable of either providing much insight into business or of offering a reason to think that the ethics of business are, or even could be, like those of a game.\n      </p>", "This paper seeks to redirect the debate on the past, present and future of international business (IB). It sets out to dispel prevailing myths pertaining to the field's disciplinary roots, its domain and underlying bases of theory and knowledge. IB is positioned as an integrative field whose competitive advantage and added value lie in the synergetic combination of global and local knowledge that is unavailable to and not imitable by its major competitors, in particular economics and strategy.\n      </p>", "Using confidential microdata from the US Census Bureau, we investigate the performance of Asian-owned businesses. Using regression estimates and a special non-linear decomposition technique, we explore the role that class resources, such as financial capital and human capital, play in contributing to the relative success of Asian businesses. We find that Asian-owned businesses are more successful than white-owned businesses for two main reasons\u2014Asian owners have high levels of human capital and their businesses have substantial start-up capital. Using detailed information on both the owner and the firm, we estimate the explanatory power of several additional factors.\n      </p>", "A decision support system to evaluate and formulate business portfolio strategies is proposed. Strategies are expressed in terms of market share objectives to be achieved in each of the N business units in the portfolio. STRATPORT evaluates a strategy in terms of the net present value of its after-tax cash flows in the long term as well as its short-term net cash flow implications. Risk considerations are incorporated as per the Capital Asset Pricing Model. The model explicitly considers marketing investment, capacity expenditures, working capital and the impact of \"experience\" on costs and revenues over a time horizon. The formulation of strategy is accomplished by maximizing long-term profit subject to a short-term net cash flow limit, with the maximization repeated over a range of values for the short-term net cash flow limit. The use of the Generalized Lagrange Multiplier permits the simultaneous optimization of N market shares to be accomplished more efficiently by N univariate maximizations. Although the function that is maximized in the univariate maximization is not unimodal, the newly proposed procedure guarantees that a global maximum will be found. Limitations of the model and some extensions to minimize their impact are discussed.\n      </p>", "According to a common assumption, truthfulness cannot have an intrinsic value in business. Instead, it is considered only instrumentally valuable for business, because it contributes to successful trust-building. Some authors deny truthfulness even this limited role by claiming that truth-telling is not an essential part of business, which is a sui generis practice like poker. In this article, I argue that truthfulness has indeed an intrinsic value in business and identify the conceptual confusions underlying the opposite view. My account of truthfulness as a virtue shows that truthfulness is both valuable for its own sake and instrumental to further valuable goals. It helps pinpoint the implicit contradiction in claiming that truthfulness has an instrumental value only. I then challenge the reasons for considering business exempt from the constraints of truthfulness and elaborate on the analogy between game and business, which in fact supports instead of undermining my claim that business is a truthful practice. Finally, I illustrate my argument with a case study of the current crisis of trust faced by the pharmaceutical industry.\n      </p>", "This paper reports the results of a survey of 842 undergraduate business students in four nations - the United States of America (the USA), the Peoples' Republic of China (the PRC), Japan, and the Republic of Korea (the ROK). This survey asked students to respond to four scenarios with potentially unethical business behavior and a string of questions related to the importance of ethics in business strategy and in personal behaviors. Based on arguments related to differences in recent historical experiences, the authors suggest that student responses may be as different within the East Asian (Confucian) environment as they are between this environment as a whole and the USA. Survey results indicate a greater perception of ethical problems and more importance placed on ethics per se in business practices, as well as less of an emphasis on social harmony (a key distinguishing characteristic of Confucian values identified in prior research) on the part of USA students. At the same time, substantial national differences in response are also witnessed within the set of East Asian students. A priori expectations as to the manner in which these East Asian responses should vary based on differences in recent historical experiences are partially, but not fully, supported. The authors argue that the key value of the reported research rests on a demonstration that national differences within a common cultural (e.g., East Asian or Confucian) area can be as great as differences across cultural (East vs. West) areas and that practitioners of global business must fine-tune their expectations as to acceptable business and personal actions to accommodate specific national historical experiences to be effective.\n      </p>", "From a certain philosophical perspective, one that is at least as old as Plato but which is addressed also by Aristotle and Kant, business ethics \u2013 to the extent that it is marketed as form of enlightened self-interest \u2014 constitutes a Thrasymachean compromise: to argue that it is to our advantage to conduct business ethically, perhaps even advantageous to the bottom-line, comes curiously close to endorsing what Plato called the 'shadow of virtue' \u2014 i.e., of becoming temperate for the sake of illtemperance. And yet it also seems true that moralistic campaigns to achieve the impossible, e.g., pursuing justice for its own sake or eradicating egoism, often \"detract from attaining really important things.\" This essay explores the need, in business ethics as well as elsewhere, to make \u2014 what Dewey and Niebuhr considered to be \u2014 painful if not principled philosophical compromises in order to secure is a society in which there would be \"enough justice to avoid complete disaster.\"\n      </p>", "This paper compares the findings of studies of seven groups of professionals in various key segments of the fields of accounting and insurance conducted during 1990 through 1994 in an effort to determine the extent to which they tend to rely on various factors in their business and professional environments for help in behaving ethically in the course of their work. Commonalities among the findings for these rather diverse groups are highlighted and their possible implications for business and the professions are discussed.\n      </p>", "The Business Ethics Index (BEI) was expanded in Japan. The overall BEI for Japan stands at 99.1 - slightly on the negative side. The component BEI patterns were similar to those in the U.S. In an open-ended question about their ethical experiences as consumers, the Japanese were concerned about customer service and good management practices.\n      </p>", "Confucian ethics as applied to the study of business ethics often relate to the micro consideration of personal ethics and the character of a virtuous person. Actually, Confucius and his school have much to say about the morals of the public administration and the market institutions in a more macro level. While Weber emphasizes the role of culture on the development of the economy, and Marx the determining influence of the material base on ideology, we see an interaction between culture - specifically Confucian business ethics - and the economy. In this paper, we are going to study this interaction in several crucial stages of development of Confucianism. The paper concludes by postulating the relevance of Confucian business ethics to the global knowledge economy.\n      </p>", "The paper begins by providing a classification of the regulatory environment within which Business Schools, particularly those in the U.K., operate. The classification identifies mandatory vs. voluntary and prescriptive vs. permissive requirements in relation to the Business and Management curriculum. Three QAA Subject Benchmark Statements relating to Business and Management, the AMBA MBA guidelines, and the EQUIS and AACSB standards are then compared and contrasted with each other. The cognitive and affective learning outcomes associated with business ethics contained in each of these statements are then detailed. The conclusion is that from an international perspective compliance with relevant standards, while requiring due consideration, should be relatively straightforward. From a U.K. perspective, however, the QAA Subject Benchmark Statements provide the most rigorous standards and to meet these will require considerable development on the part of many Business Schools in the U.K. For those academics engaged in this area, however, this represents an opportunity not to be missed.\n      </p>", "Significant research has found that corporations have a social responsibility beyond maximizing shareholders' value. This study examines the effect of high-profile corporate bankruptcies on perception of corporate social responsibility. Undergraduate and graduate business students rated the importance of corporate social responsibility on profitability, long-term success and short-term success, before and after high-profile bankruptcies. The results indicated that students in general perceived corporate social responsibility to be more important to profitability and long-term success of the firm and less important to short-term success after media publicity of corporate scandals. Several demographic factors such as gender, age and college major played a role in this perception. These findings have important implications for business education, especially as it relates to corporate social responsibility.\n      </p>", "It appears that in the 30 years that business ethics has been a discipline in its own right a model of business ethics has not been proffered. No one appears to have tried to explain the phenomenon known as 'business ethics' and the ways that we as a society interact with the concept, therefore, the authors have addressed this gap in the literature by proposing a model of business ethics that the authors hope will stimulate debate. The business ethics model consists of three principal components (i.e. expectations, perceptions and evaluations) that are interconnected by five sub-components (i.e. society expects; organizational values, norms and beliefs; outcomes; society evaluates; and reconnection). The introduced model makes a contribution to the creation of a conceptual framework for business ethics. A few tentative conclusions may be drawn from the introduced model of business ethics. The model aspires to be highly dynamic. The ultimate outcome is dependent upon the evolution of time and contexts. It is also dependent upon and provides reference to the behaviours and perceptions of people. The model proposes business ethics to be a continuous and an iterative process. There is no actual end of the process, but a constant reconnection to the initiation of successive process iterations of the business ethics model. The principals and sub-components of the model construct the dynamics of this continuous process. They provide guidance on what and how to explore our common efforts to understand the phenomenon known as business ethics. The model provides opportunities for further research in the field of business ethics.\n      </p>", "Many prior researchers have criticized business planning, arguing that it interferes with the efforts of firm founders to undertake more valuable actions to develop their fledgling enterprises. In this paper, we challenge this negative view of business planning, arguing that business planning is an important precursor to action in new ventures. By helping firm founders to make decisions, to balance resource supply and demand, and to turn abstract goals into concrete operational steps, business planning reduces the likelihood of venture disbanding and accelerates product development and venture organizing activity. Empirically, we examine 223 new ventures initiated in the first 9 months of 1998 by a random sample of Swedish firm founders and provide support for our hypotheses.\n      </p>", "Viewing business ethics as enlightened self-interest that always pays in the long run is too easy. While reputation can be a valuable asset, not being tied to a particular code of ethics has an option value. The need for widespread laws and regulations that restrict behavior confirms this. Being ethical may cost-it is still worth pursuing if we believe in goals that transcend shareholder value.\n      </p>", "The moral status of business bluffing is a controversial issue. On the one hand, bluffing would seem to be relevantly similar to lying and deception. Because of this, business bluffing can be taken to be an activity that is at least prima facie morally condemnable. On the other hand, it has often been claimed that in business bluffing is part of the game and that therefore there is nothing morally questionable in business bluffing. In a recent issue of this journal, Fritz Allhoff puts forward a novel defence of business bluffing. In this article, I will examine Allhoff's arguments for the moral acceptability of business bluffing and argue that they are implausible.\n      </p>", "By drawing a theoretical distinction between the persistence of superior and poor performance, we reconcile the conflicting predictions of the 'revisionist' and accepted views on the persistence of firm performance in emerging economies. Using a sample of manufacturing firms in the United States and India, we show that superior firm performance in emerging economies persists only as much as developed economies in line with the revisionist argument. We also provide evidence consistent with the accepted view that poor firm performance persists longer in emerging economies compared to developed economies. Further exploration of the latter shows that, contrary to predictions of extant theories, firms in emerging economies that are affiliated with an MNC or a business group have a greater persistence of poor performance than firms that are unaffiliated with these intermediate governance structures, and hence would be better off operating at arm's length.\n      </p>", "This paper captures the structure of MBA programs in 25 leading U.S. business schools at the beginning of the revolution these programs are undergoing. It is a study of strategic groups in the MBA industry, and a baseline for examining adaptation and strategic change in educational institutions. We use the Co-plot method to map the schools according to the 1993 structure of their core courses and existing areas of concentration. The maps indicate similarities among business schools and shed light on their 1994 ranking. Each of the five top schools has been found to be in a different cluster of MBA program structures. The findings suggest that program structure content-the particular mix of core and concentration areas-in itself is not a source of superior performance.\n      </p>", "Increasingly the business environment is tending toward a global economy. The current study compares the results of the Attitudes Towards Business Ethics Questionnaire (ATBEQ) reported in the literature for samples from the United States of America, Israel, Western Australia, and South Africa to a new sample (n = 125) from Turkey. The results indicate that while there are some shared views towards business ethics across countries, significant differences do exist between Turkey and each of the other countries in the study. Similarities and differences are discussed in terms of the countries' ratings on the Corruption Perceptions Index (as reported by the Internet Center for Corruption Research) and Hofstede's Theory of International Cultures. Recommendations for managers interacting with employees from differing countries are provided.\n      </p>", "The systematic measurement of consumers' sentiments toward business ethical practices is expanded to two emerging economies in Asia (China and India). The Chinese were very optimistic about the future ethical behavior of businesses, while the Indians recorded the lowest BEI scores yet. Chinese consumers were very concerned with product issues, while Indians were concerned equally about low quality products and excessive prices.\n      </p>", "This paper presents an application of interactive goal programming on the microcomputer for small business. The illustrative application in this paper is based on real data obtained from a small business in Wisconsin, U.S.A. The microcomputer-based interactive system indicates that the goal programming approach enables the small-business manager/owner to test a variety of alternative strategies reflected by goal levels and priority structures.\n      </p>", "After measuring consumers' sentiments toward business ethical practices in mostly Christian countries, the Business Ethics Index was expanded to two Muslim countries \u2014 Turkey and Egypt. The overall BEI for both countries was on the negative range, with Egypt exhibiting the widest gap between personal ethical perceptions and vicarious ones. No difference between genders was observed.\n      </p>", "The differences between the \"habits of the heart\" in German and U.S.-American corporations can be described by analyzing the way corporations deal with norms and values within their organizations. Whereas many U.S. corporations have introduced formal business ethics programs, German companies are very reluctant to address normative questions publicly. This can be explained by the different cultural backgrounds in both countries. By defining these different \"habits of the heart\" underlying German and American business ethics it is possible to show the problems and questions within the intercultural management of values, but also the possible solutions.\n      </p>", "As an independent enterprise, international business has begun to achieve parity with such basic business disciplines as marketing, finance, and organization behavior. As the field matures, it will become increasingly judicious in its borrowing from other intellectual traditions, and both educational and research objectives will be profoundly affected. The current interest of anthropologists in business activity is one source of synergy that can be effectively harnessed. Applied anthropology has begun to achieve parity with the four traditional sub-disciplines of anthropology, and business has become a critical area of application. As this field is legitimated, the contributions of anthropology will be recognized by business academics and practitioners. This exploratory article frames this interest for teachers and researchers, and discusses ways in which an anthropological perspective might be used to enhance the teaching of international business.\n      </p>", "Corporations and investors are responding to recent major ethical scandals with increased attention to the social impacts of business operations. In turn, business colleges and their international accrediting body are increasing their efforts to make students more aware of the social context of corporate activity. Business education literature lacks data on student attitudes toward such education. This study found that postscandal business students, particularly women, are indeed interested in it. Their interest is positively related to their past donation, volunteerism, and non-profit organization membership activities, whether limited or extensive. Some evidence supports the proposition that education can modify internal principles over time. We offer suggestions for classroom and program uses of these findings in hopes of enriching the vision of future business managers.\n      </p>", "While \"unobservable\" factors such as corporate culture, access to scarce resources, management skill, and luck can be postulated to be principal determinants of business success, their effects are all but ignored in studies of business performance. This study, making use of the PIMS data base, reports empirical evidence indicating that failure to control for unobservable factors influencing profitability both biases and exaggerates the effect of strategic factors. Indeed, the influence of unobservable factors is so pervasive as to invalidate many of the conclusions drawn from studies failing to control for their effects.\n      </p>", "Using data from multiple sources, including the Characteristics of Business Owners Survey, the authors trace out the relationship between wealth and access to financial capital and the African American-owned business. African Americans are found to have levels of wealth that are one-eleventh those of whites. Starting with this disparity, blacks are much less likely to start businesses than are whites, which results in a substantially lower rate of business ownership. Even for those black entrepreneurs who are successful in starting businesses, the authors find that they invest much less capital at start-up on average than white entrepreneurs. Lower levels of start-up capital among black businesses appear to also limit their ability to grow and succeed. Racial disparities in start-up capital contribute to higher failure rates, lower sales and profits, less employment among black-owned businesses, and less survivability of the business.\n      </p>", "This study is motivated by two research questions: (1) Which recent contributions have been driving the research agenda in international business? (2) Which emerging themes in the literature are likely to set the stage for future work? To examine these questions, the study examined scholarly work in international business over the time period 1996-2006 in six leading international business journals (Journal of International Business Studies, Management International Review, Journal of World Business, International Marketing Review, Journal of International Marketing, and International Business Review). Next, a Delphi study of the most prolific authors in these journals over the same time period was conducted to delineate a future research agenda in international business. Addressing these two research questions provides us with a more complete understanding of the progress made to date in international business research, and provides a glimpse of the future.\n      </p>"], "words": {"essay": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remarkable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controversial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 37, "prob": 0.0003064068005747198}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teaching": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "confidential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "east,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "categories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gender": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "upper": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "mediterranean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "index": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumers": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "brief": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "access": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "firms": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "ground": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "seeks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "china": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "others": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "microdata": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "commonly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "credit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "social": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "action": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "segments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "private": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "use": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "from": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "working": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predictions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eleven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sample": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "planning,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "researchers,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "successful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "company": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "curriculum": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "training": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surprisingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foundations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "this": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "era": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "strategies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impacts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "topic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "travel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "hot": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "writers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explores": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "farm": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "data": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "a": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "responsibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "african": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "operations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statistical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "industries": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rapidly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maps": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "personal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "globalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "versus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schools": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "feature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "now": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "micro": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "domain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflicting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "doing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "availability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "idea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "police": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "begun": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurement": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "our": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "beyond": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "living": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "tensions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "acting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "base": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulatory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "owners": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "programming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "industrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "speaking,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "philosophical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "electronic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disciplines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "service": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "least": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "regulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "urban": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "environmental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "norms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "begins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professionals": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "finance,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "isolation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "providing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 42, "prob": 0.0003478131249767089}, "motivation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "need": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "self": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "objective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "performance": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "effectiveness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "persistence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arguing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assesses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "undertaken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultures,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "senior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "emerging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "find": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "situations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "productivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achieve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "joint": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cannot": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competitive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "despite": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marketing,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "set": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "national": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "around": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "merits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "best": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "r": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "between": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "progress": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "available": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "scoring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "attention": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analyzes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "group": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "perceptions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "last": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "many": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "according": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "against": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foreign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schools,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overview": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enterprise,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "borders": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "life": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "diversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gap": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "environment,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systematic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "an": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "case": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "commerce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "britain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "particular,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teachers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "century": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "is": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "engaged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "middle": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "attributed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 36, "prob": 0.00029812553569432196}, "technology": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "municipal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shifts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "units": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "events": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "independent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "distinction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cycle": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "maximizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "person": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "organization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 109, "prob": 0.0009026578719633637}, "corporate": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "drawing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "researchers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "observed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "networks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "actions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discipline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "renewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grounded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "character": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improvement": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "animation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "location": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "east": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "real": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rules": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "game": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "accepted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shapes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "security": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "portuguese": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "old": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "creation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examples": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "provided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measuring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "core": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 65, "prob": 0.0005382822172258591}, "marketing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manufacturing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "on": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "about": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "census": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 91, "prob": 0.0007535951041162027}, "industry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "act": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efforts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "executives": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "raised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "own": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "presence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involvement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "female": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "parity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "there": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "influencing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "way": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rumelt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "north": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "link": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "themselves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "us": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "past,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reconcile": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "certain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "engineering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "organizational": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "accounting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "variety": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "application": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "compares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collaborative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scandals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meaning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enterprises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "e": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "once": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}