{"total_words": 1092, "documents": ["Oral history interviews are a key source for interpreting the migration of women who are often voiceless in the historical record. Interviews with Scottish women who came to Canada as domestic servants between 1912 and 1929 reveal how these women perceived their choices within the gender expectations of their class and culture. As working women with limited opportunity in Scotland they responded to the possibility of changing their lives through migration. Personal as well as cultural values shaped the women's stories. A comparison of the narratives of two pre-war migrants illustrates the importance of how the women scripted their interpretation of their lives.\n      </p>", "Increasing numbers of Canada geese (Branta canadensis) in urban and suburban settings have become problematic. An understanding of public attitudes regarding geese and potential management alternatives is necessary before wildlife agencies can enact socially acceptable measures to control these populations. We used a random telephone survey of 800 central Missouri residents to assess public awareness of a local population of giant Canada geese (B.c. maxima), overall attitudes regarding the flock, preferences for goose management alternatives, and public perception of management responsibilities. Most respondents (74%) were cognizant of the local population of giant Canada geese. Most (68%) indicated that they enjoy Canada geese, and 42% were satisfied with the current population level in the area. However, landowners and respondents reporting property damage indicated they would like to see fewer geese in the future and were more likely to describe geese as a nuisance. Except for traditional firearms hunting and antifeeding ordinances, lethal and nonlethal management alternatives generally were viewed negatively. However, support for lethal alternatives increased when it could be demonstrated that geese were causing serious damage, lethal methods were the only viable means of control, and geese were killed humanely and processed for human consumption through local food pantries or homeless shelters. Respondents reporting property damage also were more likely to support lethal alternatives. The plurality of respondents (48%) indicated that landowners should not expect compensation for damage to their property caused by geese. However, hunters and respondents who reported property use by geese viewed government agencies as financially accountable for damage.\n      </p>", "Scholarship on immigration and globalization has failed to adequately analyze the nation-state's regulatory capacities, insisting instead that contemporary patterns of migration jeopardize national sovereignty and territoriality. While recognized that states possess the legitimate authority to control their territorial and membership boundaries, recent transformations of these capacities remain largely unanalyzed. This article's historical analysis of Australia and Canada's postwar immigration policies demonstrates that the contours of state regulation are intimately connected to the exigencies of state administration and nation building and--in contrast to the expectations of dominant theories-- have intensified and expanded within the globalization context. The literature's inattention to the fundamentally political nature of immigration has obscured the critical effects of national policies within both the migratory and globalization process. Australia's and Canada's contemporary policies constitute a unique model of migration control and reflect attempts by both countries to strategically position their societies within the global system and resolve a number of economic, political, cultural, and demographic transitions associated with globalization.\n      </p>", "This paper argues that most conceptualizations of citizenship limit the purview of the discourse to static categories. 'Citizenship' is commonly seen as an ideal type, presuming a largely legal relationship between an inidividual and a single nation-state - more precisely only one type of nation-state, the advanced capitalist post-war model. Alternatively, we suggest a re-conceptualization of citizenship as a negotiated relationship, one which is subject therefore to change, and acted upon collectively within social, political and economic relations of conflict. This dynamic process of negotiation takes place within a context which is shaped by gendered, racial and class structures and ideologies; it also involves international hierarchies among states. Citizenship is therefore negotiated on global as well as national levels. This conceptualization is demonstrated by way of identifying one particular set of experiences of negotiated citizenship, involving foreign domestic workers in Canada. As non-citizens originating from Third World conditions, this is a case involving women of colour workers, highly prone to abusive conditions, and under the direction of employers who are more affluent First World citizens and predominantly white women. Original survey data based on interviews with Caribbean and Filipino domestic workers in Canada are used to demonstrate the varied, creative and effective strategies of two distinctive groups of non-citizens as they attempt to negotiate citizenship rights in restrictive national and international conditions.\n      </p>", "This article proposes a novel mapping of the complex relationship between business ethics and regulation, by suggesting five distinct ways in which business ethics and regulation may intersect. The framework is applied to a comparative case study of business responses to climate change regulation in Canada and Germany, both signatories to the Kyoto Protocol. Both countries represent distinctly different approaches which yield significant lessons for emerging economies. We also analyze the specific role of large multinational corporations in this process.\n      </p>", "Resident populations of Canada geese (Branta canadensis) in Massachusetts were estimated by mark-resight methods involving 2,872 geese neck-banded on 288 sites during 1991-1993 and in 1996. Populations increased from 26,000 geese in 1991 to 38,000 by 1997. Canada goose seasons timed to occur before and after fall migration resulted in the harvesting of 25% of Massachusetts' resident goose population in 1996 and 22% in 1997, with few migrants harvested. This was insufficient to reduce the size of the resident population. A questionnaire survey of Massachusetts waterfowl hunters indicated that only half the hunters who normally hunted Canada geese did so during the special seasons. Limited participation by waterfowl hunters during special seasons reduced the effectiveness of such seasons to control resident populations. Goose hunting opportunities during the traditional waterfowl hunting period would engage more waterfowlers in harvesting resident Canada goose populations.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the utility of 3 different methodologies for estimating Canada goose (Branta canadensis) harvest in 2 quota zones in southern Illinois from 1982 to 1992. For the Southern Illinois Quota Zone (4 counties), daily registration forms (x\u0304 = 24,855), the Illinois Waterfowl Hunter Survey (state survey; x\u0304 = 25,143), and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Waterfowl Harvest Survey (federal survey; x\u0304 = 22,137) produced similar estimates of goose harvest. For the Rend Lake Quota Zone (2 counties), extrapolation from the public hunting area (daily registration forms; x\u0304 = 7,036) and the state survey (x\u0304 = 7,246) produced similar estimates of goose harvest, but the federal survey (x\u0304 = 8,771) produced higher estimates. When the extrapolation factor was fine tuned, the daily registration form estimates and the federal survey estimates agreed. The use of daily registration forms is an acceptable procedure for monitoring Canada goose harvest in these quota zones. Attempts to record all geese harvested appear unnecessary and a waste of agency time and public funds.\n      </p>", "This article aims first to contrast the trends of marriage and cohabitation across different regions in Canada, and second, to assess whether cohabitation constitutes a new stage in the progression to marriage, or an alternative to marriage altogether. Based on various empirical demographic indicators, the analysis shows profound differences across the country. In Quebec, cohabiting unions are now widely accepted as forming the basis for family life, whereas they still largely constitute a childless prelude to marriage elsewhere in Canada. The authors discuss the role of different religious and cultural backgrounds, and of recent changes in the relationships between men and women, in accounting for the divergent evolution observed.\n      </p>", "The idea of the National Policy as both a collective endeavour and a framework for detailed policy analysis is more constitutive of the Canadian state and its governing instruments than is any of its renamed Constitution Acts. National policies or\u00ecginate in the actions and demands of citizens and are often framed by cultural and economic elites before being appropriated by politicians. This essay begins with a descnptive genealogy of Canada's three National Policies (NP1, from the 1840s through the 1930s; NP2, from the 1930s through the 1970s; and NP3, from 1980 onward). In subsequent sections , the essay elaborates the pr\u00ecnciples and components of Canada's contemporary National Policy, based on the notion of embedded citizen agency. It then explores a set of hypotheses about integrative action in the traditional analytic registers for thinking about the National Policy: economic, communications, and social policy. Canada's third National Policy is an emerging fact reflected in a number of initiatives taken by both Liberal and Conservative governments over the past thirty years. That said, the substantive policy commitments that this third National Policy entails are not fully predetermined but remain open for continuing political decision. Debating those possibilities will shape the country more profoundly than any attempts to perfect Canada's formal institutional arrangements, the epiphenomenal constitution.\n      </p>", "We undertook migration monitoring surveys and analysis of long-term banding data to determine if there was a significant premolt movement of Canada geese (Branta canadensis) from restored and reintroduced populations in southern Canada and midcontinent United States into northern Ontario and western James Bay. We examined migration chronology, origins, and demographic characteristics of molt migration of Canada geese in northern Ontario and on Akimiski Island, Northwest Territories. From 1985 to 1989, a conspicuous northward migration of large Canada geese was documented throughout northern Ontario from mid-May to the end of June, well after the April migration of the subarctic nesting subspecies of Canada geese (B. c. interior); most nesting interior Canada geese in the Hudson Bay and James Bay lowlands were incubating eggs at this time. Summer-banded Canada geese originating from populations in 26 states and 6 Canadian provinces were captured in coastal areas of James Bay and Hudson Bay between the borders of Quebec and Manitoba. Morphometric discrimination indicated the presence of molting giant Canada geese (B. c. maxima). Most foreign, summer-banded birds were yearlings (53%) and 2-year-olds (17%), but birds up to 15 years old were captured. Approximately 58% of 2-15-year-old females had brood patches, which indicated a nesting attempt in the year of recapture. We suggest that increasing populations of giant Canada geese and declining habitat availability on northern brood-rearing areas will result in increasing levels of competition between populations of Canada geese. Presence of molt migrants on northern breeding areas will also complicate management of some Arctic and subarctic nesting populations of Canada geese.\n      </p>", "In many localities, Canada geese (Branta canadensis) have habituated to urban settings and their populations are increasing. Reproductive inhibitors contained in synthetic grit could play a role in integrated Canada goose management. We describe and quantify the physical characteristics of natural grit collected from the gizzards of Canada geese from 4 regions of the United States. The average grit sample had a weight of 14.26 g, a volume of 2.45 ml, a grit-particle count of 1,419, and a soil weight of 6.85 g. The average grit particle measured 2.02 mm long and 1.52 mm wide, and had an area of &lt;tex-math&gt;$2.05\\ {\\rm mm}^{2}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; and a roundness rating of 1.25. Synthetic grit could be patterned after our findings to most likely be retained and utilized in the gizzards of Canada geese.\n      </p>", "We analyzed the carcass composition of 160 adult female Dusky Canada Geese (Branta canadensis occidentalis) collected in Oregon and Alaska from 1977 to 1979, to determine energy use patterns from premigration to hatch. We tested the predictions that geese would accumulate energy reserves during migration, experience a gradual loss during prelaying and a severe loss during laying and incubation. Energy requirements met from food were estimated by comparing changes in endogenous reserves to estimated daily energy requirements. Body mass, and water, lipid and protein components varied by stage of reproduction (P = 0.0001), and protein also varied by year (P = 0.0001). The brief migration period was costly, with a 52% decline in lipids, indicating that strategies to meet these energy demands are pivotal and will influence subsequent energy dynamics of reproduction. Geese maintained or increased lipid and protein reserves during the prelaying period, gradually lost reserves during laying and experienced considerable declines during incubation. Use of food for energy and nutrient requirements was important at all stages, accounting for 24% during incubation, the smallest but perhaps most critical contribution, to 100% during prelaying, of estimate daily energy requirements. The contribution of exogenous (food), versus endogenous sources, to energy and nutrient requirements of northern nesting geese is proving to be much more important than previously thought.\n      </p>", "We conducted genetic analyses of Aleutian Canada Geese (Branta canadensis leucopareia) from Buldir Island in the western Aleutians and the Semidi Islands in the eastern portion of their breeding range. We compared data from seven microsatellite DNA loci and 143 base pairs of the control region of mitochondrial DNA from the two populations of Aleutian Canada Geese and another small-bodied subspecies, the Cackling Canada Goose (B. c. minima) which nests in western Alaska. The widely separated island-nesting Aleutian geese were genetically more closely related to each other than to mainland-nesting small-bodied geese. The populations of Aleutian geese were genetically differentiated from one another in terms of mitochondrial DNA haplotype and microsatellite allele frequencies, suggesting limited contemporary gene flow and/or major shifts in gene frequency through genetic drift. The degree of population genetic differentiation suggests that Aleutian Canada Goose populations could be considered separate management units. There was some evidence of population bottlenecks, although we found no significant genetic evidence of non-random mating or inbreeding.\n      </p>", "Examining international differences in health outcomes for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients requires an understanding of ESRD funding structures. In Canada, funding for all aspects of dialysis and transplant care, with the exception of drugs (for which supplementary insurance can be purchased), is provided for all citizens. Although ESRD programs across Canada's 10 provinces differ in funding structure, they share important economic characteristics, including being publicly funded and universal, and providing most facets of ESRD care for free. This paper explains how ESRD care fits into the Canadian health care system, describes the epidemiology of ESRD in Canada, and offers economic explanations for international discrepancies.\n      </p>", "Several discriminant function (DF) equations, based on skeletal measurements from sexually mature After Hatch Year (AHY) birds, have been developed for subspecific and population classification of Canada geese (Branta canadensis). Classification of Hatch Year (HY) birds using these equations assumes no age-related variation in morphology of geese. In this study, we compared measurements from HY and AHY giant (B. c. maxima) and interior Canada geese (B. c. interior) and demonstrated that misleading conclusions were derived when HY birds were included in DF analyses to estimate subspecific harvest composition. We compared culmen, bill width, bill height at nares, skull length, skull width, skull height, tarsus length, and mid-toe length by age cohort within each year, sex, and subspecies. Fifty of 64 possible morphometric comparisons indicated that HY birds were smaller; 23 were significant (P\u2264 0.05). Furthermore, we found no significant growth in any disparate variable from September to January in the 1991-1992 birds. Subspecific classification of hunter-killed geese that included HY birds resulted in frequent misclassification of HY giant Canada geese, approximately doubling harvest estimates of interior Canada geese. We conclude that subspecific classification of Canada geese using morphometric DF equations should be restricted to AHY birds.\n      </p>", "We documented seasonal food habits of grizzly bears (Ursus arctos) in the Firth River Valley, Ivvavik National Park (INP), northern Yukon, Canada, 1993-1995 using: (1) analysis of 176 scats, (2) 222 hours of direct observation, and (3) 99 feeding site investigations. In spring, the primary grizzly bear food plants were alpine hedysarum (Hedysarum alpinum) roots and over-wintered berries such as crowberry (Empetrum nigrum). The main food plants in summer were common horsetail (Equisetum arvense) and bearflower (Boykinia richardsonii). Bears fed primarily on bog blueberries (Vaccinium uliginosum), crowberries, horsetail, and bearflower in fall. When blueberries were not available, grizzly bears dug for alpine hedysarum roots. In addition to eating plants, grizzly bears killed or scavenged caribou (Rangifer tarandus) and hunted Arctic ground squirrels (Spermophilus parryii) and microtines when available. Well used grizzly bear food plants in INP have similar nutritional quality as food plants from southern Canada. However, the northern growing season is short, and suitable growing sites and diversity of major foods are generally less than in the south, so food plant availability is lower.\n      </p>", "The Mid-Canada Radar Line (MCRL) was built during the 1950s in response to the perceived threat of a Soviet nuclear attack over the Arctic. The MCRL was an entirely Canadian project, consisting of 98 radar stations that stretched across the 55th parallel from Dawson Creek, British Columbia, to Hopedale, Labrador. Seventeen MCRL sites were located in Ontario, and by 1965, all had been closed for strategic and economic reasons. Since these sites were improperly decommissioned, they have become point sources of contaminants in northern Canada. In 2001, MCRL Site 050 was remediated. The Fort Albany First Nation (located near Site 050), the Department of National Defence, and the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources had formed a \"partnership\" to undertake this. We determined that from an Aboriginal perspective, a true partnership (as we define it) did exist between these organizations; a partnership based on the essential elements of respect, equity, and empowerment. We show that these cornerstones of a true partnership were present in the initial documents that discussed remediation of this site. This evaluation will provide insight, guidance, and a potential framework to benefit future partnership endeavours, helping to foster stronger collaborative relationships between Aboriginal organizations and governments at all levels, especially with respect to the remediation of abandoned radar line sites /// Le r\u00e9seau mitoyen d'alerte radar du Canada a \u00e9t\u00e9 am\u00e9nag\u00e9 dans les ann\u00e9es 1950 en r\u00e9action \u00e0 une menace per\u00e7ue d'attaque nucl\u00e9aire sovi\u00e9tique qui passerait par l'Arctique. Ce r\u00e9seau mitoyen \u00e9tait un projet enti\u00e8rement canadien. Il consistait en 98 postes de radar r\u00e9partis \u00e0 la hauteur du 55e parall\u00e8le, de Dawson Creek, en Colombie-Britannique, \u00e0 Hopedale, au Labrador. Dix-sept postes de radar avaient \u00e9t\u00e9 install\u00e9s en Ontario, et vers 1965, ils avaient tous ferm\u00e9 leurs portes et ce, pour des raisons strat\u00e9giques et \u00e9conomiques. Puisque ces postes n'ont pas \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9saffect\u00e9s dans les r\u00e8gles de l'art, ils sont devenus des sources ponctuelles de contaminants dans le nord du Canada. En 2001, le poste 050 du r\u00e9seau mitoyen a fait l'objet d'une biorestauration. La Premi\u00e8re Nation de Fort Albany (situ\u00e9e pr\u00e8s du poste 050), le minist\u00e8re de la D\u00e9fense nationale et le minist\u00e8re des Richesses naturelles de l'Ontario avaient form\u00e9 un \"partenariat\" pour s'acquitter de cette t\u00e2che. Nous avons d\u00e9termin\u00e9 que du point de vue des Autochtones, un vrai partenariat (comme nous le d\u00e9finissons) a exist\u00e9 entre ces organismes. Il s'agissait d'un partenariat reposant sur des \u00e9l\u00e9ments essentiels de respect, d'\u00e9quit\u00e9 et d'habilitation. Nous montrons que ces \u00e9l\u00e9ments essentiels d'un vrai partenariat \u00e9taient pr\u00e9sents dans les premiers documents ayant trait aux efforts de biorestauration de ce poste de radar. La pr\u00e9sente \u00e9valuation a pour but de fournir une perspective, une orientation et un cadre de r\u00e9f\u00e9rence \u00e9ventuel pouvant servir de mod\u00e8les \u00e0 d'autres partenariats et ce, dans le but de favoriser des relations de collaboration plus \u00e9troites entre les organismes autochtones et les gouvernements de tous les \u00e9chelons, surtout en ce qui a trait aux travaux de biorestauration des postes de radar abandonn\u00e9s\n      </p>", "Slushflows are rare phenomena in southeastern Canada. Here we report for the first time the occurrence of slushflows in a subalpine environment in eastern Canada (Mt. Albert, Gasp\u00e9 Peninsula, Qu\u00e9bec). Because nothing is known of their frequency-magnitude in the area, we reconstructed the chronology of slushflow events over the past century using dendrogeomorphic techniques based on impact scars, reaction wood and traumatic resin ducts. Slushflows contributed to the formation of a tongue-shaped accumulation of 17900 m&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt; at the outlet of a first-order drainage basin. The slushflow boulder tongue was composed of heterogeneous-sized, angular and unoriented clasts, which are markedly different from the sediments of an adjacent alluvial fan. Although movements were initiated above the subalpine forest limit, slushflows induced forest fragmentation along the treed slope. Three slushflow events were identified over the past century, in 1925, 1964 and 1988, respectively, which indicate exceptional initiation conditions and considerable geomorphic activity of individual events.\n      </p>", "The peoples in the arctic regions have experienced unprecedented cultural change in the last 40 years. The Dene, Metis, Samis, Athapaskans, Inuit and other aboriginal peoplein these regions have all seen their traditional lifestyles altered dramatically with the increased influx of southern peoples, with their baggage of modern technology, bureaucracy and assorted economic/political/social/cultural systems. This paper focuses on the Inuit regions of Alaska, northern Canada and Greenland, for the Inuit have experienced more cultural changes since 1945 than in any other concentrated time span before. Although the changes have often resulted in great human tragedies, such as suicide epidemics and alcoholism, many positive changes have also occurred, as shown by major events in the three Inuit regions examined, as well as the establishment of some cultural and educational institutions. The paper draws on interviews with contemporary Inuit leaders. It concludes that the Inuit culture is now in the process of being re-affirmed and will indeed be of increasing worldwide importance as the Arctic emerges as a new international and transnational region. /// Les peuples des r\u00e9gions arctiques ont subi des mutations culturelles sans pr\u00e9c\u00e9dent depuis quarante ans. Les Dene, les M\u00e9tis, les Samis, les Athapaskans, les Inuit et d'autres peuples aborig\u00e8nes de ces r\u00e9gions ont tous subi une modification spectaculaire de leurs modes de vie traditionnels devant l'afflux de gens du Sud d\u00e9barqu\u00e9s avec leur bagage de techniques modernes, de bureaucratie et de syst\u00e8mes \u00e9conomiques/politiques/sociaux/culturels assortis. Le pr\u00e9sent article se concentre sur les r\u00e9gions de l'Alaska, du Nord du Canada et du Groenland peupl\u00e9es par les Inuit, car ces derniers ont subi plus de changements culturels depuis 1945 que jamais auparavant. M\u00eame si ces changements se sont souvent traduits par de grandes trag\u00e9dies humaines, comme des \u00e9pid\u00e9mies de suicide et un taux d'alcoolisme \u00e9lev\u00e9, il en est \u00e9galement r\u00e9sult\u00e9 quantit\u00e9 de changements positifs. L'auteur analyse certains des \u00e9v\u00e9nements majeurs qui se sont produits dans ces trois r\u00e9gions peupl\u00e9es par les Inuit ainsi que l'implantation de certains \u00e9tablissements culturels et \u00e9ducatifs. L'article s'inspire d'entrevues men\u00e9es aupr\u00e8s de dirigeants inuit contemporains. Sa conclusion est que la culture inuit est en passe de se r\u00e9affirmer et rev\u00eatira de plus en plus d'importance \u00e0 l'\u00e9chelon mondial tandis que l'Arctique \u00e9merge comme nouvelle r\u00e9gion internationale et trans-nationale.\n      </p>", "Resident Canada geese (Branta canadensis) nest or reside in the temperate latitudes of North America. In past years, translocation-the capture and subsequent release of geese at distant locations-has been used to establish resident goose populations and to reduce nuisance problems. However, with new special hunting seasons designed to target resident Canada geese, we can now evaluate translocation as a management tool when hunting is allowed at release sites. We selected 2 study sites, representative of urban and suburban locations with nuisance resident geese, in central and western New York, USA. In June 2003, we translocated 80 neck-banded adult geese, 14 radiomarked adult females, and 83 juveniles 150 km east and southwest from urband and suburban problem sites in western New York to state-owned Wildlife Management Areas. At these same capture sites, we used 151 neck-banded adult geese, 12 radiomarked females, and 100 juveniles as controls to compare dispersal movements and harvest vulnerability to translocated geese. All observations (n = 45) of translocated radiomarked geese were &lt;20 km from release sites, in areas where hunting was permitted. Only 25 of 538 observations (4.6%) of radiomarked geese at control sites were in areas open to hunting. The remainder of observations occurred at nonhunting locations within 10 km of control sites. More translocated adult geese (23.8%) were harvested than control geese (6.6%; &lt;tex-math&gt;$\\chi ^{2}=12.98$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P = 0.0009). More translocated juvenile geese were harvested (22.9%) than juvenile controls (5.0%; &lt;tex-math&gt;$\\chi ^{2}=12.30$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P = 0.0005). Only 7 (8.8%) translocated adult geese returned to the original capture sites during Canada goose hunting seasons. Translocation of adult and juvenile geese in family groups may alleviate nuisance problems at conflict sites through increased harvest, reducing the number of birds returning in subsequent years.\n      </p>", "We used microsatellite markers, mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA), and satellite telemetry to infer the North American geographic origin and racial composition of Canada Geese (Branta canadensis) from newly colonized habitats in Greenland. Using likelihood-based assignment tests we determined that multilocus genotypes of Greenland Canada Geese were consistent with the hypothesis of origin from birds of the Atlantic Population breeding around southern Ungava Bay, Quebec, Canada. The Atlantic Population, based on previous studies of seasonal movements and demography, appeared to be reproductively isolated from the North Atlantic Population. We found that these two populations were genetically differentiated based on microsatellite allele and mtDNA haplotype frequencies. Findings of high levels of genetic discordance among North American breeding populations are consistent with migratory movements, despite high levels of distributional overlap of birds from the North Atlantic and Atlantic Populations during migration and on wintering areas. Findings based on genetic markers were concordant with satellite telemetry conducted during spring migration, which showed that birds destined for Greenland migrate through the southern Ungava Bay breeding colony. Genetic differences among these populations are useful for addressing other issues of ecological or management concern. /// Utilizamos marcadores microsat\u00e9lites, ADN mitocondrial (ADNmt), y telemetr\u00eda de sat\u00e9lite para inferir el origen geogr\u00e1fico en Norte Am\u00e9rica y la composici\u00f3n racial de los gansos Branta canadensis en h\u00e1bitats recientemente colonizados en Groenlandia. Mediante pruebas de asignaci\u00f3n basadas en verosimilitud, determinamos que los genotipos multilocus de los gansos de Groenlandia eran consistentes con la hip\u00f3tesis de origen de aves de la poblaci\u00f3n del Atl\u00e1ntico que se reproduce alrededor del sur de Ungava Bay, Quebec, Canad\u00e1. Con base en estudios previos de movimientos estacionales y demograf\u00eda, la poblaci\u00f3n del Atl\u00e1ntico pareci\u00f3 estar aislada reproductivamente de la poblaci\u00f3n del Atl\u00e1ntico Norte. Encontramos que estas dos poblaciones son gen\u00e9ticamente diferentes en t\u00e9rminos de frecuencias al\u00e9licas de microsat\u00e9lites y haplotipos de ADNmt. El hallazgo de altos niveles de discordancia gen\u00e9tica entre poblaciones reproductivas norteamericanas es consistente con los movimientos migratorios, a pesar de los altos niveles de superposici\u00f3n de las distribuciones de aves de las poblaciones del Atl\u00e1ntico y el Atl\u00e1ntico Norte durante la migraci\u00f3n y en las \u00e1reas de invernada. Los resultados basados en los marcadores gen\u00e9ticos concordaron con la telemetr\u00eda satelital llevada a cabo durante la migraci\u00f3n de primavera, la cual mostr\u00f3 que las aves con destino a Groenlandia migran a trav\u00e9s del sur de la colonia reproductiva de Ungava Bay. Las diferencias gen\u00e9ticas entre estas poblaciones son \u00fatiles para abordar otros asuntos de inter\u00e9s ecol\u00f3gico o de manejo.\n      </p>", "During the summers of 2000-2002, we used radio telemetry to document Eastern Prairie Population (EPP) Canada goose (Branta canadensis interior) brood movements and use of brood-rearing habitat. We compared these data with similar data collected in 1976-1978 (Didiuk 1979), prior to a significant increase in the size of the midcontinent light goose (lesser snow geese [Chen caerulescens] and Ross's geese [C. rossii]) population and consequent habitat alteration near Cape Churchill, Manitoba. Since the late 1970s, use of traditional EPP Canada goose brood-rearing areas by light geese has increased significantly near Cape Churchill, and the density of nesting EPP Canada geese has declined. Alteration of brood-rearing habitat has been hypothesized as a cause of the decline in EPP breeding density, as natal dispersal to more distant brood-rearing areas may influence future recruitment into the local breeding population. In 1976-1978, 20 (95%) of 21 radio-marked broods nesting in beach ridge/sedge meadow habitat moved to salt marsh brood-rearing areas; however, only 5 (19%) of 27 Canada geese, nesting in the same habitat, made initial movements to these traditional salt marsh brood-rearing areas in 2000-2002. In 2000-2002, 30 (75%) of 40 geese with broods made initial movements to beach ridge/sedge meadow habitat-10 of these broods eventually moved to salt-marsh habitats later in the brood-rearing period (x\u0304 date = 22 days postmedian hatch). Mean brood home range size from 2001-2002 in coastal and inland habitats nearly doubled compared to the mean brood home range size during 1976-1978. Eastern Prairie Population Canada geese currently use brood-rearing habitat other than the coastal salt marshes they used prior to habitat alteration resulting from foraging by light geese. A shift in the use of brood-rearing habitat could potentially reduce nest densities on the study area if first-time breeders nest closer to distant brood-rearing areas. The impact of alternative brood-rearing habitat on gosling growth and survival for EPP geese is unknown, but foraging in poorer quality brood-rearing habitat may also contribute to the observed decline in nesting density.\n      </p>", "Effective management of Canada geese (Branta canadensis) requires a reliable method to determine the population affiliation of geese in the harvest. We determined if stable isotope analysis of feather tissue could distinguish between migrant and resident populations. We obtained feather samples of migrants from Atlantic population of Canada geese in northern Quebec near Ungava Bay, Canada. We grouped resident population Canada geese as coastal residents and inland residents according to the habitats where they were captured in New Jersey. We analyzed for isotopes of carbon (\u03b4 13C), nitrogen (\u03b4 15N), and sulfur (\u03b4 34S). We found significant differences among migrants, coastal residents, and inland resident for all 3 isotopes. Combinations of isotopic ratios for the 3 elements resulted in unique patterns among groups of geese. We entered the isotopic ratios into a discriminant analysis using collection site as the grouping variable (migrants, inland residents, and coastal residents). We formed 2 significant functions that discriminated among the 3 groups 92% of the time. The first function accounted for most of the variance, and was highly influenced by the isotope ratios for carbon and sulfur. The results indicate that stable isotope analysis of primary feathers can provide a reliable means to discriminate between migratory and resident populations of Canada geese. Stable isotope analysis is a promising technique for identifying the breeding areas of Canada geese, but additional studies are needed to determine inherent variability over broad geographic areas.\n      </p>", "We evaluated morphometric discrimination models designed to use skull length to differentiate between giant Canada geese (Branta canadensis maxima) and interior Canada geese (B. c. interior). We found significant differences in mean skull lengths of interior Canada geese from 3 areas in James Bay (Duncan's multiple range test, P &lt; 0.05). Geese decreased in size with increasing latitude, but those from Akimiski Island did not fit this pattern, and were smaller than those from the adjacent mainland. Morphometric discrimination techniques appeared to work adequately in northwest James Bay and on Akimiski Island, but were less reliable in southern James Bay, where the largest interior Canada geese were found. Molt migrant giant Canada geese were apparent in all areas, but most were distinguishable by morphometric methods from interiors at all sites except southern James Bay. Detailed knowledge of geographic variation in body size will improve the usefulness of morphometric discrimination techniques for Canada goose research and management. We recommend the skull length models developed by Moser and Rolley (1990) for use in differentiating giant from interior Canada geese in much of the Mississippi Flyway, except where southern James Bay mainland geese occur.\n      </p>", "The Atlantic Coastal Action Program (ACAP) was established in 1991 by Environment Canada in Canada's four Atlantic provinces. Focusing on 13 designated areas, ACAP depends largely upon strong participation of local residents to manage coastal resources, as it attempts to build 'bottom-up' initiatives through the formation of stakeholder committees comprising a cross-section of community residents, local government officials and representatives from local businesses and academia. This paper reports the preliminary findings of research on ACAP, examining the growth of community participation in the Program and analysing the general development of the scheme. It concentrates primarily on three rural localities designated under ACAP, reporting interviews with local residents and analysing impacts upon local communities. It is suggested that, although participation in and awareness of the scheme by local residents is relatively limited, the groundwork has been laid for both more extensive community involvement and for further development of significant practical attempts to improve the quality of the environment. Much will depend on availability of funds once the 13 ACAP groups have prepared environmental management plans during 1996.\n      </p>", "We used molecular genetic markers and established statistical methods to estimate proportional contributions of subspecies and breeding populations to admixed wintering and migratory Canada goose (Branta canadensis) harvests. We compared harvest estimates across spatially and temporally explicit sampling intervals. We characterized 997 individuals from breeding populations in Canada representing interior Canada geese (B. c. interior; n = 4) and in Michigan representing giant Canada geese (B. c. maxima; n = 5) for 5 microsatellite loci. We determined that microsatellite loci coupled with maximum-likelihood methods provided accurate and precise proportional contribution estimates of samples from each subspecies and population. We first conducted simulation analyses and derived harvest estimates for unknown individuals representing a range of plausible harvest mixture scenarios using blind tests. Based on harvested individuals collected over a 4-year period (1993-1996), we found that the racial composition of Canada goose harvests varied significantly among years and across early, regular, and late seasons within a year. Harvest composition varied spatially between management areas in different regions and between managed and private lands in close (&lt;40 km) geographic proximity. Higher proportions of resident giant Canada geese were harvested during early hunting seasons and on private lands relative to migratory interior Canada geese. Harvest estimates suggest that individuals from different subspecies and populations are differentially abundant or susceptible to harvest at different times of the fall season, during different years, and populations across different geographic locations. Given that baseline genetics data are available for subspecies of management interest, genetic methods can provide harvest composition estimates at many spatial and temporal scales, including enumeration of statistical confidence.\n      </p>", "Objectives: This article examines those factors that make Canada an attractive market for American and Swedish producers of smokeless tobacco products. American smokeless tobacco manufacturers face a less than desirable future in their home market and apparently are looking beyond their borders for opportunities elsewhere. Although margins in the United States are still high, industry unit sales are flat and there is growing competition for market shares. Tax increases seem likely, and negative public and interest group attitudes towards the industry's targeting of young people are creating an increasingly difficult political and legal climate for tobacco companies. The Canadian market seems a natural choice for expansion. This article examines those factors that make Canada an attractive market for American and Swedish producers of smokeless tobacco products. Data sources: A review of the literature identified demographic, cultural, and marketing variables related to the uptake and continuation of smokeless tobacco use. Government and industry data on production, marketing, and consumption of smokeless tobacco products are presented. Methods: The Canadian and American markets are compared in terms of prevalence, consumption per capita, and marketing practices. Lessons to be learned from the well-orchestrated development of the American market in the past 30 years are examined. Canadian tobacco regulations are described. Strategies by which the increased exploitation of the Canadian smokeless tobacco market can be deterred are discussed. Conclusions: A long-term, independently financed strategy built around a national smokeless tobacco de-marketing organisation with a constellation of private local institutions is suggested as a means of combating smokeless tobacco marketing efforts.\n      </p>", "This paper explores stability and change in women's partnership histories since the late 1940s in Canada, the Netherlands, and the Russian Federation. Giddens' (1984) theory of structuration is used to understand how the social structure enables or constrains behaviour. Entire partnership histories are examined by applying a Markov and semi-Markov multistate approach to investigate the type, timing, duration, and complexity of partnerships. Results show earlier union formation for younger cohorts in the Russian Federation compared to postponement trends in the other countries. Cohabitation appears to increasingly serve as an alternative to marriage, particularly in Canada. When facilitated by the social structure, divorce levels are high (Russian Federation, Canada). Widowhood in the Russian Federation persists even among younger women. Re-partnering is the highest in the Russian Federation, with post-marital cohabitation gaining ground in Canada. Partnership histories are increasingly complex in the Netherlands and particularly Canada but remain stable in the Russian Federation. /// Cet article s'int\u00e9resse aux changements intervenus dans les histoires conjugales des femmes depuis la fin des ann\u00e9es 1940 au Canada, aux Pays-Bas et en Russie. Il s'appuie sur la th\u00e9orie de la structuration de Giddens (1984) pour comprendre comment les structures sociales permettent ou contraignent les comportements. Une approche multi-\u00e9tats de type Markov et semi-Markov est appliqu\u00e9e \u00e0 des histoires conjugales compl\u00e8tes pour analyser le type, le calendrier, la dur\u00e9e et la complexit\u00e9 des relations entre partenaires. On observe une formation des unions plus pr\u00e9coce pour les g\u00e9n\u00e9rations les plus r\u00e9centes en Russie alors que dans les autres pays la tendance \u00e0 retarder l'entr\u00e9e en union se poursuit. La cohabitation appara\u00eet de plus en plus comme une alternative au mariage, notamment au Canada. Quand les structures sociales le facilitent, les niveaux de divorce sont \u00e9lev\u00e9s (Russie, Canada). Le veuvage est encore fr\u00e9quent chez les jeunes femmes en Russie. La remise en couple est particuli\u00e8rement fr\u00e9quente en Russie tandis que la cohabitation apr\u00e8s un premier mariage gagne du terrain au Canada. Les histoires de couples deviennent de plus en plus complexes aux Pays-Bas et surtout au Canada \u00e0 l'inverse de la Russie o\u00f9 elles n'ont pas chang\u00e9.\n      </p>", "Recently, First Nation (FN) organizations have entered into agreements with federal and provincial government representatives to remediate radar-line sites in Ontario. These agreements stipulated that FN people would take part in the site delineation and remediation process to gain job experience and economic benefits. One important aspect of the process was protecting FN personnel from contaminant exposure and thus, from potential negative health outcomes associated with the cleanup work itself. In this paper, we describe the safety precautions used by FN workers preparing Mid-Canada Radar Line (MCRL) Site 050 for Phase 2 of the delineation process and the health monitoring protocol that was tested. We measured concentrations of total polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs as Aroclor 1260), 14 individual PCB congeners, p, p' -DDT, p, p' -DDE, nine other organochlorine pesticides, and lead in the blood of Fort Albany FN workers before they started work at Site 050 and approximately a week before they completed their three-month work period in the contaminated zone. No significant differences were found in the paired samples. These results indicate that the safety precautions taken were adequate for the work and the site in question. The monitoring protocol discussed here may be used as a template and modified to meet the specific needs of other projects. The results of this study are important because other Aboriginal groups have entered or will be entering into agreements with government organizations for the remediation of other MCRL sites in Ontario and across Canada. /// Les stations de ligne radar d\u00e9saffect\u00e9es situ\u00e9es tant dans l'Arctique que dans le Subarctique canadiens seraient des sources ponctuelles de contamination. Des organismes des Premi\u00e8res nations ont particip\u00e9 derni\u00e8rement, avec des repr\u00e9sentants des gouvernements f\u00e9d\u00e9ral et provinciaux, \u00e0 des accords visant l'assainissement des stations de ligne radar en Ontario. Ces accords stipulaient que des membres des Premi\u00e8res nations prendraient part \u00e0 la d\u00e9limitation des sites et au processus d'assainissement afin d'acqu\u00e9rir de l'exp\u00e9rience de travail et de profiter des retomb\u00e9es \u00e9conomiques. Un volet important de ce processus visait \u00e0 prot\u00e9ger le personnel autochtone de l'exposition aux contaminants et donc, d'effets potentiels n\u00e9gatifs pour la sant\u00e9 associ\u00e9s aux op\u00e9rations de nettoyage m\u00eames. Dans cet article, on d\u00e9crit les mesures de s\u00e9curit\u00e9 utilis\u00e9es par les travailleurs autochtones oeuvrant sur le site 050 de la ligne radar Mid-Canada durant la phase 2 du processus de d\u00e9limitation, ainsi que le protocole de contr\u00f4le de la sant\u00e9 mis alors \u00e0 l'essai. On a mesur\u00e9 les concentrations de l'accumulation de diph\u00e9nyles polychlor\u00e9s (PCB comme l'Arochlore 1260), de 14 cong\u00e9n\u00e8res de PCB, de p, p'-DDT, de p,p'-DDE, de neuf autres pesticides organochlor\u00e9s ainsi que de plomb dans le sang des travailleurs autochtones de Fort Albany avant qu'ils commencent \u00e0 travailler au site 050 et une semaine environ avant qu'ils terminent leur p\u00e9riode de travail de trois mois dans la zone contamin\u00e9e. On n'a pas trouv\u00e9 de diff\u00e9rences significatives entre les \u00e9chantillons appari\u00e9s. Ces r\u00e9sultats r\u00e9v\u00e8lent que les mesures de s\u00e9curit\u00e9 prises \u00e9taient ad\u00e9quates pour le travail et le site en question. Le protocole de contr\u00f4le discut\u00e9 ici pourrait servir de mod\u00e8le et \u00eatre adapt\u00e9 pour r\u00e9pondre aux crit\u00e8res sp\u00e9cifiques d'autres projets. Les r\u00e9sultats de cette \u00e9tude sont importants car d'autres groupes autochtones participent actuellement ou vont participer \u00e0 des accords avec des agences gouvernementales visant l'assainissement d'autres sites de la ligne radar Mid-Canada en Ontario et \u00e0 travers le Canada.\n      </p>", "Knowledge of breeding bird distribution and abundance in the Canadian Arctic remains rudimentary for many species, particularly for shorebirds and songbirds. To help fill this gap, randomly selected plots were surveyed on the northwestern coast of the Ungava Peninsula, Quebec, Canada, during 2002. Thirty-eight species were recorded at 34 sites, where small songbirds were much more frequent than shorebirds. Breeding waterbirds were more abundant at low elevations near the coast, and songbirds tended to be more abundant at higher elevations. A high occurrence of nesting hawks and owls was probably the result of a high lemming population. Information from the survey extended the known breeding ranges of green-winged teal, spotted sandpiper, pectoral sandpiper, dunlin, American golden-plover, Wilson's snipe, and short-eared owl. Further work on the Ungava Peninsula would likely document additional Arctic-breeding bird species. A more thorough knowledge of Arctic-breeding bird distribution will be needed to determine how species might be affected by global climate change. /// La connaissance de la r\u00e9partition et de l'abondance des oiseaux nicheurs dans l'Arctique canadien demeure rudimentaire pour bien des esp\u00e8ces, surtout pour les oiseaux de gr\u00e8ve et les oiseaux chanteurs. Dans le but de combler ce vide, des parcelles choisies au hasard ont \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9tudi\u00e9es sur la c\u00f4te nord-ouest de la p\u00e9ninsule de l'Ungava, dans la province de Qu\u00e9bec, au Canada, en 2002. Trentre-huit esp\u00e8ces ont \u00e9t\u00e9 consign\u00e9es dans 34 sites, o\u00f9 les oiseaux chanteurs se retrouvaient beaucoup plus souvent que les oiseaux de gr\u00e8ve. Les oiseaux aquatiques nicheurs \u00e9taient beaucoup plus abondants en basse altitude pr\u00e8s de la c\u00f4te, tandis que les oiseaux chanteurs avaient tendance \u00e0 \u00eatre plus abondants en haute altitude. Une grande quantit\u00e9 de faucons et de hiboux nicheurs d\u00e9coule probablement d'une forte population en lemmings. Les renseignements recueillis \u00e0 partir de l'\u00e9tude ont permis d'\u00e9tendre les \u00e9chelles de reproduction des sarcelles \u00e0 ailes vertes, des chevaliers branlequeues, des b\u00e9casseaux variables, des b\u00e9casseaux \u00e0 poitrine cendr\u00e9e, des pluviers dor\u00e9s, des b\u00e9cassines ordinaires et des hiboux des marais. D'autres recherches dans la p\u00e9ninsule de l'Ungava permettraient vraisemblablement d'obtenir des renseignements sur d'autres esp\u00e8ces d'oiseaux nicheurs de l'Arctique. La connaissance plus pouss\u00e9e de la r\u00e9partition des oiseaux nicheurs de l'Arctique s'impose si nous voulons d\u00e9terminer comment les esp\u00e8ces seront touch\u00e9es par le changement climatique \u00e0 l'\u00e9chelle mondiale.\n      </p>", "Aim: To map net primary productivity (NPP) over the Canadian landmass at 1-km resolution. Location: Canada. Methods: A simulation model, the Boreal Ecosystem Productivity Simulator (BEPS), has been developed. The model uses a sunlit and shaded leaf separation strategy and a daily integration scheme in order to implement an instantaneous leaf-level photosynthesis model over large areas. Two key driving variables, leaf area index (every 10 days) and land cover type (annual), are derived from satellite measurements of the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR). Other spatially explicit input data are also prepared, including daily meteorological data (radiation, precipitation, temperature, and humidity), available soil water holding capacity (AWC) and forest biomass. The model outputs are compared with ground plot data to ensure that no significant systematic biases are created. Results: The simulation results show that Canada's annual net primary production was 1.22 Gt C year-1 in 1994, 78% attributed to forests, mainly the boreal forest, without considering the contribution of the understorey. The NPP averaged over the entire landmass was \u223c 140 g C m-2 year-1 in 1994. Geographically, NPP varied greatly among ecozones and provinces/territories. The seasonality of NPP is characterized by strong summer photosynthesis capacities and a short growing season in northern ecosystems. Conclusions: This study is the first attempt to simulate Canada-wide NPP with a process-based model at 1-km resolution and using a daily step. The statistics of NPP are therefore expected to be more accurate than previous analyses at coarser spatial or temporal resolutions. The use of remote sensing data makes such simulations possible. BEPS is capable of integrating the effects of climate, vegetation, and soil on plant growth at a regional scale. BEPS and its parameterization scheme and products can be a basis for future studies of the carbon cycle in mid-high latitude ecosystems.\n      </p>", "Until recently in Newfoundland, southern Labrador and an adjoining part of Qu\u00e9bec, many of the coastal fishing population regularly migrated to the forests or other zones for the winter. The principal motivations were: firewood, shelter, hunting, fur-trapping and fishery gear production. This was one of several forms of seasonal migration by families and communities that characterized the area for nearly three centuries. The practice, unusual among European settlers, was rooted in various environmental, economic and political features. It had important effects on the processes of adaptation and colonization in the region.\n      </p>", "Under field conditions, more photoassimilate moved to roots of Canada thistle at the bolt than at the bud, flower, or postflower stages. Similarly, greater photoassimilate accumulated in roots of Canada thistle in the greenhouse at the rosette and bolt than at the flower bud stage. Growth chamber experiments indicated that environmental conditions typical of fall, and possibly early spring, favored photoassimilate movement to the root and superseded growth stage control of assimilate partitioning. Allocation of assimilate within the root was strongly influenced by growth stage, with most assimilate being utilized for growth at the rosette stage and for fructan reserves in bolt and flower bud stages.\n      </p>", "Declining numbers of Atlantic Population (AP) Canada geese (Branta canadensis) resulted in the closure of the regular Canada goose hunting season in 1995 in the provinces of Quebec and southeastern Ontario, Canada, and all Atlantic Flyway states except West Virginia and northwestern Pennsylvania. We attached satellite-tracked radiotransmitters to 34 adult females in 1996 and 1997 to refine our understanding of movements to and from the breeding ground in northern Quebec. Geese breeding near the coasts of Hudson Bay and northern Ungava Bay migrated through western Quebec, southeastern Ontario, and central New York to wintering areas in the Chesapeake-Delaware Bay region of the Atlantic Coast. Geese nesting in the southern Ungava Bay region migrated through central Quebec to the Lake Champlain-Hudson River drainage area of eastern New York and the western section of the New England states. Their winter terminus was primarily north of 40\u00b0 latitude. Both fall and spring migratious were highly synchronized. Geese left the breeding range in late September and were not available for sport harvest in Canada and the United States until October. All birds were on their winter range by midto late October. Spring migration began in late February from the Chesapeake-Delaware Bay region, with birds staying in central New York and southeastern Ontario during March and April. A major movement north occurred in early May 1997 and 1998, with birds arriving on their breeding grounds within 1-2 weeks. Limited opportunity for subsistence harvest was detected during spring and fall migration periods. Our data support the use of experimental hunting seasons in September and late winter to reduce numbers of resident Canada geese while minimizing the incidental harvest of AP geese.\n      </p>", "Geographical gradients in the stability of cyclic populations of herbivores and their predators may relate to the degree of specialization of predators. However, such changes are usually associated with transition from specialist to generalist predator species, rather than from geographical variation in dietary breadth of specialist predators. Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis) and snowshoe hare (Lepus americanus) Populations undergo cyclic fluctuations in northern parts of their range, but cycles are either greatly attenuated or lost altogether in the southern boreal forest where prey diversity is higher. We tested the influence of prey specialization on population cycles by measuring the stable carbon and nitrogen isotope ratios in lynx and their prey, estimating the contribution of hares to lynx diet across their range, and correlating this degree of specialization to the strength of their population cycles. Hares dominated the lynx diet across their range, but specialization on hares decreased in southern and western populations. The degree of specialization correlated with cyclic signal strength indicated by spectral analysis of lynx harvest data, but overall variability of lynx harvest (the standard deviation of natural-log-transformed harvest numbers) did not change significantly with dietary specialization. Thus, as alternative prey became more important in the lynx diet, the fluctuations became decoupled from a regular cycle but did not become less variable. Our results support the hypothesis that alternative prey decrease population cycle regularity but emphasize that such changes may be driven by dietary shifts among dominant specialist predators rather than exclusively through changes in the predator community.\n      </p>", "Alexander von Humboldt's influence in British North America during the nineteenth century was filtered mainly through British imperial applications of \"Humboldtian\" sciences, including geomagnetism and biogeography. The best-known examples include Edward Sabine and John Henry Lefroy, Royal Artillery officers who, during the 1830s and 1840s, transformed British North American outposts and territories, including Rupert's Land, into Humboldtian sites and regions in Great Britain's imperial \"magnetic crusade.\" Important groundwork had already been laid by John Richardson, who applied data accrued during John Franklin's overland Arctic expeditions during the 1820s to systematize Humboldtian inquiries into the habitability of Canada's Great Northwest. Despite both the relative decline of Humboldtian sciences by midcentury and Humboldt's own reservations about the political ramifications of his science, his \"cosmic\" outlook circulated in Canada to refine territorial expansionists' scientistic arguments justifying annexation of Rupert's Land after the monopoly of the Hudson's Bay Company expired in 1869.\n      </p>", "Studies were conducted to determine if mesotrione alone or in mixtures with low rates of atrazine would control Canada thistle. In the field, mesotrione applied alone did not adequately control Canada thistle, although smaller plants in the rosette stage of growth were more susceptible than plants in the bolting stage. A mixture of mesotrione at 105 g ai ha\u207b\u00b9 and atrazine at 280 g ai ha\u207b\u00b9 improved control of Canada thistle over that with mesotrione alone. In the greenhouse, mixtures of mesotrione plus atrazine at 560 g ha\u207b\u00b9 reduced Canada thistle regrowth more than mesotrione alone or mesotrione plus 280 g ha\u207b\u00b9 atrazine. Mesotrione plus atrazine mixtures increased the rate of tissue necrosis compared with the slower development of bleaching symptoms normally associated with mesotrione alone. Uptake, translocation, and metabolism of \u00b9\u2074C-mesotrione in Canada thistle were generally slow, and results did not explain the increased control associated with mesotrione plus atrazine mixtures. However, levels of absorption and translocation and reduced root metabolism of mesotrione in rosette stage plants compared with bolting plants may explain the greater susceptibility to mesotrione in the rosette stage. The changes in symptomology and increased control with mixtures of mesotrione and atrazine were likely due to the interrelationship between the modes of action of these herbicides.\n      </p>", "Few studies have addressed patterns and causes of species endangerment at different resolutions and geographical extents. Using newly developed remote sensing and species distribution data sets, we examined the influence of both natural and anthropogenic factors on the density of terrestrial endangered species in Canada at two spatial scales. The first was at a national extent and the second was within a region of Canada (the mixed wood plains) where there are particularly large numbers of endangered species. We also examined the distribution of protected areas throughout Canada to determine their capacity to shelter endangered species. Land use, which is measured by 1-km resolution satellite data, is a strong predictor of endangered species densities at both scales of analysis. Land use integrates information on habitat loss to agriculture and land use intensity, an index of agricultural pollution. The amount of protected area in a region is unrelated to endangered species numbers except to the extent that areas with the most endangered species are, at best, nearly devoid of protected area. Newly legislated protections for endangered species are unlikely to bring much improvement to this conservation dilemma. Canada's endangered species legislation promotes cooperative conservation activities in areas where species endangerment is most pronounced but does little to protect remaining habitat.\n      </p>", "Expanding populations of resident Canada geese (Branta canadensis) are resulting in increased conflicts with humans. Nonlethal and humane means are needed for managing Canada goose flocks at a variety of sites, including golf courses, industrial parks, government sites, and city parks. Decreased egg production and hatching are side effects of nicarbazin, a veterinary drug used to treat coccidiosis in chickens. Capitalizing on these effects, we developed nicarbazin as a reproductive inhibitor for Canada geese and conducted a field efficacy study. We recruited study sites in 2002 and 2003. Following laboratory testing, we conducted a field efficacy trial of nicarbazin for reducing the hatchability of Canada goose eggs in spring 2004 in Oregon, USA. The study began in February 2004 at 10 sites in Oregon, with 2 control and 3 treated sites on each side of the Cascades. We fed bait daily to resident Canada geese for approximately 6 weeks. We located and monitored nests until hatching or \u22655 days beyond the expected hatching date to determine hatchability. We completed data collection in May 2004. Geese consumed 8,000 kg of bait, with 5,100 kg of OvoControl G\u00ae (Innolytics, LLC, Rancho Santa Fe, CA) 2,500-ppm nicarbazin bait consumed among 6 treated sites and 2,900 kg of untreated bait consumed among 4 control sites. We monitored 63 nests at treated sites and 46 nests at control sites to determine hatching success of eggs. There was a 62% reduction in the percentage of nests with 100% hatchability at treated sites as compared to controls. There was a 93 % increase in the percentage of nests at treated sites with 0% hatchability as compared to nests with no eggs hatching at control sites. Hatchability from treated sites versus control sites was reduced 36% (F= 5.72, P= 0.0622). We submitted results from this study to support Environmental Protection Agency registration of nicarbazin as a reproductive inhibitor for use in Canada geese. We have shown that treatment of resident Canada geese with OvoControl G 2,500-ppm nicarbazin bait by licensed, trained applicators immediately prior to and during the breeding season can reduce hatchability of eggs laid by treated geese, thereby reducing recruitment of goslings into problem resident Canada goose populations.\n      </p>", "Background: Canadians spent almost $15 billion, over $460 per capita, on prescription drugs in 2002, yet there is little published evidence regarding the nature and causes of these expenditures. Objective: The objective of this study was to describe the nature and determinants of prescription drug expenditures in Canada during a recent period of rapid expenditure inflation, 1998 to 2002. Research Design: Trends in overall expenditures and investment in specific therapeutic categories are decomposed using nonstochastic index-theoretical methods. Measures: Changes in per capita expenditures on oral solid prescription drugs are attributed to the cost-impact of changes in the 6 determinants that fall into 3 broad categories: volume effects, price effects, and therapeutic choices. Results: A majority of spending was concentrated among only 5 therapeutic classes. After adjusting for generic drug use, prices for unchanged drugs declined over the period of analysis. Increased utilization of prescription drugs explained over half of the overall increase in per capita spending. Changes in therapeutic choice also contributed to cost increases. Conclusions: Findings suggest that the combined affect of federal price regulations, provincial price freezes, and generic substitution policies are controlling price-related determinants of drug spending in Canada. However, the cost-impact of increased drug utilization and changes in therapeutic choices illustrate the potential pitfalls of cost-management strategies that focus primarily on prices.\n      </p>", "We studied den selection of Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis; hereafter lynx) at multiple ecological scales based on 57 dens from 19 females located in western Montana, USA, between 1999 and 2006. We considered 3 spatial scales in this analysis, including den site (11-m-radius circle surrounding dens), den area (100-m-radius circle), and den environ (1-km radius surrounding dens). Lynx denned in preexisting sheltered spaces created by downed logs (62%), root-wads from wind-thrown trees (19%), boulder fields (10%), slash piles (6%), and live trees (4%). Lynx preferentially selected den sites with northeasterly aspects that averaged 24\u00b0. Average distance between dens of 13 females monitored in consecutive years was 2,248 m, indicating low den site fidelity. Lynx exhibited habitat selection at all 3 spatial scales. Based on logistic regression, den sites differed from the surrounding den areas in having higher horizontal cover and log volume. Abundant woody debris from piled logs was the dominant habitat feature at den sites. Lynx generally denned in mature spruce-fir (Picea-Abies) forests with high horizontal cover and abundant coarse woody debris. Eighty percent of dens were in mature forest stands and 13% in mid-seral regenerating stands; young regenerating (5%) and thinned (either naturally sparse or mechanically thinned) stands with discontinuous canopies (2%) were seldom used. Female lynx selected den areas with greater spruce-fir tree basal area, higher horizontal cover, and larger-diameter trees compared to random locations within their home range. Lynx selected den environs in topographically concave or drainage-like areas, and farther from forest edges than random expectation. Maintaining mature and mid-seral regenerating spruce-fir forests with high horizontal cover and abundant woody debris would be most valuable for denning when located in drainages or in concave, drainage-like basins. Management actions that alter spruce-fir forests to a condition that is sparsely stocked (e.g., mechanically thinned) and with low canopy closure (&lt;50%) would create forest conditions that are poorly suitable for lynx denning.\n      </p>", "We studied movements and survival of 250 female giant Canada geese (Branta canadensis maxima) marked during incubation with either satellite-monitored platform transmitting terminals or very high frequency radiotransmitters at 27 capture areas in southern Michigan, USA, in 2000-2003. We destroyed nests of 168 radiomarked females by removing eggs after day 14 of incubation, and we left nests of 82 incubating hens undisturbed after capture and marking. Of females whose nests we experimentally destroyed, 80% subsequently migrated from breeding areas to molt remiges in Canada. Among 82 nests left undisturbed, 37 failed due to natural causes and 51% of those females departed. Migration incidence of birds that nested in urban parks was low (23%) compared with migration incidence of birds that nested in other classes of land use (87%). Departure of females from their breeding areas began during the second and third weeks of May, and most females departed during the last week of May and first week of June. Based on apparent molting locations of 227 marked geese, birds either made long-distance migratory movements &gt;900 km, between latitudes 51\u00b0 and 64\u00b0 N, or they remained on breeding areas. Molting locations for 132 migratory geese indicated 4 primary destinations in Canada: Western Ungava Peninsula and offshore islands, Cape Henrietta Maria, Northeast James Bay and offshore islands, and Belcher Islands, Hudson Bay, Canada. Following molt of remiges, Canada geese began to return to their former nesting areas from 20 August through 3 September, with 37% arriving on or before 15 September and 75% arriving on or before 1 October. Migration routes of geese returning to spring breeding areas were relatively indirect compared with direct routes taken to molting sites. Although overall survival from May through November was 0.81 (95% CI: 0.74-0.88), survival of migratory geese marked on breeding sites where birds could be hunted was low (0.60; 95% CI: 0.42-0.75) compared with high survival of birds that remained resident where hunting was restricted (0.93; 95% CI: 0.84-0.97). Nest destruction can induce molt migration, increase hunting mortality of geese returning from molting areas, and reduce human-goose conflicts, but managers also should consider potential impacts of increasing numbers of molt migrants on populations of subarctic nesting Canada geese.\n      </p>", "Many states have established special harvest seasons and hunting zones to target overabundant populations of temperatenesting Canada geese (Branta canadensis) and protect less abundant northern-nesting populations of Canada geese and cackling geese (B. hutchinsii). To meet management needs for spatially and temporally explicit harvest estimates, we utilized established methods of genetic stock identification and standardized harvest sample collections to estimate proportional contributions of cackling (B. b. hutchinsii) and Canada geese (B. c. maxima and B. c. interior) to 5 consecutive annual harvests (1998-2002) in Michigan, USA. Harvest samples (n= 2,272) were analyzed for several seasons at statewide, regional, and local spatial scales. We expanded upon previous studies that used genetic methods to monitor cackling goose and Canada goose harvests by analyzing harvests within regional and local goose management areas. Likelihood ratio tests were also employed to compare harvest composition among spatial and temporal sampling groups. Tests revealed that proportions of giant and interior Canada geese within local harvests varied significantly during the fall in different hunt zones of Michigan and during different time periods. Adaptive management of temperate-nesting and northern-nesting geese would benefit from accurate estimates of harvest composition, as provided by genetic-based methods. Quantification of changes in harvest composition as a function of variation in season opening date and duration, and bag limits can provide valuable insight into goose migratory behavior and population dynamics. Harvest composition estimates may be used to predict impacts of management prescriptions on mortality rates of specific breeding populations.\n      </p>", "Although a number of political psychologists are active in Canada, there has been relatively little self-conscious development of the field. This article brings together contributions from political science and social psychology in Canada in an attempt to identify aspects of Canadian distinctiveness in the field of political psychology, notably the balance between mainstream and eclectic tendencies.\n      </p>", "During the past 200 years, the breeding range of the Northern Fulmar (Fulmarus glacialis) has expanded dramatically in the eastern North Atlantic. In contrast, the establishment of breeding colonies of Northern Fulmars in the western North Atlantic has been a relatively recent occurrence, limited largely to southwest Greenland and Atlantic Canada. Northern Fulmars prospected at a number of locations in Atlantic Canada during the 1950s and 1960s, and breeding was confirmed at four locations in the region in the 1970s. However, no comprehensive estimate of breeding numbers has been undertaken in Atlantic Canada since these initial records were made. This paper documents new breeding and prospecting locations of Northern Fulmars at Gull and Ship islands and Cape St. Mary's, Newfoundland, Corossol Island, Qu\u00e9bec, and at Columbier and St. Pierre islands in St. Pierre et Miquelon. Estimates of the breeding populations at these and previously known breeding locations at Outer Gannet and the Gannet Islands, Labrador, and at Funk, Baccalieu and Great islands, Newfoundland, are presented and integrated in an Atlantic Canadian synthesis.\n      </p>", "A new species of the crab-spider genus Xysticus (Thomisidae), X. albertensis, is described from northern Alberta, Canada. Specimens are compared with those of three species that closely resemble them and live in the same geographical region, namely, X. chippewa Gertsch 1953, X. canadensis Gertsch 1934, and X. britcheri Gertsch 1934.\n      </p>", "Mountain resort communities in North America depend on tourism and recreation for their economic viability. Heavy recreation and other anthropogenic activities such as land conversion for development directly threaten mountain ecosystems. To maintain beneficial ecosystem services and preserve the characteristics that draw people to the area, there is much interest in setting aside conservation reserves. Historically, reserve networks have been selected in an opportunistic manner guided by local expert knowledge, but this method frequently results in networks that fail to be fully representative of biodiversity. More recently, systematic reserve selection tools have been developed for conservation planning at national or regional scales. This science-based approach has great appeal to local planners, as it has the potential to be very effective and efficient. Systematic tools have not been used for reserve selection at small scales and their merit in community planning is unknown. Here we present the results of a case study in which we used systematic software to select a conservation reserve network in the Resort Municipality of Whistler, Canada. We describe the Whistler area ecosystems and potential threats, and examine the suitability of systematic reserve selection tools for mountain resort planning. After considering factors such as the discrepancy between scales of planning and geographic data, data quality, and expected delays in designation of reserves, we suggest that systematic reserve selection tools should be used with caution, and only in conjunction with local expert knowledge.\n      </p>", "Establishing whether conditions are suitable for reproduction would help determine if immigration is necessary for Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis) to persist at the southern edge of the species range. We located den sites and monitored reproduction of radiocollared lynx in Minnesota from 2004 to 2006. Movement rates of denning females measured with Global Positioning System collars were similar to movement rates of lynx elsewhere. Female lynx with kittens used different habitat types in predenning, denning, and postdenning periods. Landscape composition at the scale of the foraging radius around a den site contained more lowland conifer, upland conifer, and regenerating forest than did home ranges or the area used by radiocollared lynx in Minnesota, USA. We used the spatial distribution of cover-type composition around known den sites to predict and map potential denning habitat in northeastern Minnesota. Techniques for identifying the spatial distribution of suitable denning habitat provide a biological basis for management actions that could enhance recovery of Canada lynx populations in the southern part of the species range.\n      </p>", "The Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis) is listed as a threatened species throughout the southern extent of its geographic range in the United States. Most research on lynx has been conducted in the western United States and Canada; little is known about the ecology of lynx in eastern North America. To fill critical knowledge gaps about this species, we modeled and mapped lynx occurrence using habitat and weather data from 7 eastern states and 3 Canadian provinces. Annual snowfall, road density, bobcat (L. rufus) harvest, deciduous forest, and coniferous forest were compared at 1,150 lynx locations and 1,288 random locations. Nineteen a priori models were developed using the information-theoretic approach, and logistic regression models were ranked using Akaike's Information Criterion (AIC) and by our ability to correctly classify reserved data (Kappa). Annual snowfall and deciduous forest predicted lynx presence and absence for a reserved dataset (n = 278) with 94% accuracy. A map of the probability of lynx occurrence throughout the region revealed that 92% of the potential habitat (i.e., &gt;50% probability of occurrence) was concentrated in a relatively contiguous complex encompassing northern Maine, New Brunswick, and the Gasp\u00e9 peninsula of Quebec. Most of the remaining potential habitat (5%) was on northern Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia. Potential habitat in New Hampshire, Vermont, and New York was small (1,252 km2), fragmented, and isolated (&gt;200 km) from known lynx populations. When federally listed as threatened in the contiguous United States in 2000, inadequate regulations on federal lands were cited as the primary threat to Canada lynx. However, the majority of potential lynx habitat in the eastern United States is on private lands and continuous with potential habitat in Canada. Therefore, lynx conservation in eastern North America will need to develop partnerships across national, state, and provincial boundaries as well as with private landowners.\n      </p>", "Canada thistle is resilient to many control tactics, especially in undisturbed sites. Such sites are suitable for slow acting biological control agents, such as the bacterium Pseudomonas syringae pv. tagetis (PST), because complete control is usually not required in the short term. A new method of introducing or intensifying PST infection of Canada thistle was investigated. Sap of naturally infected Canada thistle was extracted and applied in water plus Silwet L-77 organosilicone surfactant with a backpack sprayer to healthy Canada thistle plants in the field. Application variables of time of the season, spray volume, concentration, and frequency were studied. When practical field rates were applied, infected sap concentration and spray volume did not affect the level of disease observed. This suggests that PST applications could be practical at the field scale because a single application caused apical chlorosis. However, multiple applications proved beneficial because four consecutive weekly applications caused greater disease incidence (50%) than one or two applications (28% and 30%, respectively). Disease symptomology was greatest when PST was applied in mid-July rather than mid-June or mid-August. However, the levels of disease expression were not adequate to effectively suppress Canada thistle. Increased toxin production, either by finding ways to support higher PST populations or by selecting strains that produce more toxin per bacterial cell, would improve this system.\n      </p>", "We related winter habitat selection by Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis), relative abundance of snowshoe hares (Lepus americanus), and understory stem densities to evaluate whether lynx select stands with the greatest snowshoe hare densities or the greatest prey accessibility. Lynx (3 F, 3 M) selected tall (4.4-7.3 m) regenerating clear-cuts (11-26 yr postharvest) and established partially harvested stands (11-21 yr postharvest) and selected against short (3.4-4.3 m) regenerating clear-cuts, recent partially harvested stands (1-10 yr), mature second-growth stands (&gt;40 yr), and roads and their edges (30 m on either side of roads). Lynx selected stands that provided intermediate to high hare density and intermediate cover for hares (i.e., prey access) but exhibited lower relative preference for stand types with highest hare densities where coniferous saplings exceeded 14,000 stems/ha.\n      </p>", "Overwater nesting structures for ducks have been used primarily to increase mallard (Anas platyrhynchos) production where success of ground-nesting hens was low (&lt;15%), such as in the Prairie Pothole Region (PPR) in North America. However, managers have inquired about recommended numbers of nest structures for small wetlands (i.e., &lt;2 ha) based on duck-production and benefit-cost evaluations, but such data were not available. Therefore, we conducted an experiment in the PPR in Manitoba, Canada, in 2001 and 2002 to test the effects of different treatment numbers of nest structures/wetland (1, 2, or 4) and wetland area (\u22640.4 or 0.45-1.5 ha) on use of structures by nesting ducks, nest success, and number of ducklings produced, as well as to evaluate cost-benefits of the structures. Across duck species, mean use of structures by nesting hens increased 56% between years (&lt;tex-math&gt;$F_{1,107}=14.29$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P&lt;0.001); however, by year 2 use did not differ among treatment numbers of structures and averaged 78% (&lt;tex-math&gt;$t_{157}=-0.15-1.08$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P\u22650.28). Apparent nest success averaged 99% across treatment numbers of structures in 2001, but it did not differ among treatments (&lt;tex-math&gt;$F_{2,72}=0.93$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P=0.40) and decreased to an overall 48% in 2002, largely due to egg predation by corvids. Mean number of ducklings departing structures did not vary between years (&lt;tex-math&gt;$F_{1,54}=2.38$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P=0.13), but treatment number of structures influenced mean number of ducklings (pooled over 2001 and 2002) exiting structures (&lt;tex-math&gt;$F_{2,54}=4.54$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P=0.02). Mean numbers of ducklings departing 1 and 2 structures/wetland did not differ (&lt;tex-math&gt;$t_{54}=0.29$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P=0.77; pooled x\u0304=4.61 ducklings), but each respective mean was nearly twice that from 4 structures/wetland (&lt;tex-math&gt;$t_{54}=2.26-2.51$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P\u22640.03). Neither wetland area nor any interactions influenced any analysis (&lt;tex-math&gt;$F_{1-2,54-157}=0-1.11$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P\u22650.33). We concluded that 2 structures/wetland was cost-effective ($2.16/fledged duck [U.S.]) for consideration among other management strategies to increase nest success of mallards in the PPR; however, managers should monitor duckling production from structures to determine whether our initial recommendation from a single study area warrants change.\n      </p>", "Canada goose (Branta canadensis) harvest management depends on reliable estimates of harvest composition, and established genetic methods provide an alternative to traditional methods. We expanded upon previous genetic studies by comparing the utility of 6 nuclear microsatellite loci and mitochondrial (mtDNA) control region sequences for discriminating among giant (B. c. maxima) and interior (B. c. interior) populations in Ohio (USA) Canada goose harvests at both individual and population levels. Subspecies and populations exhibited greater differentiation in mtDNA $(F_{{\\rm ST}}=0.202)$ than microsatellites $(F_{{\\rm ST}}=0.021)$ , as would be expected based on differences in effective population size. Neither microsatellites nor mtDNA alone were sufficient for estimating harvest composition at the subspecies or population level in simulations and empirical blind tests using individuals of known origin; however, a combined microsatellite + mtDNA dataset yielded accurate and precise harvest derivations at the subspecies level. Both population-level mixed stock analysis and individual-level assignment tests provided accurate results, but a large proportion of birds could not be assigned with confidence at the individual level. We applied mixed stock analysis and the combined microsatellite + mtDNA dataset to Ohio's 2003-2004 harvest and found that interior populations accounted for 4.9% (95% CI = 1.7-8.0%) of the statewide early season and 9.3% (95% CI = 6.9-11.6%) of the regular and late-season harvested sample. These results suggest that maximum likelihood harvest derivations are highly dependent on the choice of genetic markers. Studies should only employ markers that exhibit sufficient variation and have been shown through simulations and empirical testing to accurately discriminate among the subspecies or management populations of interest.\n      </p>", "The Canada warbler (Wilsonia canadensis) is one of many common neotropical migrants whose populations are in decline across their range. Influences of habitat loss and degradation on breeding or wintering grounds have been postulated as possible causes, but few empirical data exist to support a specific cause. Based on previous studies linking abundances of Canada warbler and spruce budworm (Choristoneura fumiferana), we hypothesized that the Canada warbler may be influenced by a persistent decline in spruce budworm throughout the bird's breeding range, a hypothesis that has received little attention. This hypothesis makes 5 predictions: 1) budworm outbreaks and warbler detections should be spatially and temporally coincident; 2) the relationship between Canada warbler and spruce budworm outbreaks should be similar to relationships for other warblers known to be spruce budworm associates; 3) the relationship should be stronger than for warblers lacking an association with spruce budworm; 4) because temporal trends of both spruce budworm and Canada warblers have varied throughout Canadian provinces, declines in Canada warblers should be seen only in provinces where spruce budworm also declined; and 5) Variation in Canada warbler abundance should reflect Variation in supply of preferred habitat for the spruce budworm if habitat rather than budworm abundance is the key. Our analyses supported predictions 1-4, suggesting that Canada warbler may be even more dosely associated with spruce budworm than are known associated species, a phenomenon noted in the literature but previously unexplained. Prediction 5 was not supported, because budworm habitat (area of mature and older balsam fir [Abtes balsamea] and white spruce [Picea glauca]) remained constant in Ontario while warbler abundance declined. Although the correlative nature of these results precludes inference of a causal relationship between the declines of the Canada warbler and spruce budworm, we postulate that potential links may exist directly, where spruce budworm outbreaks provide elevated levels of insect prey items for breeding Canada warblers, or indirectly through changes in forest structure and composition following outbreaks. These results have implications when considering long-term trends in Canada warbler populations, because it may be impossible to alter population trends for species linked to the timing and magnitude of spruce budworm outbreaks.\n      </p>", "Lesser Canada geese (Branta canadensis parvipes) are indistinguishable from other subspecies of small Canada geese on the wintering grounds using current survey methods. Consequently, managers are unable to adequately measure their abundance. Without direct estimates of abundance, researchers often use estimates of vital rates that influence abundance (e.g., annual survival) to monitor potential impact of harvest on the population. Based on capture and re-sighting data records of 567 geese marked from 1994 through 1998, we calculated annual survival and recovery rates for different age and sex classes of white-cheeked geese staging in interior Alaska. We compared those survival and recovery rates with those of other neck-collared white-cheeked geese. The best approximating model allowed survival to vary by age class while holding Seber's recovery probability (r\u0302) constant over sex, age class, and time. We estimated annual survival to be 0.49 (SE = 0.05) for hatch-year geese and 0.68 (SE = 0.03) for after-hatch-year geese based on the weighted average of all models with a change in Akaike's Information Criterion adjusted for small sample size and lack of fit &lt;4. Estimates of annual survival of white-cheeked geese in this study are among the lowest and recovery estimates are among the highest for migratory populations of neck-collared geese. Low survival estimates of Canada geese in our study suggest that harvest rates may be higher than in many other populations. Surveys to estimate abundance or other population parameters such as reproductive success and recruitment are necessary to determine whether this population is self-sustaining. Furthermore, we recommend monitoring abundance and harvest of small white-cheeked geese east and west of the Cascade Mountain Range separately to better determine harvest pressure on white-cheeked geese wintering east of the Cascades.\n      </p>", "This article presents a concise, historical overview of university extension and continuing education in western Canada. It argues that, over the course of the twentieth century, the major universities in western Canada made three basic claims regarding the purposes of their extension and continuing education units. Prior to 1940, universities claimed that such units extended the resources of the university for the benefit of citizens not enrolled as full-time students. In the 1940s and 1950s, universities claimed that such units fostered social and economic progress. Since the 1960s, universities have claimed that such units existed to meet the lifelong learning needs of individuals. This article argues that the evolution of such claims reflected ideological and political-economic developments, such as the rise of wage labour as the primary means of making a living in the region.\n      </p>", "Aim: The study examined the potential for change in biome representation within Canada's national park system under multiple climate change scenarios and subsequent potential vulnerabilities in Parks Canada policy and planning frameworks. Location: The study was conducted for Canada's 39 national parks. Methods: The vegetation change scenarios were based on modelling results from the BIOME3 and MAPSS equilibrium process-based global vegetation models (GVM), run with multiple doubled-CO2 climate change scenarios. The six vegetation distribution scenarios were calculated at 0.5\u26ac latitude-longitude resolution and the boundaries of 39 national parks superimposed in a geographic information system (GIS). Park management plans and other planning documents were also reviewed as part of the analysis. Results: The proportional distribution of biomes in Canada's national park system was very similar (within 3% of area for each biome) using BIOME3 and MAPSS under the current climate. Regardless of the GVM and climate change scenario used, the modelling results suggest the potential for substantial change in the biome representation in Canada's national park system. In five of six vegetation scenarios, a novel biome type appeared in more than half of the national parks and greater than 50% of all vegetation grid boxes changed biome type. The proportional representation of tundra and taiga/tundra in the national park system declined in each of the vegetation scenarios, while more southerly biomes (temperate forests and savanna/woodland) increased (in some scenarios doubling to quadrupling). Results for boreal forest varied among the climate change scenarios. A range of potential vulnerabilities in existing policy and planning frameworks were identified, including the national park system plan, individual park objectives, and fire and exotic species management plans. Conclusions: Climate change represents an unprecedented challenge to Parks Canada and its ability to achieve its conservation mandate as presently legislated. Research is needed not only on ecosystem responses to climate change, but also on the capacity of conservation systems and agencies to adapt to climate change.\n      </p>", "Canada thistle is a noxious weed that occurs in a wide range of habitats and is difficult to control because of its extensive root system and prolific seed production. Here, we focused on estimating the level of genetic diversity between populations in North Dakota as a first step in examining diversity across North America. Two types of genetic marker, intersimple sequence repeats (ISSRs) and microsatellites were used. Both marker types resulted in polymorphic alleles suitable for assessing diversity. Analysis of molecular variance (AMOVA), molecular diversity analyses, and cluster analysis were conducted. Highly significant variation was detected between populations (P &lt; 0.01). The greatest variance recovered was between individuals within populations. Gene flow among populations in the Northern Great Plains was indicated by the presence of shared alleles between the North Dakota and Minnesota populations and in cluster formation. Multiple introductions and continued gene flow between populations has led to the continued success of Canada thistle as an invasive plant in North America.\n      </p>", "Seawater samples were collected in the water column of the Canada Basin and the Bering Sea from aboard the R/V Xue Long during August 1999. Activity concentrations of dissolved and particulate \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th were measured using beta counting techniques to quantify the scavenging and residence time of \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th and organic carbon export fluxes. Primary production (PP) and bacterial production were also determined in the study areas through in situ incubation experiments. Significant \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th scavenging was observed in the upper 100 m of the water column in both study areas, with up to 40% of \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th deficit found at Bering Sea stations and -15% of \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th deficit at the Canada Basin station. Measured PP decreased from ~12.5 \u00b5mol C/m\u00b3/h in surface water to near zero at ~100 m depth, with an integrated PP of 3.83 mmol C/m\u00b2/d in the Canada Basin. Bacterial production, on the other hand, was on the order of 2.0 mmol C/m\u00b2/d, which is up to 52% of the integrated PP. Particulate organic carbon export fluxes derived from \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th/\u00b2\u00b3\u0278U disequilibrium were ~1 mmol C/m\u00b2/d in the Canada Basin and ~10 mmol C/m\u00b2/d in the Bering Sea, with fluxes in the latter area being 5 to 10 times higher than those found in the Canada Basin. These export fluxes correspond to a ThE ratio (the ratio of \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th-derived export to primary production) of 0.26 for the Canada Basin and 0.7 for the Bering Sea. The higher ThE ratios in the study areas suggest a decoupling of production and particulate export in the high-latitude ocean. Ratios of to particulate \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th (\u00b5mol C/dpm) decreased consistently with increasing depth, suggesting that organic carbon is preferentially remineralized relative to \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th. Interestingly, the profile of particulate \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th in the Canada Basin showed a unique characteristic: particulate \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th activities increased with increasing depth, suggesting a continuous scavenging of \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th and a rapid settling rate of the particles. /// Au cours du mois d'ao\u00fbt 1999, on a pr\u00e9lev\u00e9 des \u00e9chantillons d'eau de mer dans la colonne d'eau du bassin Canada et de la mer de Bering depuis le vaisseau RV Xue-Long. L'activit\u00e9 volumique du \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th dissous et particulaire a \u00e9t\u00e9 mesur\u00e9e \u00e0 l'aide de techniques de comptage au rayonnement b\u00eata afin de quantifier le temps de balayage et le temps de s\u00e9jour du \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th et les flux d'exportation du carbone organique. On a aussi \u00e9tabli la production primaire (PP) et la production bact\u00e9rienne dans les zones d'\u00e9tude en r\u00e9alisant des exp\u00e9riences d'incubation in situ. Dans les deux zones d'\u00e9tude, on a observ\u00e9 un balayage marqu\u00e9 du \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th dans les 100 m sup\u00e9rieurs de la colonne d'eau, avec jusqu'\u00e0 40 p. cent de d\u00e9ficit de \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th aux postes de la mer de Bering et environ 15 p. cent au poste du bassin Canada. La PP mesur\u00e9e baissait d'environ 12,5 \u00b5mol C/m\u00b3/h dans l'eau de surface \u00e0 pr\u00e8s de z\u00e9ro \u00e0 environ 100 m de profondeur, avec une PP int\u00e9gr\u00e9e de 3,83 mmol C/m\u00b2/j dans le bassin Canada. D'autre part, la production bact\u00e9rienne \u00e9tait de l'ordre de 2,0 mmol C/m\u00b2/j, ce qui repr\u00e9sente jusqu'\u00e0 52 p. cent de la PP int\u00e9gr\u00e9e. Les flux d'exportation du carbone organique particulaire (COP) calcul\u00e9s \u00e0 partir du d\u00e9s\u00e9quilibre \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th/238 U \u00e9taient d'environ 1 mmol C/m\u00b2/j dans le bassin Canada et d'environ 10 mmol C/m\u00b2/j dans la mer de Bering, les flux dans cette r\u00e9gion \u00e9tant de 5 \u00e0 10 fois plus \u00e9lev\u00e9s que ceux trouv\u00e9s dans le bassin Canada. Ces flux d'exportation correspondent \u00e0 un rapport ThE (le rapport de l'exportation du COP d\u00e9riv\u00e9 du \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th \u00e0 la production primaire) de 0,26 pour le bassin Canada et de 0,7 pour la mer de Bering. Les rapports plus \u00e9lev\u00e9s de ThE dans les zones d'\u00e9tude sugg\u00e8rent un d\u00e9couplage de la production et de l'exportation de particules dans l'oc\u00e9an septentrional. Les rapports de COP au \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th particulaire (\u00b5mol C/dpm) diminuaient de fa\u00e7on uniforme avec l'augmentation de la profondeur, ce qui sugg\u00e8re que le carbone organique est remin\u00e9ralis\u00e9 pr\u00e9f\u00e9rentiellement par rapport au \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th. Il est \u00e0 noter que le profil du \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th particulaire dans le bassin Canada affichait une caract\u00e9ristique unique: l'activit\u00e9 du \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th particulaire augmentait avec la profondeur, ce qui sugg\u00e8re un balayage continu du \u00b2\u00b3\u2074Th et un taux rapide de s\u00e9dimentation des particules.\n      </p>", "There are more than 50 field stations in northern Canada. These are operated by governments, universities and private agencies. Although many have a particular disciplinary bias, such as marine science, meteorology, native studies, archaeology, limnology, glaciology or biology, most are available to all researchers as a base of operations. Approximately half of the stations are in the Northwest Territories, the remainder in the Yukon and northern parts of the provinces. A table is provided indicating seasonal availability, particular research emphases, level of services provided, accommodation available and ownership. There is no user charge at some stations; most levy a daily fee. The highest cost in 1987 was just over $200 (food and accommodation) per day for the station on the Ice Island, then located northwest of Axel Heiberg. The paper also contains mention of 25 circumpolar stations outside Canada and a bibliography. /// Il existe plus de 50 stations de recherche dans le Grand Nord canadien. Elles sont g\u00e9r\u00e9es par des gouvernements, des universit\u00e9s et des organismes priv\u00e9s. Si beaucoup de ces stations sont orient\u00e9es vers une discipline particuli\u00e8re comme les sciences marines, la m\u00e9t\u00e9orologie, les \u00e9tudes des populations autochtones, l'arch\u00e9ologie, la limnologie, la glaciologie ou la biologie, la plupart d'entre elles sont ouvertes \u00e0 tous les chercheurs comme bases d'op\u00e9rations. Environ la moiti\u00e9 de ces stations sont situ\u00e9es dans les Territoires du Nord-Ouest, le reste se trouvant au Yukon et dans les r\u00e9gions nordiques des provinces. On indique dans un tableau la disponibilit\u00e9 saisonni\u00e8re, les domaines de recherches principaux, le genre de services et d'h\u00e9bergement offerts, ainsi que l'organisme \u00e0 qui appartient la station. Il n'y a pas de frais d'utilisation pour certaines stations, mais la plupart pr\u00e9l\u00e8vent un tarif journalier. En 1987, le co\u00fbt le plus \u00e9lev\u00e9 \u00e9tait l\u00e9g\u00e8rement sup\u00e9rieur \u00e0 200 $ par jour (nourriture et h\u00e9bergement) pour la station de l'\u00eele de Glace, situ\u00e9e alors au nord-ouest de Axel Heiberg. L'article mentionne aussi 25 stations circumpolaires situ\u00e9es \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur du Canada, et il contient une bibliographie.\n      </p>", "Space use and movements of Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis) are difficult to study with very-high-frequency radiocollars. We deployed global positioning system (GPS) collars on 11 lynx in Minnesota to study their seasonal space-use patterns. We estimated home ranges with minimum-convex-polygon and fixed-kernel methods and estimated core areas with area/probability curves. Fixed-kernel home ranges of males ( $range = 29-522 km^2$ ) were significantly larger than those of females ( $range = 5-95 km^2$ ) annually and during the denning season. Some male lynx increased movements during March, the month most influenced by breeding activity. Lynx core areas were predicted by the 60% fixed-kernel isopleth in most seasons. The mean core-area size of males ( $range = 6-190 km^2$ ) was significantly larger than that of females ( $range = 1-19 km^2$ ) annually and during denning. Most female lynx were reproductive animals with reduced movements, whereas males often ranged widely between Minnesota and Ontario. Sensitivity analyses examining the effect of location frequency on home-range size suggest that the home-range sizes of breeding females are less sensitive to sample size than those of males. Longer periods between locations decreased home-range and core-area overlap relative to the home range estimated from daily locations. GPS collars improve our understanding of space use and movements by lynx by increasing the spatial extent and temporal frequency of monitoring and allowing home ranges to be estimated over short periods that are relevant to life-history characteristics.\n      </p>", "Objectives: Incidence rates of testicular cancer are increasing among postpubescent men. This suggests that putative exposures may operate early in life and have changed over time. The age at which endocrine activity accelerates (age at puberty) may be such an exposure. This study was undertaken to investigate the relationship between age at puberty and testicular cancer risk. Methods: A population-based case-control study was conducted in the province of Ontario, Canada which included males, aged 16 to 59 years, diagnosed with testicular germ cell cancer between 1987 and 1989, and age-matched controls. Data were collected on 502 cases, 346 case mothers, 975 controls, and 522 control mothers. Surrogate measures for age at puberty included age at starting to shave, appearance of hair, growth spurt, and voice change. Results: A protective effect of later puberty was evident for all four measures of puberty as reported by both subjects and mothers, and greater protection was conferred when the greatest number of later puberty events were reported. Risk associated with earlier puberty was inconclusive. Conclusions: As age at puberty is decreasing in the population, the proportion of boys experiencing the protective effect of later puberty may be diminishing. This may help explain the increasing incidence of testicular cancer.\n      </p>", "The interaction of cultivation and photoperiod on the initiation of Canada thistle rosettes, and the effect of growth stage on control of Canada thistle with glyphosate were determined in a series of field experiments. Under the natural photoperiod occurring in the southern Canadian Prairies, rosettes of Canada thistle were initiated by cultivation to remove the shoot growth during the last week of July. Regrowth remained as rosettes without any stem elongation and formed dense clusters of leaves. Application at the \"August rosette stage\" improved the effectiveness of the glyphosate treatment and resulted in consistent control of Canada thistle with less than half as much herbicide as recommended for control when applied at the bud-stage. The number of shoots of Canada thistle on plots treated with glyphosate was less than on the intensively summer-fallowed check plot. Check plots received 5 cultivations during the summer-fallow season. One year after application of glyphosate at the rosette stage, the reduction in shoot density was 99% compared to the summer-fallowed check. By year three, without glyphosate applications in years two and three, the benefits of applying glyphosate at the rosette stage rather than the bud-stage were very evident. When applied at the bud-stage the shoot density on plots treated with glyphosate at 2.25 kg ha\u207b\u00b9 was 24 m\u207b\u00b2 compared to only 10 shoots m\u207b\u00b2 when applied at the rosette stage, (35% vs 72% control). Glyphosate at 0.9 kg ha\u207b\u00b9 or less than half of the rate recommended for application at the bud-stage, applied to Canada thistle in the rosette stage, resulted in consistently fewer shoots 2 and 3 yr after treatment. Physical removal of shoot top growth, simulating an in-crop herbicide treatment, improved the consistency of control. Two years after application of 0.9 kg ha\u207b\u00b9 of glyphosate at the rosette stage, the control of Canada thistle was 98% compared to the summer-fallowed checks.\n      </p>", "The population of dusky Canada geese (Branta canadensis occidentalis; hereafter duskies) breeding on the Copper River Delta (CRD), Alaska, USA, has been in long-term decline, largely as a result of reduced productivity. Estimates of renesting rates by duskies may be useful for adjusting estimates of the size of the breeding population derived from aerial surveys and for understanding population dynamics. We used a marked population of dusky females to obtain estimates of renesting propensity and renesting interval on the CRD, 1999-2000. Continuation nests, replacement nests initiated without a break in the laying sequence, resulted only after first nests were destroyed in the laying stage with \u22644 eggs laid. Renesting propensity declined with nest age from 72% in mid-laying to 30% in early incubation. Between first nests and renests, mean interval was 11.9 \u00b1 0.6 days, mean distance was 74.5 m (range 0-214 m), and clutch size declined 0.9 \u00b1 0.4 eggs. We incorporated our renesting estimates and available estimates of other nesting parameters into an individual-based model to predict the proportion of first nests, continuation nests, and renests, and to examine female success on the CRD, 1997-2000. Our model predicted that 19-36% of nests each year were continuation nests and renests. Also, through 15 May (the approx. date of breeding ground surveys), 1.1-1.3 nests were initiated per female. Thus, the number of nests per female would have a significant, though relatively consistent, effect on adjusting the relation between numbers of nests found on ground surveys versus numbers of birds seen during aerial surveys. We also suggest a method that managers could use to predict nests per female using nest success of early nests. Our model predicted that relative to observed estimates of nest success, female success was 32-100% greater, due to replacement nests. Thus, although nest success remains low, production for duskies was higher than previously thought. For dusky Canada geese, managers need to consider both continuation nests and renests in designing surveys and in calculating adjustment factors for the expansion of aerial survey data using nest densities.\n      </p>", "Dramatic changes in wintering distributions of Canada geese (Branta canadensis) have occurred over the past 50 years in eastern North America. Declines in numbers of subarctic-nesting geese wintering in southern states, and increases in numbers wintering in northern regions, have resulted in a northern shift in winter distributions. In contrast, numbers of temperate-nesting geese have increased throughout eastern North America. Management efforts to control overabundant temperate-nesting flocks have included the establishment of special early harvest seasons in September. However, the effect of early seasons on survival and harvest of subarctic-nesting populations has not been documented. Understanding the timing of migration movements and the fidelity of subarctic-nesting flocks to terminal winter refuges in the Southeast also is necessary to design early harvest seasons that target temperate-nesting flocks and protect subarctic-nesting populations. We used recoveries of marked geese to estimate survival and harvest rates before and after implementation of early harvest seasons within the Mississippi Flyway during 1976-1999. In addition, we used observations of neck-banded geese from the Southern James Bay Population (SJBP) to evaluate the hypothesis that subarctic-nesting geese arriving prior to mid-December on several key terminal winter refuges in the Southeast (early arriving migrants) were more likely to return to those refuges in subsequent years than were migrants arriving after mid-December (late arriving migrants). September seasons during 1987-1994 were a minor source of mortality for subarctic-nesting populations and accounted for &lt;10% of their annual harvest mortality. The effectiveness of early seasons for increasing mortality of temperate-nesting flocks varied among the states we examined and was tempered by concurrent changes in state-specific harvest regulations during the regular harvest season. For SJBP Canada geese, annual fidelity to southeastern refuges was 10% higher for early arrivers than for late arriving geese. However, in any given year only 47-57% of the surviving geese were expected to return to the refuges the following year. Although early arriving migrants had higher survival and higher return probabilities than did late arriving migrants or geese that failed to return, numbers of geese wintering on southeastern refuges likely declined because &lt;60% of the surviving geese affiliated with the refuges would return in a given year and because of lower survival for geese that did not return to the refuges.\n      </p>", "There is much public focus in North America today on issues of corporate governance and ethics due mainly to the malpractice of several high profile corporate leaders and the negative impact of this on their corporation's stakeholders, employees and communities. This has caused a crisis of trust in the public and lead to much discussion on ways to prevent such unethical behavior by adopting new approaches through legislation and the structure of corporations. This article is not about introducing a new approach to corporate ethics and governance as there is much change already taking place. The National Quality Institute (NQI) in Canada offers a demonstrated and proven way, through the application of the Excellence Frameworks, of providing for good corporate guidance and ethical leadership practices. Organizations, which adopt a strategic focus on Excellence, attain great results and become healthy organizations, as their leaders understand the dynamic relationship and the balance that exists between \"employees, customers, and stakeholders\". These organizations build trust by acting responsibly. NQI works with many organizations in Canada that have a strategic leadership focus on organizational excellence utilizing the criteria in the NQI Canadian Excellence Frameworks for Quality and for Healthy Workplace. Organizations that take an integrated approach to Excellence also perform well in such areas as corporate social responsibility, employee health and customer satisfaction. This article has specific references to three organizations that have achieved Canada's prime recognition the Canada Awards for Excellence (CAE).\n      </p>", "The dusky Canada goose (Branta canadensis occidentalis) population has been in long-term decline, likely due to reduced breeding productivity, but gosling survival of this population had not been examined. We studied gosling survival in broods of radiomarked adult females on the western Copper River Delta, Alaska, USA, during 1997-1999 and 2001-2003. Survival estimates for dusky Canada goose goslings to 45 days (x\u0304 = 0.32) were below estimates from most previous studies of geese. Daily survival of goslings increased with age and decreased with date of hatch. Precipitation during the first 3 days post-hatch was negatively related to gosling survival and this effect increased with date. Annual estimates of gosling survival were positively correlated with annual estimates of nest success, suggesting overlap in factors affecting nest and gosling survival. Nest success probably also directly affected gosling survival, because survival decreased with hatch date and more broods hatched from renests during years with low nest success. Gosling survival appears to play an important role in limiting current productivity of this population. Management directed at increasing nest success would likely also improve gosling survival. We recommend additional research directed at examining sources of gosling mortality and the link between nest success and gosling survival.\n      </p>", "Field trials were conducted to evaluate the season long population dynamics and location (in leaf or on leaf surface) of an antibiotic resistant strain of the bacterium Pseudomonas syringae pv. tagetis (PST) applied to Canada thistle leaves. An application preceding 2 to 3 d of hot dry weather was compared to an application preceding 2 to 3 d of cool wet weather. Leaf samples were taken weekly to assess the population of PST found inside the leaves and on the leaf surface. While PST populations initially differed, populations were similar for both treatments one week after application. While this suggests that environment did not have a major impact, weather conditions for testing this hypothesis were not ideal. Over the first 35 d of the experiment, little rainfall was observed. PST populations were low and stable. However, rain events over the 40 d that followed resulted in great oscillations in mean PST populations and in some cases significant population increases. During dry periods, internal and total PST populations differed significantly, suggesting the external populations played a major part in population composition. However, the two sampling periods that closely followed three consecutive days of rainfall indicated internal populations were not significantly different from the total, suggesting that internal populations played the primary role in population composition. The results of this research provide evidence that rain events lead to overall PST population increases and to greater proportions of PST inside Canada thistle leaves, suggesting that it is better to apply PST during wet periods than dry.\n      </p>", "Geostatistical methods were used to describe and map nonrandom distribution and variation (standard deviation) of shoot density and root growth across a well-established patch of Canada thistle, a perennial weed. Semivariogram functions and kriging, an interpolation method, were used to prepare isoarithmic contour maps and associated error maps. Maps consisted of interpolated contours of uniform weed density and other measured or calculated regionalized variables between measured X-Y control points, as well as maps of error (standard deviation) associated with contour estimation. Mapped regions of greatest shoot density across a patch not only had the greatest underlying root biomass and, often, greatest density of adventitious root buds, but also had more deeply growing root biomass.\n      </p>", "The roles that diet and prey abundance play in habitat selection of Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis) in the contiguous United States is poorly understood. From 1998-2002, we back-tracked radiocollared lynx (6 F, 9 M) for a distance of 582 km and we located 86 kills in northwestern Montana, USA. Lynx preyed on 7 species that included blue grouse (Dendragapus obscurus), spruce grouse (Canachites canadensis), northern flying squirrel (Glaucomys sabrinus), red squirrel (Tamiasciurus hudsonicus), snowshoe hare (Lepus americanus), least weasel (Mustela nivalis), and white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus). Snowshoe hares (69 kills) accounted for 96% (4-yr average, range = 94-99%) of prey biomass during the sample period. Red squirrels were the second-most-common prey (11 kills), but they only provided 2% biomass of the winter diet. Red squirrels contributed little to the lynx diet despite low hare densities. A logistic regression model of snowshoe hare, red squirrel, and grouse abundance, as indexed by the number of track crossings of use and available lynx back-tracks, was a significant (Wald statistic = 19.03, df = 3, P &lt; 0.001) predictor of habitat use. As we expected, lynx (P &lt; 0.001) selected use-areas with higher snowshoe hare abundance compared to random expectation. However, the red squirrel index had a weak (P = 0.087) negative relationship to lynx use, and grouse was nonsignificant (P= 0.432). Our results indicate that lynx in western Montana prey almost exclusively on snowshoe hares during the winter with little use of alternative prey. Thus, reductions in horizontal cover for hares would degrade lynx habitat.\n      </p>", "Variations in the width of shore platforms were investigated within southern Wales, Gaspe in eastern Canada, and southern Japan. The strong, positive linear relationship between platform gradient and tidal range implies that platform width may be largely independent of tidal range, although regional negative correlations between platform gradient and width suggest that platforms become narrower with increasing tidal range.Platform width increases with wave intensity, and the widest platforms are oriented toward the dominant waves. The width of the platforms also decreases with increasing rock dip. A structural classification, based upon combinations of rock dip and strike, relative to the orientation of the cliff face, helped to explain variations in platform width in Canada and Japan. Changes in structural class induced by variations in coastal orientation may partially account for differences in the width of platforms on headlands and in embayments. Platform width is also influenced by the presence and type of cliff-foot deposits.\n      </p>", "Coal artifacts are occasionally excavated by archaeologists from Thule culture settlements (c. A. D. 1100-1700) in the Canadian Arctic and Alaska. This study examines two such artifacts from a Thule settlement located on the east coast of Axel Heiberg Island, Canada. One specimen has a p\u00e9trographie composition typical of a cannel shale, in which sporinite is the most abundant organic constituent; the other is characterized by Botryococcus-aiginite bodies typical of a boghead coal. Nearby exposures of Tertiary coal are generally woody and are not known to contain boghead layers or cannel shales. It is suggested that these artifacts may have their origin in Alaska, where boghead coal and cannel shales show strikingly similar p\u00e9trographie features. /// II arrive que des artefacts de charbon soient mis \u00e0 jour lors de fouilles arch\u00e9ologiques dans les sites de peuplement de la culture Thul\u00e9 (v. 1100-1700 apr. J.-C.) dans \u00c3 Arctique canadien et en Alaska. La pr\u00e9sente \u00e9tude se penche sur deux de ces artefacts provenant d'un site de peuplement Thul\u00e9 qui se trouve sur la c\u00f4te est de l'\u00eele Axel Heiberg, au Canada. Un des objets a une composition p\u00e9trographique typique d'un schiste saprop\u00e9lique, dans lequel la sporinite est le constituant organique dominant; l'autre artefact se caract\u00e9rise par la pr\u00e9sence d'organismes d'algimte-Botryococcus typique d'un boghead. Des affleurements voisins de charbon datant du tertiaire sont g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement ligneux et ne contiennent pas, \u00e0 ce que l'on sache, de couches de boghead ou de schistes saprop\u00e9liques. On sugg\u00e8re que ces artefacts pourraient venir de l'Alaska, o\u00f9 le boghead et les schistes saprop\u00e9liques offrent une similarit\u00e9 frappante des caract\u00e9ristiques p\u00e9trographiques.\n      </p>", "Understanding the long-term ecological dynamics of northern peatlands is essential for assessment of the possible responses and feedbacks of these carbon-rich ecosystems to climate change and natural disturbance. I used high-resolution macrofossil and lithological analyses of a fen peatland in western Canada to infer the Holocene developmental history of the peatland, to document the temporal pattern of long-term peat accumulation, and to investigate ecosystems responses to climate changes in terms of species composition and carbon accumulation. The peatland has been dominated by sedges and brown mosses during its 10,000-year history, despite interruption by tephra deposition. Peat accumulation rates vary by more than an order of magnitude and decline from 5500 to 1300 cal BP, resulting in a convex depth-age curve, which contrasts with the carbon accumulation patterns documented for oceanic peatlands. The synthesis of regional data from continental western Canada indicates that fens tend to accumulate more carbon than bogs of the same ages. These data suggest that the carbon sink potential of northern peatlands has varied dramatically in the past, so estimates of the present and projected carbon sink strengths of these peatlands need to take this temporal variation into consideration. Widespread slowdown of peat accumulation over the last 4000 years may have resulted from climate cooling in northern latitudes after the Holocene insolation maximum. The findings indicate that long-term peatland dynamics are modified by many local and regional factors and that gradual environmental change may be capable of triggering abrupt shifts and jumps in ecosystem states.\n      </p>", "The realignment thesis on gender voting in postindustrial societies argues that traditional voting patterns, where women compared to men were more supportive of center-right parties, are being replaced by a modern gender gap, where women are more likely than men to support parties of the left. Although this transformation is said to be driven by both structural and cultural factors, findings suggest value changes are the more important element. This article explores the realignment thesis in the Canadian context where realignment has been complicated by a multi-party system, brokerage politics, and differences between Quebec and the rest of Canada. Voting patterns from 1965 to 1997 suggest women's realignment from right to left has not been straightforward. However, in the 1990s we find more indication of a modern gender gap in Canada outside Quebec and findings that support the value thesis. In Quebec, gender differences did not conform to the modern gender gap model and overall, variability across elections in the pattern and correlates of gender voting illustrate the contingent character of this phenomenon. /// La th\u00e8se du changement par croisement dans le vote des hommes et des femmes dans les soci\u00e9t\u00e9s post-industrielles nous dit que le syst\u00e8me traditionnel qui situait les femmes au centre-droit et les hommes plus \u00e0 gauche a \u00e9t\u00e9 remplac\u00e9 par un nouvel ordre o\u00f9 ce sont les femmes qui sont maintenant plus \u00e0 gauche. Ce changement est attribu\u00e9 \u00e0 des facteurs structurels et culturels. Or l'\u00e9volution des valeurs semble aussi avoir un r\u00f4le \u00e0 jouer. Les auteures \u00e9tudient ces \u00e9volutions dans le contexte de la politique \u00e9lectorale canadienne, contexte rendu complexe par son multipartisme, par sa politique de courtage et par le clivage entre Qu\u00e9bec et le reste du Canada. L'analyse du vote f\u00e9minin de 1965 \u00e0 1997 r\u00e9v\u00e8le que le glissement des femmes de droite \u00e0 gauche n'est pas syst\u00e9matique. Un tel glissement, associ\u00e9 \u00e0 un changement des valeurs, se retrouve hors Qu\u00e9bec, mais non dans cette province.\n      </p>", "Because much of the information concerning disturbance of waterfowl by aircraft is anecdotal, we examined behavioral responses of Pacific brant (Branta bernicla nigricans) and Canada geese (B. canadensis taverneri) to experimental overflights during fall staging at Izembek Lagoon, Alaska. These data were used to develop predictive models of brant and Canada goose response to aircraft altitude, type, noise, and lateral distance from flocks. Overall, 75% of brant flocks and 9% of Canada goose flocks flew in response to overflights. Mean flight and alert responses of both species were greater for rotary-wing than for fixed-wing aircraft and for high-noise than for low-noise aircraft. Increased lateral distance between an aircraft and a flock was the most consistent predictive parameter associated with lower probability of a response by geese. Altitude was a less reliable predictor because of interaction effects with aircraft type and noise. Although mean response of brant and Canada geese generally was inversely proportional to aircraft altitude, greatest response occurred at intermediate (305-760 m) altitudes. At Izembek Lagoon and other areas where there are large concentrations of waterfowl, managers should consider lateral distance from the birds as the primary criterion for establishing local flight restrictions, especially for helicopters.\n      </p>", "Effective management techniques are needed to disperse Canada geese (Branta canadensis) and reduce the human-wildlife conflicts associated with high population densities. We evaluated the effectiveness of a motion-activated laser hazing system for repelling captive Canada geese. The system decreased occupancy of 8 pairs of geese on the treated subplot by 83% during habituation trials. When an additional pair of geese were added to the experiment, occupancy of the treated subplot decreased &gt;92% during each of the 20 nights of the extended habituation test. Avoidance (conditioned during the test) remained &lt;80% of pretreatment levels during the 2 days immediately following the habituation test but extinguished 3 days subsequent to the permanent inactivation of the laser hazing system. The motion-activated laser hazing system effectively repelled Canada geese in captivity. Additional field research is needed to determine the spatial extent of the laser hazing system and the effectiveness of the Doppler radar motion detector for repelling wild geese.\n      </p>", "The fossil pollen records from the sediments of thirteen lakes are used to reconstruct the postglacial spread and population expansions of Picea mariana (Mill.) B.S.P., Picea glauca (Moench) Voss and Pinus banksiana Lamb. across the western interior of Canada. The objective of this study was to examine temporal and spatial patterns in the growth of the populations and to determine if intraspecific and interspecific variations exist across a range of latitudes and elevations. Pollen accumulation rates (PARs) are estimated from pollen grain counts and sedimentation rates throughout the early- to mid-Holocene and are used to represent the population level at the time of pollen deposition. Exponential equations are used to calculate population growth rates. Three-dimensional diagrams (time, space, abundance) are constructed to illustrate range expansion and population growth. The rates of population growth varied from south to north for all three species. Pinus banksiana, on average, had slower population growth rates, and its expansion across the region began over 4000 years later and lasted approximately 1000 years longer than the two Picea species. All three tree taxa experienced reduced rates of population growth at northern high elevation sites. These variations are examined in light of the physical and biological environmental conditions which existed during postglacial range expansion and population growth.\n      </p>", "We compiled information about Mexican mammals in collections in the United States and Canada. There are 207,067 specimens of Mexican mammals in 78 institutions in these two countries. The number per institution ranges from 1 to 44,221 and 6 collections exceed 10,000 specimens each. These six collections have representatives of nearly all the mammalian species known from Mexico and also have materials from all Mexican states. The orders Rodentia and Chiroptera have the highest numbers of specimens; the orders Perissodactyla and Sirenia have the fewest numbers of specimens. Peromyscus and Perognathus are the genera best represented. Collections in United States and Canada are important to the knowledge of Mexican mammals.\n      </p>", "Dans cet article, j'analyse les chiffres sur la pauvret\u00e9 au Canada - la pauvret\u00e9 \u00e9tant \u00e9valu\u00e9e selon le revenu et selon le \u00ab panier de consommation \u00bb - en y incluant toutes les microdonn\u00e9es disponibles. De plus, outre les types de mesures standard, j'utilise un indicateur de pauvret\u00e9 relative dont le point de r\u00e9f\u00e9rence est le bien-\u00eatre des familles en \u00e2ge de travailler. Mes r\u00e9sultats montrent que la pauvret\u00e9 chez les personnes \u00e2g\u00e9es a rapidement diminu\u00e9 au cours des ann\u00e9es 1970 et 1980. Ensuite, durant les ann\u00e9es 1990, si la pauvret\u00e9 (mesur\u00e9e par rapport au revenu) a baiss\u00e9, c'est surtout parce que les revenus des familles en \u00e2ge de travailler ont augment\u00e9 plus rapidement que ceux des personnes \u00e2g\u00e9es. Depuis les ann\u00e9es 1980, on observe une nette am\u00e9lioration de la situation des personnes de 55 \u00e0 64 ans quand on utilise une mesure de la pauvret\u00e9 selon le revenu, sans que cela soit aussi visible dans les chiffres obtenus \u00e0 partir des mesures dites du \u00ab panier de consommation \u00bb. /// In this article, I extend the analysis of head-count measures of income and consumption poverty to all currently available microdata. Along with standard measures, I implement a relative poverty indicator using the well-being of working age families as a benchmark. I find that poverty among elderly families decreased sharply through the 1970s and 1980s. In the 1990s, relative measures of income poverty increased because non-elderly incomes have risen more quickly than elderly incomes. Since the 1980s, a sharp spike in income poverty has emerged between the ages of 55 and 64, with no counterpart in the consumption data.\n      </p>", "To position Canada as a world leader in the \"knowledge-based\" economy, in 2000, the Canadian government established a multi-million-dollar initiative to appoint 2,000 scholars as Canada Research Chairs (CRC). Women are seriously underrepresented among CRC research \"stars,\" and no data are kept for other equity groups. Eight women initiated a complaint with the Canadian Human Rights Commission in 2003 in an attempt to remedy inequities, and a national discussion has ensued over excellence and equity. We provide a brief outline of the CRC Program and demonstrate how it perpetuates a narrow conception of innovation and excellence, which further institutionalizes inequalities for women and faculty members from other equity groups in Canadian universities. We describe the strategy of the human rights complaint and remedies negotiated in the settlement of 2006. We argue for a broader conceptualization and contextualization of \"excellence,\" and for research not in the private, but the public good.\n      </p>", "Field margin weeds may contribute to the invasion and persistence of weeds in arable fields. Experimental studies of this hypothesis, however, have been inconclusive. We examined the role of field margin weed populations with a spatially explicit simulation model of Canada thistle population dynamics. We measured the contribution of field margin populations to weed pressure in the field across a wide range of parameter values and compared the weed control value of efforts applied to the field margin to that of similar efforts applied to the field. Under most combinations of parameter values, field margin weeds contributed little to weed pressure in the field, suggesting that controlling field margin weeds may often be of little value. Two conditions appeared to be necessary for field margin weeds to influence weed population dynamics within the field: the presence of unoccupied weed habitat, which increased the importance of dispersal to population growth, and high dispersal rates of field margin weeds relative to field weeds, which increased the relative contribution of field margin weeds to dispersal.\n      </p>", "Using maximum likelihood estimators (in genetic stock identification), we used genetic markers to evaluate the utility of 2 morphological measures (culmen length and plumage color) to correctly identify groups of hunter-harvested dusky (Branta canadensis occidentalis) and dusky-like Canada geese on the wintering grounds within the Pacific Flyway. Significant levels of genetic differentiation were observed across all sampled breeding sites for both nuclear microsatellite loci and mtDNA when analyzed at the sequence level. The ability to discriminate among geese from these sites using genetic markers was further demonstrated using computer simulations. We estimated contributions from the Copper River Delta, the primary breeding area of dusky Canada geese, to groups of hunter-harvested geese classified as dusky Canada geese on the basis of morphology as 50.6 \u00b1 10.1(SE)% for females and 50.3 \u00b1 13.0% for males. We also estimated that 16 \u00b1 8.1% of females classified as dusky Canada geese on the basis of morphology originated from Middleton Island, Alaska; a locale currently managed as a subpopulation of dusky Canada geese, even though the majority of geese from this area possess a unique mtDNA haplotype not found on the Copper River Delta. The use of culmen length and plumage color to identify the origin of breeding populations in the harvest provides conservative criteria for management of dusky Canada geese as individuals of other breeding populations are misassigned as dusky Canada geese and birds of the lighter-plumaged dusky-like group did not appear to originate from breeding sites of the dusky Canada goose. Our analyses demonstrate that genetic markers can accurately estimate the proportion of genetically differentiated areas that comprise an admixed group, but they also raise questions about the management scale of Pacific Flyway Canada geese (e.g., at the subspecies or breeding population level) and the use of morphological and genetic characteristics to monitor the harvest of different populations within admixed wintering flocks.\n      </p>", "Dans cette \u00e9tude, nous comparons la taille et la structure de l'\u00c9tat au Canada et aux \u00c9tats-Unis, de 1929 \u00e0 2004, \u00e0 l'aide de donn\u00e9es de comptabilit\u00e9 nationale et de donn\u00e9es sur l'emploi. Nous abordons et nous illustrons le d\u00e9fi que repr\u00e9sente la t\u00e2che de d\u00e9finir, \u00e0 des fins de comparaison, ce qui constitue le \"secteur public\", particuli\u00e8rement dans le cas des organismes \u00e0 but non lucratif. Nous soulignons aussi un certain nombre de similitudes et de diff\u00e9rences surprenantes (et qui pour l'instant restent inexpliqu\u00e9es) dans l'\u00e9volution des deux pays sur ce plan. En utilisant un nouveau d\u00e9flateur de type Fisher dans le cas du Canada, nous montrons enfin que, d\u00e8s 2003, les d\u00e9penses r\u00e9elles du gouvernement par rapport au revenu r\u00e9el repr\u00e9sentaient environ 27 pour cent du produit int\u00e9rieur brut (PIB) dans les deux pays. /// We compare the size and structure of the public sectors of Canada and the United States from 1929 to 2004 using national accounting and employment data. The challenge of defining the public sector for comparative purposes is explored and illustrated, especially with respect to the treatment of non-profits, and a number of intriguing similarities and differences in the comparative evolution of the public sectors are identified that remain to be explained. Use of a new Fisher-type government deflator for Canada indicates that, as of 2003, real government spending relative to real income was about 27 percent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in both countries.\n      </p>", "While there are many facets to Canada's perennial constitutional crisis, one issue dominates the debate: the recognition of the specificity of Quebec. The problem has been tackled but not resolved during a series of constitutional negotiations over the last forty years. Few believe that a further round of general constitutional discussions would successfully address this issue. A little-known provision in the Constitution could be employed, however, to begin the process of dealing with the challenge. Pursuant to section 43 of the Constitution Act, 1982, the governments of Quebec and Canada could adopt a bilateral constitutional amendment recognizing and entrenching French as the predominant language of the province and, in the process, effectively recognizing the Qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois nation in the Constitution of Canada. Constitutionalizing this contemporary reality would not only enhance the linguistic and cultural security of Quebec's francophone population by formally acknowledging the central element of the province's distinctive character but also ensure that the courts interpret the Constitution in a manner that both considers the interests of the francophone community and balances them with individual rights and freedoms in Quebec.\n      </p>", "The U.S. government notified the GATT in 1994 that it intended to increase tariff rates on wheat and barley imported from Canada. This threat of increased permanent protection resulted in Canada voluntarily agreeing to restrict wheat sales to the United States. Why would Canada agree to this outcome which would lead to a welfare loss? The payoffs to each country associated with alternative trade war outcomes are estimated. We find that welfare, as measured by equivalent variation, falls in both countries, although Canada was better off limiting exports than becoming engaged in a trade war with the United States.\n      </p>", "The incidence and mortality of neuroblastoma was reviewed in the general context of childhood cancer in Canada for the periods 1982-86 and 1987-91. This was done to complement the preliminary work of the Quebec Neuroblastoma Screening Project that is studying the impact of screening North American infants for the preclinical detection of neuroblastoma on population-based mortality. Annual age-standardized incidence rates for all childhood cancer in Canada appear to have declined slightly (nonsignificantly) from 155.1 to 150.8 per million, between 1982-86 and 1987-91; the rates for neuroblastoma were stable between the two five-year periods (11.8 per million in 1982-86 and 11.4 per million in 1987-91). With respect to mortality, the age-standardized rates for childhood cancer in Canada have shown a declining trend between the first and second halves of the decade, from 43.4 to 34.7 per million, while the rates for neuroblastoma have not changed (4.4 and 4.2 per million). The age-specific distributions of incident cancers indicate that neuroblastoma accounts for the greatest proportion of all cancers in children less than one year of age. Similarly, neuroblastoma is the leading cause of cancer deaths in children aged one to four years. Theoretically, infants less than one year of age could benefit most from effective preventive interventions, treatment, and research.\n      </p>", "The oil and gas sector is returning to the Mackenzie Delta-Beaufort Sea region of Canada's western Arctic after a decade-long absence. If brought into production, the hydrocarbon resources in this region could generate significant long-term economic and social benefits for Canadians in general and for Northerners in particular. An evolving regulatory environment, the impacts of climate change, and a lack of infrastructure, however, are creating unanticipated challenges for industry and regulators alike. In addition, aboriginal and other northern stakeholders are largely supportive of oil and gas activity, but only provided they have assurances that communities will benefit and that any negative impacts will be mitigated. Regulators, industry, and stakeholders are, therefore, working closely together to ensure that resource management balances economic, environmental, and social considerations. /// Apr\u00e8s dix ans d'absence, le secteur de l'exploration du p\u00e9trole et du gaz refait surface dans la r\u00e9gion du delta du Mackenzie et de la mer de Beaufort situ\u00e9e dans la partie ouest de l'Arctique canadien. Si les ressources en hydrocarbures de cette r\u00e9gion entraient en production, cela pourrait se traduire par d'importantes retomb\u00e9es socio-\u00e9conomiques \u00e0 long terme pour les Canadiens en g\u00e9n\u00e9ral et pour les gens du Nord en particulier. Cependant, le milieu r\u00e9glementaire en pleine \u00e9volution, les incidences du changement climatique et le manque d'infrastructure posent des d\u00e9fis impr\u00e9vus, tant \u00e0 l'industrie qu'aux organismes de r\u00e9glementation. De plus, les parties prenantes autochtones de m\u00eame que les autres parties prenantes du Nord se prononcent fortement en faveur des activit\u00e9s p\u00e9troli\u00e8res et gazi\u00e8res, mais seulement s'ils ont la certitude que les collectivit\u00e9s en b\u00e9n\u00e9ficieront et que les incidences n\u00e9gatives seront limit\u00e9es. Par cons\u00e9quent, les organismes de r\u00e9glementation, l'industrie et les parties prenantes travaillent en \u00e9troite collaboration pour s'assurer que la gestion des ressources donne lieu \u00e0 un \u00e9quilibre entre les consid\u00e9rations \u00e9conomiques, environnementales et sociales.\n      </p>", "Le Canada poss\u00e8de la plus ancienne r\u00e9glementation antidumping (AD) du monde, et est depuis longtemps l'un des plus grands utilisateurs de mesures AD. Ces mesures sont un important outil sur les recours commerciaux, puisqu'elles touchent une part relativement grande des importations; par exemple, en 2003, il existait 92 mesures qui touchaient des importations d'une valeur d'environ 1,3 milliard de dollars. Pourtant, leur utilisation et leurs effets sur le commerce gagneraient \u00e0 \u00eatre mieux compris - il est essentiel de r\u00e9pondre \u00e0 la question suivante : l'imposition de droits antidumping prot\u00e8ge-t-elle r\u00e9ellement l'industrie canadienne contre la concurrence de l'importation ? Dans cet article, nous analysons les effets des politiques AD sur le commerce dans le secteur manufacturier au Canada. Nous nous penchons ensuite sur les effets des mesures AD sur le niveau des importations en provenance de pays qui ne sont pas express\u00e9ment nomm\u00e9s dans les donn\u00e9es utilis\u00e9es dans notre analyse. Nous tentons ainsi d'\u00e9valuer l'importance du d\u00e9tournement des courants commerciaux, puisqu'il est possible que des importations soient partiellement d\u00e9tourn\u00e9es \u00e0 partir de pays pr\u00e9sum\u00e9s responsables de dumping vers d'autres pays non vis\u00e9s par des enqu\u00eates: l'industrie canadienne ne tirerait alors aucun avantage des mesures AD. Nous utilisons les donn\u00e9es antidumping des ann\u00e9es 1990 \u00e0 2000 et les donn\u00e9es d\u00e9sagr\u00e9g\u00e9es du classement \u00e0 10 chiffres du Syst\u00e8me harmonis\u00e9 sur les importations. Notre \u00e9tude montre que la politique AD canadienne est inefficace contre les importations provenant de pays vis\u00e9s par des enqu\u00eates ou pr\u00e9sum\u00e9s responsables de dumping. De plus, si nous classons les pays vis\u00e9s par des enqu\u00eates en seulement deux grands groupes - ceux \u00e0 propos desquels une enqu\u00eate a abouti \u00e0 mesures antidumping, et ceux \u00e0 propos desquels une enqu\u00eate n'a pas abouti \u00e0 des mesures antidumping -, nous concluons \u00e9galement que l'AD pourrait entra\u00eener des d\u00e9tournements des courants commerciaux et un effet de \"harc\u00e8lement\". Canada has the oldest antidumping (AD) regime in the world and has to this day been counted among the main users of AD measures. It is an important trade-remedy instrument that affects a relatively large proportion of Canadian imports, although its use and effects on trade could still be better understood. For example, in 2003 there were 92 measures in place affecting around C$1.3 billion worth of Canadian imports. An important question is whether imposing AD duties actually protects the domestic industry from import competition. We analyze the trade effects of AD policy in the manufacturing industry in Canada. We also look at the effect of an AD action on the level of imports from countries not named in the analysis in order to examine the extent of trade diversion. It is possible that imports might be partly diverted away from the alleged source country and to non-alleged countries, rendering AD laws ineffective in terms of benefiting the domestic industry. We construct a database using AD data for the years 1990-2000, and import data disaggregated at the ten-digit Harmonized System (HS) level, and ultimately find that Canadian AD policy is an efficient tool for restricting imports from countries that are \"named\" in an investigation or alleged to be dumping. When adopting a relatively coarse classification of named cases into two groups--affirmative (affirmative AD decisions and price undertakings) and negative (negative AD decisions)--we also find some evidence of trade diversion and \"harassment\" effects of AD.\n      </p>", "Direct recoveries for Canada goose (Branta canadensis interior) goslings from the portion of the Southern James Bay Population (SJBP) on Akimiski Island, Nunavut, Canada, have declined markedly since 1987. We suspected that poor gosling nutrition, due to limited food resources on brood-rearing areas, was causing low survival. Consequently, we measured body size and condition of 2,893 unfledged goslings during late July and early August, 1994-1996. Based on 128 recoveries of dead birds during hunting seasons and 69 recaptures during summer on Akimiski Island, we estimated the separate influences of gosling size and condition on subsequent probabilities of recovery by hunters and survival. Estimated survival probabilities were 0.025, 0.051, and 0.147, and reporting probabilities were 0.0026, 0.0051, and 0.0142 for 1994-1996, respectively. Annual variation in both probabilities was related to size and condition of goslings, which were largest and in the best condition in 1996, followed by 1995, and then 1994. Estimates of slopes suggested that relatively small increases in both body size and condition resulted in increased survival and reporting probabilities. Unlike previous waterfowl research, our results showed that the largest goslings, and those in the best condition, were the most likely to be shot. We suggest that goslings in poor condition died on Akimiski Island before they fledged. We conclude that food availability was limiting recruitment, and predict that harvest restrictions on SJBP Canada geese will not result in an increase in the segment of the population that nests on Akimiski Island.\n      </p>", "A 5-year study was conducted that assessed Canada Goose (Branta canadensis moffitti) productivity and nest location in relationship to a controlled pool elevation. Data on clutch size were obtained for 108 nests of the 128 nests located, and no significant variation among years was detected. Nest success for the study period ranged from 66 to 86% while the number of nests varied from 22 to 29. No flooding of nests occurred because of the higher water levels, and nest productivity did not change significantly. Aspect of visibility was also found to be important with 77% of the geese having a view of the water.\n      </p>", "Using major field of study and labor force data from the 1996 Canadian census, this paper assesses variations in the correspondence between training in engineering fields and employment patterns. Following a review of the issues associated with under-valuation of credentials, comparisons are made between Canadian born men age 30-54 and permanent residents who immigrated at children and those who immigrated at age 28 or later with respect to labor force participation, employment, and occupational location. Permanent residents who immigrated as adults are assumed to be foreign trained. Compared to the Canadian born and to those immigrating as children, this group is the least likely to be in the labor force or employed. When employed, they are less likely to have either manager, engineering or technical occupations, and most likely to be employed in other occupations. This slippage between training and occupational location is the greatest for those permanent residents with only Bachelors degrees. In part, these aggregate findings reflect recency of arrival of those immigrating as adults. For this group, mis-match is strongest within the first few years of arriving in Canada. Men with engineering training who have been in Canada 15 years or more and/or who have Masters and Ph.D. degrees have employment patterns and occupational profiles that more closely correspond to those of their Canadian-born counterparts or those arriving as children.\n      </p>", "In the spring of 1997, three large white hybrid turkey layer flocks of 52 wk of age experienced a severe respiratory condition. During the outbreak, the turkeys showed respiratory signs, an increased mortality rate, and an important drop in egg production. Macroscopic and histopathologic examinations were carried out on several carcasses, as well as bacteriologic analyses on different tissues. Colonies of Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale (OR) were detected after 24 hr of incubation, and the isolate appeared to be serotype A. The identification of the species was confirmed by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of whole-cell proteins. Since 1993, several cases of OR infection have been diagnosed in the United States and more recently in Canada. Monitoring of this emerging infection is recommended. /// En la primavera de 1997, tres parvadas de ponedoras de pavos blancos hibridos de 52 semanas de edad mostraron enfermedad respiratoria severa. Durante el brote, los pavos mostraron signos respiratorios, aumento en el porcentaje de mortalidad y disminuci\u00f3n significante en la producci\u00f3n de huevos. Se realizaron ex\u00e1menes macrosc\u00f3picos e histopatol\u00f3gicos de varias aves como tambi\u00e9n an\u00e1lisis bacteriol\u00f3gicos. Se observaron colonias de Ornithobacterium rhinotrachealae despu\u00e9s de 24 horas de aislamiento y las cepas aisladas pertenecieron al serotipo A. La identificaci\u00f3n de la especie fue realizada mediante la electroforesis en geles de poliacrilamida con sulfato dodecilico de sodio de proteinas celulares enteras. Desde 1993 varios casos de infecci\u00f3n de O. rhinotracheale han sido diagnosticadas en los Estados Unidos y mas recientemente en Canad\u00e1. Se recomienda un seguimiento cercano de esta nueva infecci\u00f3n.\n      </p>", "       setTimeout(function(){\n                    var a=document.createElement(\"script\");\n                    var b=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];\n                    a.src=document.location.protocol+\"//dnn506yrbagrg.cloudfront.net/pages/scripts/0010/4927.js\";\n                    a.async=true;a.type=\"text/javascript\";b.parentNode.insertBefore(a,b)\n                }, 1);\n            </script><script type=\"text/javascript\">\n                \n                  var _gaq = _gaq || [];\n                  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-20266811-1']);\n                  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);\n                \n                  (function() {\n                    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;\n                    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';\n                    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);\n                  })();\n\n            </script><div id=\"SCData\" data-pagename=\"front door\" class=\"hide\"/><script src=\"/discover/application/resources/js/jstor-site-catalyst-tracking.js\" type=\"text/javascript\"> </script></body></html", "On 1 January 1989 the Canada-United States Free Trade Agreement went into effect. The agreement reduced the restrictions on the importation and marketing of wine produced in the United States. This article analyzes the impact of this lessening on United States wine exports to Canada. A demand relation for United States exports to Canada is estimated and then used to decompose the effects into their proximate causes. These causes are (a) own-price and exchange rate effects, (b) substitute price and exchange rate effects, (c) changes in real income in Canada, (d) tariff removal effects, and (e) removal of nontariff trade barriers by Canada.\n      </p>", "We found a small, previously undiscovered breeding colony of Ross's gulls (Rhodostethia rosea) in Nunavut, Canada, approximately 80 km from a previous colony location occupied during the 1970s. The birds nested in association with arctic terns (Sterna paradisaea). The collective observations from this region of the High Arctic suggest that Ross's gulls may move colonies each year, or that colony occupation is intermittent. /// Nous avons rep\u00e9r\u00e9 une petite colonie de reproduction de mouettes ros\u00e9es (Rhodostethia rosea) non d\u00e9couverte jusqu'\u00e0 ce moment-l\u00e0 au Nunavut, au Canada, \u00e0 environ 80 kilom\u00e8tres de l'emplacement d'une autre colonie occup\u00e9e dans les ann\u00e9es 1970. Les oiseaux nichaient avec des sternes arctiques (Sterna paradisaea). Les observations collectives de cette r\u00e9gion de l'Extr\u00eame-Arctique laissent supposer que les mouettes ros\u00e9es peuvent changer de colonie chaque ann\u00e9e ou que l'occupation des colonies est intermittente.\n      </p>", "The life expectancy of African Americans has been substantially lower than that of white Americans for as long as records are available. The life expectancy of all Americans has been lower than that of all Canadians since the beginning of the 20th century. Until the 1970s this disparity was the result of the low life expectancy of African Americans. Since then, the life expectancy of white Americans has not improved as much as that of all Canadians. This article discusses two issues: racial disparities in the United States, and the difference in life expectancy between all Canadians and white Americans. Each country's political culture and institutions have shaped these differences, especially national health insurance in Canada and its absence in the United States. The American welfare state has contributed to and explains these differences.\n      </p>", "Alternative silvicultural systems to clearcutting are receiving considerable attention in Pacific Northwest forests of North America. Understanding the implications of these harvesting systems on stand structure and biodiversity through time is a fundamental aspect of forest ecosystem management. This study was designed to test the hypothesis that diversity of stand-structure attributes and forest floor small-mammal communities will increase from young pine to seed tree to old-growth forest. The study area was within mixed Douglas-fir (Pseudotsuga menziesii)-lodgepole pine (Pinus contorta) forests within the Montane Spruce biogeoclimatic zone near Summerland in south-central British Columbia, Canada. This retrospective study had three replicate stands each of 17-yr-old \"young pine\" (clear-cut harvested), \"seed tree\" composed of young pine with Douglas-fir seed trees, and uncut \"old-growth\" composed primarily of Douglas-fir and lodgepole pine. Stand-structure attributes (coniferous tree layers and understory vegetation) were measured in each stand. Small-mammal populations were sampled intensively from 1995 to 1997 in all stands. The mean total percentage cover and crown-volume index of herbs and mosses were similar among treatment stands, but for shrubs-deciduous trees were highest in young pine and lowest in old growth. Mean species richness of herbs and coniferous trees was similar among treatment stands, but for shrubs-deciduous trees was highest in the young pine. Mean species diversity of herbs and shrubs-deciduous trees was similar among treatment stands, but for coniferous trees was higher in the seed-tree and old-growth stands than in the young pine stands. Mean richness of layers of herbs and shrubs-deciduous trees appeared consistently highest in the young pine, but for coniferous trees was highest in the seed-tree stands. Mean abundance of red-backed voles (Clethrionomys gapperi) was consistently higher in the old-growth than in young pine or seed-tree stands. Mean numbers of North-western chipmunks (Tamias amoenus), heather voles (Phenacomys intermedius), western jumping mice (Zapus princeps), montane shrews (Sorex monticolus), and common shrews (S. cinereus) were higher in the seed-tree or young pine stands than in old growth. Mean abundance of meadow voles (Microtus pennsylvanicus) was highest in seed-tree stands. Deer mice (Peromyscus maniculatus), long-tailed voles (M. longicaudus), and short-tailed weasels (Mustela erminea) had similar mean numbers among treatment stands. Mean species richness and diversity of small mammals was higher in the seed-tree and young pine stands than in old growth. Each of these stand types offers its own structural diversity to the forest landscape and should help manage for a range of biodiversity goals.\n      </p>", "It is often assumed that the level of residential segregation of ethnic and racial groups can be used as a measure of their socio-economic integration into a society. This paper using Canadian census data for the period 1981-1991 questions this assumption and goes to show that the trends in residential segregation need not parallel the trends in socio-economic integration. Socio-economic integration is measured by indices of dissimilarity in the occupational composition and residential segregation by indices of dissimilarity in the population distribution. The study shows that while residential segregation of ethnic groups has remained fairly constant during the decade, occupational segregation has declined significantly. It concludes that while residential segregation may persist due to voluntary or involuntary causes, minority groups have been occupationally mobile. Unlike the case of Blacks in the United States, the study concludes that public policy concerns that spatial segregation of an ethnic group will result in relative deprivation in terms of socio-economic integration may not always be valid in Canada.\n      </p>", "Different modes of practice organization may result in advantages for physicians and their patients. Compared with solo practice, group practice may produce economies of scale, efficiencies in health care delivery, and improvements in the quality of care. However, in Canada assessment of the implications of differences in practice organization have been impeded by a lack of relevant data and a tendency to treat practice type as a dichotomous variable. Conventional solo/group distinctions fail to address the significance of the growing number of medical practices that are neither solo nor group, but combinations of both, and they obscure the policy implications of the growing number of physicians in institutional as opposed to private practice. This paper develops and applies a theoretically based typology of practice organization to data collected as part of a national survey of 2,398 Canadian physicians conducted in late 1986 and early 1987. The analysis identifies six practice types, describes their distribution and operating characteristics, and identifies the characteristics of physicians working in them.\n      </p>", "Lindberg and Malecki (1994) estimated the vulnerability of large local Canada geese (mainly Branta canadensis maxima) and smaller migrants (mainly B. c. interior) to fall hunting in northwestern Pennsylvania, 1988-89. They reported that local Canada geese were harvested proportionately more than their availability in the fall population, and migrants proportionately less than their availability, in 9 of 10 2-week periods. We evaluated several of the assumptions inherent in Lindberg and Malecki's (1994) calculations. We then reanalysed their data using modified assumptions and found that vulnerabilities were not consistently different among local geese and migrants. Vulnerability estimates were sensitive to relatively small changes in population sizes of local and migrant geese. We suggest that the apparently high vulnerability of local Canada geese was caused by understimation of their numbers in the fall population, and overestimation of their numbers in the harvest.\n      </p>"], "words": {"focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "depend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interpreting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "categories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recreation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "progression": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gender": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dusky": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "force": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leaders": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "direct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "constitution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cohabitation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "causes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fossil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contrast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "men": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "water": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "active": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "silvicultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canadian": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "study": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cette": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "action": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suitable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcomes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addressed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "would": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "remains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "negative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "governance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultivation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crab": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "until": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "today": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "recently,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "archaeologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "abundance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wintering": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "this": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "root": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "expanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "numbers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "species": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "information": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monitoring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "winter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "regions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "globalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "movements": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "undertook": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "map": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "southern": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "end": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "effective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "coal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "waterfowl": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "african": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mexican": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "help": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mainly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argues": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stability": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "statistical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reconstruct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "japan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "roots": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "le": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "alexander": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "often": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weeds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "university": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predators": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coastal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "series": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "idea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goose": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "used": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "static": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "substantially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canada": {"number": 38, "prob": 0.0003146880654551176}, "space": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surveys": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "likelihood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "length": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "childhood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "americans": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "their": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "interviews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "needed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "white": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "molecular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "season": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "population": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "wide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dans": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "r": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marriage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "are": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "and": {"number": 44, "prob": 0.0003643756547375046}, "sea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "any": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "self": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "persistence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experienced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "who": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "america": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "especially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "voting": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "differentiate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sector": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "giant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "failed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "societies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bird": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zones": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "culture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thistle": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sites": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tactics,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aircraft": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "declining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sediments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "southeastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overview": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discrimination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "due": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "genetic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "much": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "initiation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canada,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "an": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "novel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resident": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "is": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 36, "prob": 0.00029812553569432196}, "if": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "different": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "specialization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discourse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northwest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "peoples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habitats": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "composition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arctic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "excavated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conceptualizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lower": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "records": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "position": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 61, "prob": 0.0005051571577042677}, "settimeout": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "scholarship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seasonal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alternative": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "migration": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disturbance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "residential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "location": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "samples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "unprecedented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "five": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "necessary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "methods": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "habitat": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "spring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phenomena": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pacific": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "trends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "second,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "racial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "leader": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lakes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dna": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "von": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stage": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "on": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 70, "prob": 0.0005796885416278482}, "distinct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "previously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instruments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primarily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "utility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assumed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "long": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "width": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "low": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breeding": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analyze": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mammals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immigration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "atlantic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "delta": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "skull": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "species,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "j": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maximum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "record": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "limit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lynx": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geese": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "citizenship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "periods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gradients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trials": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "center": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "herbivores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}