{"total_words": 1135, "documents": ["It has been accepted generally that the cancer registry has more of a 'back room' than a 'front line' role in cancer control, its particular responsibilities lying in description of cancer patterns, care, and outcome, in monitoring these variables in relation to control activities, and in providing a research database--often, for others to utilize. While readily justifiable, this prevailing concept of the cancer registry's role may not be sustainable in times of economic restraint. A survey of members of the International Association of Cancer Registries showed that most registries fit the accepted mold. Some, however, extend beyond it, particularly in the direct conduct of epidemiologic research and in the implementation of control programs, particularly screening. Sixteen percent appeared only to be collecting incidence statistics and may be at risk of economic rationalization. It would be consonant with their basic role and skills, and promote more rational cancer control, if cancer registries were to take on an expanded role, including direct participation in epidemiologic research, evaluation of interventions against cancer at the population level, situation analysis and cancer control planning, and implementation of aspects of cancer control--particularly coordination of screening--and monitoring the performance of cancer control programs. This expanded role could become the responsibility of specialized cancer control units of which cancer registration would be the central function.\n      </p>", "Background Although cancer survivors are at increased risk for developing cancers at other sites, little is known about the current status of second cancer (cancers other than the index cancer) screening practices and related factors in cervical cancer survivors. Methods We enrolled 809 cervical cancer survivors aged \u226540 years who had been treated at six hospitals from 1983 to 2004. Subjects filled out a questionnaire that included the practices of second cancer screening (breast, stomach, and colorectum) and other sociodemographic variables. Results Among subjects, 38.9% had been recommended to receive screening for other cancers from health care providers, and 27.4% reported that they thought they had lower risk of other cancer than general population. Older (age \u226565 years) and poor (family income &lt;1,000$/month) subjects were less likely to have second cancer screening. Those to whom health care providers had recommended screening for other cancers (aOR = 2.14; 95% CI, 1.54-2.98), and those who had an appropriate perception of second cancer risk (aOR = 1.64; 95% CI, 1.11-2.43) were more likely to undergo breast cancer screening. Conclusion Lack of a recommendation for second cancer screening from health care providers and the misperception of second cancer risk might have negative impacts on the breast cancer screening behaviors in cervical cancer survivors.\n      </p>", "Inherited mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 lead to significantly increased risks of breast and ovarian cancer. We used epidemiologic methods to evaluate the relative risks of breast cancer vs. ovarian cancer among women of Ashkenazi Jewish ancestry with inherited mutations in BRCA1 or BRCA2. The cancer of a family's index case (i.e., breast cancer vs. ovarian cancer) was significantly associated with site-specific risks of cancer in relatives known to carry mutations in BRCA1 or BRCA2. Specifically, breast cancer risks were higher among relatives of breast cancer index cases compared with relatives of ovarian cancer index cases [hazard ratio (HR) = 3.0, P &lt; 0.001 for BRCA1 carriers and HR = 4.8, P = 0.017 for BRCA2 carriers], and ovarian cancer risks were higher among relatives of ovarian cancer index cases compared with relatives of breast cancer index cases (HR = 7.2, P = 0.001 for BRCA1 carriers and HR = 15.8, P = 0.018 for BRCA2 carriers). Breast and ovarian cancer risks also increased with more recent year of birth. For each later decade of birth, risk increased 1.2-fold (P = 0.03). Effects of cancer site of the index case and of birth cohort were independent. These results suggest that both genetic and nongenetic factors modify cancer risks among BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation carriers, and that genetic modifiers and other familial factors may influence risk specifically for either breast or ovarian cancer.\n      </p>", "Objective To investigate whether people diagnosed with cancer have an increased risk of death from non-cancer causes compared to the general population. Methods The non-cancer mortality of people diagnosed with cancer in Queensland (Australia) between 1982 and 2002 who had not died before 1 January 1993 was compared to the mortality of the total Queensland population, matching by age group and sex, and reporting by standardised mortality ratios. Results Compared to the non-cancer mortality in the general population, cancer patients (all cancers combined) were nearly 50% more likely to die of non-cancer causes (SMR = 149.9, 95% CI = [147-153]). This varied by cancer site. Overall melanoma patients had significantly lower non-cancer mortality, female breast cancer patients had similar non-cancer mortality to the general population, while increased non-cancer mortality risks were observed for people diagnosed with cervical cancer, colorectal cancer, prostate cancer, non-Hodgkin lymphoma and lung cancer. Conclusions Although cancer-specific death rates under-estimate the mortality directly associated with a diagnosis of cancer, quantifying the degree of underestimation is difficult due to various competing explanations. There remains an important role for future research in understanding the causes of morbidity among cancer survivors, particularly those looking at both co-morbid illnesses and reductions in quality of life.\n      </p>", "Objective To study diet before and after diagnosis of breast and colorectal cancers compared with diet in cancer-free women in the Norwegian Women and Cancer study. Methods This paper reports dietary changes from a data collection in 1996-1999 to another in 2002-2005. A total of 43,847 cancer-free women aged 41-70 years answered the baseline questionnaire on diet and lifestyle, 130 women developed colorectal cancer and 563 breast cancer. Dietary change in the three groups was compared, for breast cancer a comparison was made according to stage and time since diagnosis. Results Breast cancer survivors increased fruit and vegetable consumption with 81 g compared to 42 g in colorectal cancer survivors and 50 g in cancer-free women (p difference in change &lt;0.001). Milk consumption decreased among cancer-free women, but not among colorectal cancer survivors (p = 0.007). Significantly more cancer survivors quit smoking (p &lt; 0.001). There were no differences in change of alcohol consumption or BMI. In breast cancer survivors, differences increased with time since diagnosis, and stage II survivors made larger changes than stage I survivors. Conclusions Cancer survivors showed little change toward cancer-preventive guidelines, although more advanced stage and being more than 2.4 years post diagnosis was associated with greater change in diet and smoking behaviors.\n      </p>", "Introduction Relatively litle research has been conducted on familial breast cancer in African American women. Methods Data from the Black Women's Health Study, a prospective cohort study of African American women, were used to assess breast cancer risk in relation to family history of cancer. Since 1995, participants have completed biennial postal questionnaires on health status, risk factors, and family history of cancer. Cox proportional hazards analyses were used to calculate incidence rate ratios (IRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for family history of breast and other types of cancer. Results Among 57,364 participants who were cancer-free at baseline, 1,306 incident breast cancer cases occurred during 12 years of follow-up. The IRR for a first-degree family history of breast cancer relative to no family history was 1.78 (95% CI 1.55\u20142.06). IRRs varied by the age at diagnosis, from 1.60 (\u2265age 55) to 2.76 (&lt;age35). Results were consistent across subtypes of breast tumor defined by estrogen and progesterone receptor status. Breast cancer risk was also associated with family history of colon cancer (IRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.12\u20141.63) and possibly with family history of leukemia (IRR 1.42, 95% CI 0.82\u20142.46). Conclusions These findings indicate a strong familial relationship for breast cancer in African American women. The associations with family history of colon cancer and leukemia warrant further investigation.\n      </p>", "Objective: Region-specific maps of cancer incidence, mortality, late detection rates, and screening rates can be very helpful in the planning, targeting, and coordination of cancer control activities. Unfortunately, past efforts in this area have been few, and have not used appropriate statistical models that account for the correlation of rates across both neighboring regions and different cancer types. In this article we develop such models, and apply them to the problem of cancer control in the counties of Minnesota during the period 1993-1997. Methods: We use hierarchical Bayesian spatial statistical methods, implemented using modern Markov chain Monte Carlo computing techniques and software. Results: Our approach results in spatially smoothed maps emphasizing either cancer prevention or cancer outcome for breast, colorectal, and lung cancer, as well as an overall map which combines results from these three individual cancers. Conclusions: Our methods enable us to produce a more statistically accurate picture of the geographic distribution of important cancer prevention and outcome variables in Minnesota, and appear useful for making decisions regarding targeting cancer control resources within the state.\n      </p>", "Background: Investigators from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), National Program of Cancer Registries (NPCR), are collaborating with public health professionals from seven states and the District of Columbia to conduct the Patterns of Care study to assess the quality of cancer data and to determine whether stage-specific treatments are being carried out. Methods: To assess the quality and completeness of cancer care data in the United States, trained staff from the Patterns of Care study are abstracting medical records to obtain detailed clinical data on treatment, tumor characteristics, stage at diagnosis, and demographics of representative samples of patients diagnosed with breast, colon, and prostate cancer. Altogether staff from each of the eight participating cancer registries will abstract 500 cases of breast, prostate, and colon/rectum/anus cancer for the CONCORD study and an additional 150 cases of localized breast cancer, 100 cases of stage III colon cancer, and 100 cases of localized prostate cancer for the Patterns of Care study. Chi-square tests will be used to compare routine registry data with re-abstracted data. The investigators will use logistic regression techniques to describe the characteristics of patients with localized breast and prostate cancer and stage III colon cancer. Age, race, sex, type of insurance, and comorbidity will be examined as predictors of the use of those treatments that are consistent with consensus guidelines. The investigators plan to use data from the CONCORD study to determine whether treatment factors are the reason for the reported differences between relative survival rates in the United States and Europe. Conclusions: Results from the methodology used in the Patterns of Care study will provide, for the first time, detailed information about the quality and completeness of stage and treatment data that are routinely collected by states participating in the NPCR. It will add significantly to our understanding of factors that determine receipt of treatment in compliance with established guidelines. As part of the CONCORD study, it will also examine differences in survival among cancer patients with breast, prostate, and colon/rectum/anus cancers in the United States and Europe.\n      </p>", "We report here a compilation of p53 mutation results from two smoking-related cancers, lung cancer and bladder cancer. The overall mutation frequencies reported for these two types of cancer were relatively similar-50% in lung cancer and 40% in bladder cancer. The compiled data from lung cancer and bladder cancer suggest an increasing proportion of patients with p53 mutations in nonsmokers, former smokers, and current smokers, in that order, in both cancer groups. Taken together, more than half (55% and 56% for lung cancer and bladder cancer, respectively) of the patients who continued smoking (CS), less than 40% (38% and 38%) of those who had stopped smoking before (\u22651 or \u22655 years) clinical diagnosis (ES), and less than 30% (25% and 29%) of those who were nonsmokers (NS) had a p53 mutation. The differences seen in the mutation frequencies between the three smoking groups did not, however, reach statistical significance (lung cancer-CS vs ES: odds ratio [OR] = 2.0, 95% CI 0.7-5.4; CS vs NS: OR = 3.7, 95% CI 0.4-37; bladder cancer-CS vs ES: OR = 2.1, 95% CI 0.6-7.9; CS vs NS: OR = 3.1, 95% CI 0.7-13). Guanine to thymine transversions were the most common type in lung cancer followed by guanine to adenine transitions. In bladder cancer, on the contrary, G:C to A:T transitions at cytosine-guanine dinucleotide sites were the most frequently detected base substitutions. Analysis of the compiled p53 mutation data suggests that, in addition to lifetime cumulative exposure to cigarette smoke, also stopping smoking for years prior to clinical manifestation of the disease may affect the incidence of p53 mutations. The differences in the mutation profiles appear to support the view that the main genotoxic agents from cigarette smoke exposure may be different in bladder cancer as compared to lung cancer, as suggested previously by DNA adduct studies.\n      </p>", "To determine the commonest histological types of breast cancer in Nigerian women in Edo State and the mean age at diagnosis, we reviewed the histological slides of breast cancer received in the pathology department of University of Benin Teaching Hospital over a twelve-year period (January 1993- December 2004). The clinical data was obtained from the original request form and case notes where necessary. The mean age of the patients was 45.7 (SD= 13.4, SEM = 0.7). Invasive ductal carcinoma (not otherwise specified) constituted the majority of breast cancer accounting for 75.5% while papillary carcinoma was the least common (2.7%). Ductal carcinoma in situ accounted for 6.6%. Breast cancer occur more on the left (53.3%) than the right (45.7%). Bilateral breast cancer was found in only 0.8% of the cases. The frequency of invasive breast cancer is still very high among Nigerian women. Late presentation possibly due to ignorance, alternative medicine and fear of surgery may account for this high prevalence. /// Afin de d\u00e9terminer les types histopathologiques du cancer du sein les plus communes chez les femmes d'origine de \u013e\u00e9tat d'Edo et l'\u00e2ge moyen au moment du diagnostic, nous avons pass\u00e9 de revue les diapositives du cancer du sein re\u00e7ues dans le D\u00e9partement de la pathologie du Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Benin au cours de douze ans (janvier 1993 - d\u00e9cembre 2004). Les donn\u00e9es cliniques ont \u00e9t\u00e9 recueillies \u00e0 partir du formulaire de demande original et les dossiers lorsque c'\u00e9tait n\u00e9cessaire. L'\u00e2ge moyen des patientes \u00e9tait 45,7 (SD = 13,4, SEM = 0,7). Le cancer invasif (autrement non-sp\u00e9cifi\u00e9) constituait la majorit\u00e9 des cancers du sein \u00e9tant responsible de 75,5%, alors que le carcinome parpillaire \u00e9tait le moins commun (2,7%). Le cancer in situ \u00e9tait responsable de 6,6%. Le cancer du sein se manifeste plus \u00e0 gauche (53,3%) qu'\u00e0 droite (45,7%). Le cancer du sein bilat\u00e9ral \u00e9tait d\u00e9couvert dans 0,8% des cas. La fr\u00e9quence du cancer invasif est encore \u00e9lev\u00e9e chez les femmes nig\u00e9rianes. La fait de ne pas signaler \u00e0 temps, d\u00fb probablement \u00e0 l'ignorance, \u00e0 la m\u00e9dicine alternative et \u00e0 la crainte de l'intervention chirurgicale peuvent \u00eatre responsable de cette haute pr\u00e9valence.\n      </p>", "Background We aimed to clarify the association of breast cancer patients' clinical experiences with patient-reported outcomes (PRO) of satisfaction with care, choice of the same type of surgery again, and health-related quality of life (HRQOL). Methods There were 2,403 (25.9%) of 9,283 eligible women who had undergone primary curative surgery for breast cancer in one of five selected hospitals between 1993 and 2002 who responded to a survey questionnaire including information about care experiences, satisfaction with care, and HRQOL. Results Treatment satisfaction was independently associated with cancer recurrence, problems obtaining surgery, receiving adjuvant hormonal therapy, being involved in treatment decisions, having opinions reflected in treatment decisions, experiencing treatment toxicity, or being hospitalized for treatment toxicity (P &lt;0.01). Breast-conserving surgery with radiotherapy, receiving adjuvant hormone therapy, being involved in treatment decisions, having opinion reflected in treatment decisions, having no treatment toxicity, and receiving regular follow-up care were associated with choosing the same treatment over again (P &lt;0.01). Good care experiences, except for regular follow- ups, were significantly associated with good HRQOL in most functioning subscales (P &lt;0.01). Conclusions Our findings suggest that timely referral for treatment, reflection of the patient's opinions in treatment decisions, and prevention of treatment toxicity might be important to HRQOL.\n      </p>", "During the past several decades, an increasing incidence of thyroid cancer has been reported in many parts of the world. To date, no study has compared the trends in thyroid cancer incidence across continents. We examined incidence data from cancer incidence in five continents (CI5) over the 30-year period 1973\u20132002 from 19 populations in the Americas, Asia, Europe, and Oceania. Thyroid cancer rates have increased from 1973\u20131977 to 1998\u20132002 for most of the populations except Sweden, in which the incidence rates decreased about 18% for both males and females. The average increase was 48.0% among males and 66.7% among females. More recently, the age-adjusted international thyroid cancer incidence rates from 1998 to 2002 varied 5-fold for males and nearly 10-fold for females by geographic region. Considerable variation in thyroid cancer incidence was present for every continent but Africa, in which the incidence rates were generally low. Our analysis of published CI5 data suggests that thyroid cancer rates increased between 1973 and 2002 in most populations worldwide, and that the increase does not appear to be restricted to a particular region of the world or by the underlying rates of thyroid cancer.\n      </p>", "Objective: In Korea, male smoking prevalence is among the world's highest, and mortality rates from smoking-caused cancers, particularly lung cancer, are escalating. This cohort study examined the effects of cigarette smoking on the risk of cancer mortality and incidence, and characterized the relationship of cancer risk with the amount and duration of cigarette smoking. Method: A nine-year prospective cohort study was carried out on 1,212,906 Koreans, 30-95 years of age. The study population includes participants in a national insurance program, who completed a questionnaire on smoking and other risk factors. The main outcome measures were death from cancer and cancer incidence, obtained through record linkage. At baseline, 472,970 men (57.0%) and 20,548 (5.4%) women were current cigarette smokers. Results: In multivariate Cox proportional hazards models, controlling for age, current smoking among men increased the risks of mortality for cancer of the lung (relative risk (RR), 4.6; 95% confidence interval (CI), 4.0-5.3) and other cancers, including larynx, bile duct, esophagus, liver, stomach, pancreas, bladder, and also leukemia. Current smoking among women increased the risk of lung cancer mortality (RR = 2.5, 95% CI = 2.0-3.1). Similar results were found for incidence among men and women. Conclusion: In Korea, smoking is an independent risk factor for a number of major cancers. The findings affirm the need for aggressive tobacco control in Korea in order to minimize the epidemic of smoking-caused disease.\n      </p>", "Objective: In preparation for jointly publishing official government cancer statistics, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the National Cancer Institute (NCI) compared incidence rates from NCI's Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results (SEER) Program and CDC's National Program of Cancer Registries (NPCR). Methods: Data for 1999 covering 78% of the US population were obtained from SEER and selected NPCR registries that met high quality data criteria. Incidence rates (per 100,000 population) were age-adjusted to the 2000 US standard population, and 95% gamma confidence intervals were estimated. Results: NPCR rates for all sites combined were higher than SEER rates (males: NPCR 553.6, SEER 538.7; females: NPCR 420.8, SEER 412.5), but rates for specific cancer sites varied by registry program. Rates for colon cancer (males: NPCR 47.0, SEER 42.7; females: NPCR 36.5, SEER 33.8) and tobacco-related cancers were higher in NPCR than SEER. In contrast, NPCR rates were lower than SEER rates for cancers of the female breast (NPCR 134.0, SEER 135.9), prostate (NPCR 162.0, SEER 170.2), and melanoma as well as for cancers more common among Asians and Pacific Islanders (e.g., stomach cancer). Conclusions: Rate differences may arise from population differences in socio-demographic characteristics, screening use, health behaviors, exposure to cancer causing agents or registry operations factors.\n      </p>", "Enhancements to cancer surveillance systems are needed for meeting increased demands for data and for developing effective program planning, evaluation, and research on cancer prevention and control. Representatives from the American Cancer Society, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Cancer Institute, National Cancer Registrars Association, and North American Association of Central Cancer Registries have worked together on the National Coordinating Council for Cancer Surveillance to develop a national framework for cancer surveillance in the United States. The framework addresses a continuum of disease progression from a healthy state to the end of life and includes primary prevention (factors that increase or decrease cancer occurrence in healthy populations), secondary prevention (screening and diagnosis), and tertiary prevention (factors that affect treatment, survival, quality of life, and palliative care). The framework also addresses cross-cutting information needs, including better data to monitor disparities by measures of socioeconomic status, to assess economic costs and benefits of specific interventions for individuals and for society, and to study the relationship between disease and individual biologic factors, social policies, and the environment. Implementation of the framework will require long-term, extensive coordination and cooperation among these major cancer surveillance organizations.\n      </p>", "Purpose Psychosocial research with cancer patients has increasingly recognized that a large proportion report at least some positive changes or aspects of personal growth that occur because of their illness--a construct referred to as benefit finding. Although theory suggests that there may be several domains to benefit finding, measurement instruments such as the Benefit Finding Scale (BFS) are typically considered to be unidimensional. Method This study compared single and multiple factor models of the BFS using group confirmatory factor analysis in men with prostate cancer (n = 185) and women with breast cancer (n = 115) who were less than 2 years postdiagnosis. Results In both samples, the multiple-factor model fit the data significantly better than the single-factor model, and factor loadings were equivalent between groups. Men with prostate cancer reported greater Personal Growth benefit finding and women with breast cancer reported greater Social Relationships benefit finding. Differential relationships were observed between BFS factors and sociodemographic and disease-related variables. Conclusion Results suggest an alternate multidimensional framework for the BFS that may be generalizable across cancer populations. Future research should examine if BFS domains are differentially related to quality-of-life outcomes in both cancer and other medical patients.\n      </p>", "Although tobacco use has been recognized as one of the leading causes of cancer morbidity and mortality, a role of smoking in the occurrence of prostate cancer has not been established. However, evidence indicates that factors that influence the incidence of prostate cancer may differ from those that influence progression and fatality from the disease. Thus, we reviewed and summarized results from prospective cohort studies that assessed the relation between smoking and fatal prostate cancer risk, as well as epidemiological and clinical studies that focused on aggressive behavior in prostate cancer, such as poorer survival, advanced stage, or poorer differentiation at diagnosis. The majority of the prospective cohort studies showed that current smoking is associated with a moderate increase of \u223c30% in fatal prostate cancer risk compared to never/non-smokers. This association is likely to be an underestimate of the effect of smoking because most studies had a single assessment of smoking at baseline and long follow-up times, and the association was considerably stronger in some sub-groups of heaviest smokers, or when smoking was assessed in a relatively short period (within 10 years) prior to cancer mortality. Using aggressive behavior of prostate cancer as outcome, current smoking was associated with significantly elevated risk, ranging from around twofold to threefold or higher. Although alternative explanations, such as publication bias, residual confounding, screening bias, and the influence of smoking-related comorbidities cannot be ruled out entirely, these findings suggest that smoking is associated with aggressive behavior of prostate cancers or with a sub-group of rapidly progressing prostate cancer. Based on evidence presented in this review, cigarette smoking is likely to be a risk factor for prostate cancer progression and should be considered as a relevant exposure in prostate cancer research and prevention of mortality from this cancer.\n      </p>", "What is the evidence that exposure to asbestos causes colon cancer? This weight-of-evidence review considers epidemiologic evidence from cohort studies of asbestos-exposed workers, case-control studies of colon cancer, animal bioassays, and other corroborative evidence. The major evidence for a causal association at high exposure is a combined colorectal standardized mortality ratio (SMR) of 1.5 for asbestos cohorts where the lung cancer SMR was greater than twofold. However, misdiagnosis may spuriously elevate the SMR. The strongest evidence against a causal association between colon cancer and asbestos exposure is the lack of an exposure-response gradient in asbestos cohorts where trends for lung cancer are observed. Population-based case-control studies of colon cancer do not show any consistent risk associated with asbestos exposure. Long-term ingestion studies show no evidence of an increased incidence of colon cancer in animals by this route of exposure and do not provide biological plausibility for a causal association between asbestos exposure and colon cancer.\n      </p>", "Objective Causal beliefs about cancer may influence preventive behaviors and medical care. We examined the relationship between beliefs about causation for lung, colon, and skin cancer and the use of lay interpersonal sources of health information (community organizations, family, friends). Methods Data from a nationally representative sample of 5,119 adult respondents to the 2005 Health Information National Trends Survey were analyzed. Results About 40% of respondents reported that community organizations provided them with health information, while 15% discussed health information \"very frequently\" with their family or friends. In multivariate models, individuals who never spoke with family or friends about health were more likely to believe that colon cancer risk is not modifiable; those provided with health information by community organizations were less likely to believe that skin cancer risk is not modifiable. Speaking with family or friends about health was also associated with endorsing the belief that skin cancer is caused by behavior or lifestyle. Conclusion These findings showed that lay interpersonal health information sources are associated with beliefs about the modifiability of colon and skin cancer risk. Future research is needed to investigate whether and how such information sources might influence decisions about engaging in preventive behaviors.\n      </p>", "Introduction Epidemiological data on green/jasmine tea and esophageal as well as gastric cancer are limited and inconclusive. Methods In order to study the effect of jasmine tea in upper gastrointestinal (UGI) cancers, we evaluated 600 esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), 598 gastric cardia cancer (GCA), and 316 gastric non-cardia cancer (GNCA) cases and 1,514 age-, gender-, and neighborhood-matched controls. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated from logistic regression adjusted for matching factors and potential confounders. Results Among controls, 35% of males and 8% of females reported consumption of jasmine tea; other tea consumption was rare. Consumption of jasmine tea (ever vs. never) was not associated with risk of ESCC (OR = 1.15, 95% CI 0.92-1.44), GCA (OR = 1.14, 95% CI 0.88-1.37), or GNCA (OR = 0.85, 95% CI 0.64-1.15) in males and females combined. Among males, cumulative lifetime consumption showed a significant positive dose\u2014response relation with ESCC risk, but not for GCA and GNCA. In exploratory analyses, occupation affected the relation between tea and ESCC such that consumption in males was associated with increased risk only in non-office workers. Conclusion Overall, we found no evidence for a protective effect of tea in esophageal or gastric cancer. Further studies of the potential effects of thermal damage, tea quality, and water quality on UGI cancers are suggested.\n      </p>", "A computerized simulation model was developed to evaluate the potential impact of primary and secondary prevention on lung cancer mortality in Japan. The natural history of lung cancer was modeled as a Markovian stochastic process from cancer-free to preclinical, clinical, and finally to terminal states. The increase in mortality rate of lung cancer among males aged 75 to 79 years has been the major force of increase in the total number of lung cancer deaths in Japan. The simulation showed that this tendency would continue until the late 1990s, presumably due to the increase in the proportion of ever-smokers in that cohort, who started smoking at an earlier age than did prior generations. It was shown that the number of lung cancer deaths can be reduced either by smoking cessation or screening programs, and that the reduction is proportional to the increase in the annual smoking-cessation rate and to the annual increment in the screening rate. However, only two to three percent reduction of lung cancer deaths in the year 2001 can be expected when the annual smoking-cessation rate is raised from the current value of 0.46 percent to five percent during the period from 1991 to 2000 or when the screening rate is increased by three percent annually for the same period.\n      </p>", "Objective We conducted a population-based case-control study to investigate the association between hormone therapy (HT) and ovarian cancer incidence, and followed all these cancer cases to determine the association of HT use with ovarian cancer mortality. Methods Seven hundred fifty-one incident cases of invasive epithelial ovarian cancer aged 40-79 years were diagnosed in Massachusetts and Wisconsin between 1993-1995 and 1998-2001 and matched to similarly aged controls (n = 5,808). Study subjects were interviewed by telephone, which ascertained information on HT use and specific preparation, estrogen alone (E-alone) or estrogen plus progestin (EP). Ovarian cancer cases were followed-up for mortality through December 2005. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for ovarian cancer incidence, and Cox proportional hazards modeling was used to estimate hazard ratios and corresponding confidence intervals for ovarian cancer mortality. Results Ever use of HT was significantly associated with an increased risk of ovarian cancer (odds ratio 1.57, 95% CI 1.31-1.87). The excess risk was confined to women who used E-alone preparations (OR 2.33, 95% CI 1.85-2.95). No significant associations were detected between pre-diagnosis HT use and ovarian cancer survival. Conclusions Hormone therapy increases risk of ovarian cancer among E-alone users, but there is no substantial impact on survival after diagnosis.\n      </p>", "When the Vietnam War ended in 1975, pro-US Laotians (including Lao, Mien, Khmu) were displaced and became refugees in their own native country. Thousands fled to refugee camps in nearby Thailand and were eventually relocated to several Western countries, including the US. A listing of 1,195 Laotian cancer cases were extracted from the California Cancer Registry for diagnosis years 1988\u20132006. Cancer cases with birthplace coded as \"Laos\" were included. Proportionate incidence ratios (PIRs) and associated 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated for 17 selected cancer sites. The total population of California (all race/ethnic groups combined) was used as the reference. Proportional occurrence of cancers varied by genders and by cancer sites. Laotians in California experienced statistically significantly elevated risks for cancer of the nasopharynx (PIR = 14.8; 95% CI = 10.5\u201320.1), liver (PIR = 12.6; 95% CI = 10.8\u201314.6), stomach (PIR = 3.1; 95% CI = 2.4\u20134.0), cervix (PIR = 1.9; 95% CI = 1.5\u20132.3), pancreas (PIR = 2.1; 95% CI = 1.5\u20132.8), oral cavity (PIR = 1.8; 95% CI = 1.4\u20132.3), lung and bronchus (PIR = 1.4; 95% CI = 1.2\u20131.7). As found for other Asian subgroups, Laotians, too, have statistically significantly reduced risks for colorectal (PIR = 0.8; 95% CI = 0.6\u20130.9), colon (PIR = 0.7; 95% CI 0.5\u20130.9), breast (PIR 0.7; 95% CI = 0.5\u20130.8), and prostate (PIR = 0.1; 95% CI = 0.0\u20130.2) cancers. The increased risk found for mostly non-Western types of cancers have implications for culturally responsive cancer control and intervention activities targeting the Laotian population.\n      </p>", "Despite the importance of symptom control in the cancer population, few studies have systematically assessed the prevalence and characteristics of symptoms or the interactions between various symptom characteristics and other factors related to quality of life (QOL). As part of a validation study of a new symptom assessment instrument, inpatients and outpatients with prostate, colon, breast or ovarlan cancer were evaluated using the Memorial Symptom Assessment Scale and other measures of psychological condition, performance status, symptom distress and overall quality of life. The mean age of the 243 evaluable patients was 55.5 years (range 23-86 years); over 60% were women and almost two-thirds had metastatic disease. The Karnofsky Performance Status (KPS) score was \u2264 80 in 49.8% and 123 were inpatients at the time of assessment. Across tumour types, 40-80% experienced lack of energy, pain, feeling drowsy, dry mouth, insomnia, or symptoms indicative of psychological distress. Although symptom characteristics were variable, the proportion of patients who described a symptom as relatively intense or frequent always exceeded the proportion who reported it as highly distressing. The mean (\u00b1 SD, range) number of symptoms per patient was 11.5 \u00b1 6.0 (0-25); inpatients had more symptoms than outpatients (13.5 \u00b1 5.4 vs. 9.7 \u00b1 6.0, p &lt; 0.002) and those with KPS \u2264 80 had more symptoms than those with KPS &gt; 80 (14.8 \u00b1 5.5 vs. 9.2 \u00b1 4.9, p &lt; 0.0001). The number of symptoms was highly associated with heightened psychological distress and poorer quality of life (for example, r = 0.67 for the relationship with the Functional Living Index-Cancer, a QOL measure). These data clarify the prevalence and characteristics of cancer-related symptoms and suggest that the number of symptoms per patient may be a useful quality of life indicator.\n      </p>", "Breast cancer is a serious threat to the health of women globally, and an unrecognised priority in middle-income countries. This paper presents data from Mexico. It shows that breast cancer accounts for more deaths than cervical cancer since 2006. It is the second cause of death for women aged 30-54 and affects all socio-economic groups. Data on detection, although under-reported, show 6,000 new cases in 1990, and a projected increase to over 16,500 per year by 2020. Further, the majority of cases are self-detected and only 10% of all cases are detected in stage one. Mexico's social security systems cover approximately 40-45% of the population, and include breast cancer treatment. As of 2007, the rest of the population has the right to breast cancer treatment through the Popular Health Insurance. Despite these entitlements, services are lacking and interventions for early detection, particularly mammography, are very limited. As of 2006 only 22% of women aged 40-69 reported having a mammogram in the past year. Barriers exist on both the demand and supply sides. Lobbying, education, awareness-building and an articulated policy response will be important to ensure expanded coverage, access to and take-up of both treatment and early detection. /// Le cancer du sein menace gravement la sant\u00e9 des femmes dans le monde et c'est une priorit\u00e9 non reconnue dans les pays \u00e0 revenu interm\u00e9diaire. Des donn\u00e9es au Mexique montrent que, depuis 2006, il provoque plus de d\u00e9c\u00e8s que le cancer du col de l'ut\u00e9rus. C'est la deuxi\u00e8me cause de d\u00e9c\u00e8s des femmes \u00e2g\u00e9es de 30 \u00e0 54 ans et le cancer du sein touche tous les groupes socio\u00e9conomiques. En 1990, malgr\u00e9 une sousnotification, 6000 nouveaux cas avaient \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9tect\u00e9s et les projections pr\u00e9voient plus de 16 500 par an d'ici \u00e0 2020. De plus, la majorit\u00e9 des cas sont d\u00e9tect\u00e9s lors d'un auto-examen et 10% seulement des cas sont d\u00e9cel\u00e9s au stade 1. La s\u00e9curit\u00e9 sociale mexicaine couvre environ 40-45% de la population et pr\u00e9voit le traitement du cancer du sein. En 2007, le reste de la population pouvait b\u00e9n\u00e9ficier d'un traitement au titre de l'Assurance populaire. Malgr\u00e9 ces droits, les services font d\u00e9faut et les interventions de d\u00e9pistage pr\u00e9coce, particuli\u00e8rement la mammographie, sont tr\u00e8s limit\u00e9s. En 2006, 22% seulement des femmes \u00e2g\u00e9es de 40 \u00e0 69 ans ont indiqu\u00e9 avoir subi une mammographie l'ann\u00e9e pr\u00e9c\u00e9dente. Des obstacles existent aussi bien du c\u00f4t\u00e9 de l'offre que de la demande. Les groupes de pression, l'\u00e9ducation, la sensibilisation et une riposte politique articul\u00e9e seront des facteurs importants pour \u00e9largir la couverture du traitement et du d\u00e9pistage pr\u00e9coce, ainsi que l'acc\u00e8s et le recours \u00e0 ces services. /// El c\u00e1ncer de mama es una grave amenaza para la salud de las mujeres mundialmente y una prioridad no reconocida en pa\u00edses de ingresos medios. En ese art\u00edculo se exponen datos de M\u00e9xico. Se muestra que el c\u00e1ncer de mama ocasiona m\u00e1s muertes que el c\u00e1ncer cervical desde 2006. Es la segunda causa de muerte entre las mujeres de 30 a 54 a\u00f1os de edad y afecta a todos los grupos socioecon\u00f3micos. Los datos sobre su detecci\u00f3n, aunque subreportados, muestran 6,000 casos nuevos en 1990, y un aumento previsto en m\u00e1s de 16,500 al a\u00f1o al cabo de 2020. M\u00e1s a\u00fan, la mayor\u00eda de los casos son autodetectados y s\u00f3lo el 10% de todos los casos se detectan en la primera etapa. Los sistemas de seguridad social de M\u00e9xico cubren aproximadamente entre el 40 y el 45% de la poblaci\u00f3n e incluyen tratamiento para el c\u00e1ncer de mama. Desde 2007, el resto de la poblaci\u00f3n tiene derecho a recibir tratamiento del c\u00e1ncer de mama mediante el Seguro de Salud Popular. Pese a estos derechos, los servicios son escasos y las intervenciones para la detecci\u00f3n temprana, particularmente la mamograf\u00eda, son muy limitadas. Desde 2006 s\u00f3lo el 22% de las mujeres de 40 a 69 a\u00f1os informaron haber tenido una mamograf\u00eda en el \u00faltimo a\u00f1o. Existen barreras tanto en demanda como en oferta. El cabildeo, la educaci\u00f3n, la concienciaci\u00f3n y una respuesta articulada de pol\u00edticas ser\u00e1n importantes para garantizar mayor cobertura, acceso al tratamiento y a las intervenciones de detecci\u00f3n temprana, y la aceptaci\u00f3n de ambos.\n      </p>", "Objectives: To evaluate the relationship between prostate cancer and several potential lifestyle risk factors. Methods: We analyzed data obtained from a population-based case-control study conducted in eight Canadian provinces. Risk estimates were generated by applying multivariate logistic regression methods to 1623 histologically confirmed prostate cancer cases and 1623 male controls aged 50-74. Results: Cases were more likely to have a first-degree relative with a history of cancer, particularly prostate cancer (OR = 3.1, 95% CI = 1.8-5.4). Reduced risks of prostate cancer were observed among those of Indian descent (OR = 0.2, 95% CI = 0.1-0.5) or any Asian descent (OR = 0.3, 95% CI = 0.2-0.6) relative to those of western European descent. Total fat consumption, tomato and energy intake, were not associated with prostate cancer. The risk of prostate cancer was inversely related to the number of cigarettes smoked daily (p = 0.06) and cigarette pack-years (p &lt; 0.01), while no association was observed between the total number of smoking years or the number of years since smoking cessation. Anthropometric measures and moderate and strenuous levels of leisure time physical activity were not strongly related to prostate cancer. In contrast, strenuous occupational activities at younger ages appeared protective. Conclusions: Our analyses are limited by the absence of data related to tumor severity and screening history. Further studies are needed to investigate the relationship between behavioral risk factors and prostate cancer screening practices.\n      </p>", "Objective: To examine unusual exposure opportunities to flight crews from chemicals, cosmic radiation, and electric and magnetic fields. Methods: This project evaluated the incidence of cancers of the breast and other sites among Association of Flight Attendants (AFA) members residing in California. AFA membership files were matched to California's statewide cancer registry to identify a total of 129 newly diagnosed invasive cancers among AFA members with California residential histories between 1988 and 1995. Results: Compared to the general population, female breast cancer incidence was over 30% higher than expected, and malignant melanoma incidence was roughly twice that expected. Both of these are cancers that are associated with higher socioeconomic status and have been suggestively associated with various sources of radiation. Conclusions: Consistent with the results from Nordic studies of cabin crews and a recent meta-analysis of prior studies, these data suggest that follow-up investigations should focus on the potential relative contribution of workplace exposures and lifestyle characteristics to the higher rates of disease for these two cancers.\n      </p>", "Objective: To examine the demographic and geographic patterns of small bowel cancer incidence in the United States and worldwide. Methods: Incidence data from the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) program between 1973 to 2000 were used to analyze the four histologic types of small bowel cancer, adenocarcinomas, carcinoid tumors, lymphomas, and sarcomas. International comparisons were made using data from Cancer Incidence in Five Continents (CIVIII). Geographic correlations between small bowel and both large bowel and stomach cancer incidence, were performed. Results: Men had higher rates than women for all types of small bowel cancer. Blacks had almost double the incidence of carcinomas and carcinoid tumors compared to whites (10.6 vs. 5.6 per million people; 9.2 vs. 5.4 per million people, respectively). Small bowel cancer incidence has risen, with the greatest increase for carcinoid tumors (21%) and black men (120%). A geographic correlation between small and large bowel cancer incidence, but not small bowel and stomach cancer, were observed. Conclusions: Small bowel cancer incidence in the U.S. is higher in blacks compared to whites, particularly for carcinomas and carcinoid tumors. Small bowel cancer incidence is rising, particularly in black men. The geographic correlation between large and small bowel cancer suggests shared etiologies.\n      </p>", "Objective To determine incidences and time trends of second cancers among female breast cancer patients. Methods Using data of the National Cancer Institute's Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) Program, we designed three inception cohorts: 1975-1977 (n=25,920), 1983-1985 (n=32,722) and 1991-1993 (n=40,819), and analyzed their incidences of second cancers during the first 8 years after initial breast cancer diagnosis. Results Between the 1970s and the 1990s, the incidence rate of malignant second cancer significantly increased among female breast cancer patients, of which second non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and kidney cancer increased by about 150%, while second cancers of the thyroid, uterine corpus and skin melanoma increased 80%, and cancer of the lung increased 50%. The patterns of trend of second cancers were somewhat similar to those of the general population except for second endometrial cancer at all ages and second leukemia and skin melanoma among young patients aged 20-49. In the 1990s, the risk ratios (RR) of all sites cancer were found to be 5.5 (95% CI=5.0-6.1) for age 20-49, 1.3 (1.3-1.4) for age 50-64, and 1.2 (1.1-1.2) for age 65 and over, comparing breast cancer patients to general population. Additionally, radiotherapy slightly increased the risks of second leukemia (RR=1.8, 1.2-2.8), and second endometrial (RR=1.3, 1.0-1.6) and breast (RR=1.2, 1.1-1.3) cancers. Conclusions The fixed inception cohort method is valid for analyzing cancer registry-based second cancer data. By this method, we found that the incidence of second cancer has substantially increased among female breast cancer patients over the past 25 years. Observed changes in incidence may partially reflect the effect of treatments. Because the absolute number of affected patients is small, however, the breast cancer treatments have remained safe for most patients.\n      </p>", "Background The Metropolitan Chicago Breast Cancer Taskforce was formed to address a growing black/white breast cancer mortality disparity in Chicago. The Taskforce explored three hypotheses: black women in Chicago receive fewer mammograms, black women receive mammograms of inferior quality, and black women have inadequate access to quality of treatment for breast cancer. Methods A total of 102 individuals from 74 Chicago area organizations participated in the Task Force participating in three work groups from January to September 2007. The work groups held focus groups of providers, organized town hall meetings in four Chicago communities, organized town hall meetings in four Chicago communities, gathered black/white breast cancer mortality data for Chicago, the United States, and New York City, and conducted a mammography capacity and quality survey of mammography facilities. Results Chicago's black and white breast cancer mortality rates were the same in 1980. By the late 1990s, a substantial disparity was present, and by 2005, the black breast cancer mortality rate was 116% higher than the white rate. In 2007, 206,000 screening mammograms were performed for women living in Chicago, far short of the 588,000 women in the 40-69 age range in Chicago. Facilities that served predominately minority women were less likely to be academic or private institutions (p &lt; .03), less likely to have digital mammography (p &lt; .003), and less likely to have dedicated breast imaging specialists reading the films (p &lt; .003). Black women and providers serving them reported significant difficulties in accessing needed care for breast cancer screening and treatment. Conclusion There are significant access barriers to high quality mammography and treatment services that could be contributing to the mortality differences in Chicago. A metropolitan wide taskforce has been established to address the disparity.\n      </p>", "Physical activity is a protective factor for breast cancer. Exposure to estrogen is an important determinant of breast cancer risk and exercise reduces estrogen levels, with the level of evidence being stronger for post-menopausal women. Possible mechanisms for estrogen induced breast cancer include increased breast epithelial cell proliferation, the metabolism of estrogen to genotoxic metabolites, such as DNA-adducts, and the silencing of tumor suppressor genes (TSGs) that have been implicated in breast carcinogenesis by inducing gene promoter hypermethylation, which is potentially reversible. Animal studies suggest that physical activity decreases breast tumor growth by promoting changes in cellular proliferation and apoptosis. Human studies provide some support for exercise producing favorable changes in estrogen metabolism that may lead to reduced breast epithelial cell proliferation. No studies have been performed to determine whether exercise decreases the accumulation of estrogen metabolite DNA-adducts in breast tissue. However, research supports the hypothesis that physical activity reduces promoter hypermethylation of TSGs implicated in breast carcinogenesis by lowering circulating estrogen levels. Thus, further research is necessary to clarify the mechanisms that relate to physical activity as a negative modulator of breast cancer risk to develop meaningful guidelines for the use of physical activity in breast cancer prevention.\n      </p>", "Background. We have previously used an evidence-based, epidemiologic approach to estimate the proportion of incident cases that should be treated with radiotherapy (RT) for lung cancer. The first objective of the present study was to compare this evidence-based estimate of the appropriate rate of use of RT with the rates observed in selected \"benchmark\" communities where there are no barriers to the appropriate use of RT and no incentives to the unnecessary use of RT. The second objective of the study was to compare the rates of use of RT in the general populations in the United States and Canada with the estimated appropriate rate. Methods. We established benchmark rates for the use of RT for lung cancer in Ontario, Canada, where: 1) residents make no direct payments for RT; 2) all RT is provided by site-specialized radiation oncologists in multidisciplinary cancer centers, and 3) radiation oncologists receive a salary in lieu of technical fees. Communities located close to cancer centers without long waiting lists for RT were selected to serve as benchmarks. Prospectively gathered electronic treatment records from all RT cancer centers were linked to the provincial cancer registry to describe the rate of use of RT in Ontario. The public use file of Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results Registries (SEER) was used to describe the use of RT in the United States. Results. Overall, 41.3% (95% confidence interval [CI], 39.9%, 42.7%) of incident cases of lung cancer received RT as part of their initial management in the benchmark communities compared with the evidence-based estimate of 41.6% (95% CI, 39.2%, 44.1%). The rate of use of RT in the initial management of nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the benchmark communities was 49.3% (95% CI, 47.5%, 51.1%) compared with the evidence-based estimate of 45.9% (95% CI, 41.6%, 50.2%). The use of RT in the initial management of small-cell lung cancer (SCLC) in the benchmark communities was 47.0% (95% CI, 43.3%, 50.7%) compared with the evidence-based estimate of 45.4% (95% CI, 42.4%, 48.4%). In many counties of Ontario, the observed rates of RT use in the initial management of lung cancer were significantly lower than either the benchmark rate or the evidence-based estimate of the appropriate rate. In contrast, rates of use of RT in most counties in the SEER regions of the United States were close to, or higher than, the estimated appropriate rate. Conclusions. The observed benchmark rate converged on the evidence-based estimate of the appropriate rate of use of RT for lung cancer, suggesting that either measure might reasonably be used as a \"standard\" against which to compare rates observed in similar populations elsewhere.\n      </p>", "Oesophageal adenocarcinoma (OAC) is more common in men. Androgens may therefore contribute to the pathogenesis of OAC. Prostate cancer (PC), an androgen sensitive tumor with a long natural history, may allow insights into this putative association. West Midlands Cancer Intelligence Unit data from 1977 to 2004 were examined to identify patients with a first malignant primary of PC. Patients were followed until diagnosis of a second primary cancer, death or end of the time period. Age-and periodadjusted standardized incidence ratios (SIR) were calculated as an estimate of the relative risk of a second malignant primary of the oesophagus. Between 1977 and 2004, 44,819 men within the West Midlands developed PC as a first primary malignancy. After exclusion for lack of follow-up, 38,627 men were eligible, providing 143,526 person years at risk for analysis. 86 second primary oesophageal cancers were observed, compared with 110 expected, resulting in an SIR of 0.78 (95% CI 0.62-0.96). There was a reduced risk of OAC 0.7 (0.5-0.95) but not of oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) 1.03 (0.69-1.47). The risk of developing OAC, but not OSCC, is lower than expected in patients with PC. A diagnosis of PC may be associated with aetiological factors that are negatively associated with OAC, or antiandrogen therapy may influence the development of OAC.\n      </p>", "Little is known about the etiology of testicular cancer, which is the most common cancer among young men. Epidemiologic data point to a carcinogenic exposure in early life or in utero, but the nature of the exposure is unknown. We hypothesize that the mycotoxin, ochratoxin A, is a cause of testicular cancer. Ochratoxin A is a naturally occurring contaminant of cereals, pigmeat, and other foods and is a known genotoxic carcinogen in animals. The major features of the descriptive epidemiology of testicular cancer (a high incidence in northern Europe, increasing incidence over time, and associations with high socioeconomic status, and with poor semen quality) are all associated with exposure to ochratoxin A. Exposure of animals to ochratoxin A via the diet or via in utero transfer induces adducts in testicular DNA. We hypothesize that consumption of foods contaminated with ochratoxin A during pregnancy and/or childhood induces lesions in testicular DNA and that puberty promotes these lesions to testicular cancer. We tested the ochratoxin A hypothesis using ecologic data on the per-capita consumption of cereals, coffee, and pigmeat, the principal dietary sources of ochratoxin A. Incidence rates for testicular cancer in 20 countries were significantly correlated with the per-capita consumption of coffee and pigmeat (r = 0.49 and 0.54, p = 0.03 and 0.01). The ochratoxin A hypothesis offers a coherent explanation for much of the descriptive epidemiology of testicular cancer and suggests new avenues for analytic research.\n      </p>", "Objective: We hypothesized that variations in the ESR2 gene may influence estrogen exposure in the uterus and thus influence endometrial cancer risk. We validated and screened for variants in the ESR2 gene and examined whether they are associated with endometrial cancer risk. Methods: We resequenced the promoter and coding regions of the ESR2 gene in 24 endometrial cancer cases, and genotyped the validated/discovered SNPs and intronic dinucleotide CA repeat in a nested case-control study of endometrial cancer (cases = 222, controls = 666) in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS). We also explored statistical interaction between ESR2 genotypes and body mass index (BMI) or hormone replacement therapy (HRT) use among postmenopausal women and cancer risk. Results: Two SNPs were validated [rs1256049 in exon 5 (allelic frequencies = 98% G, 2% A) and rs1271572 in the promoter region (allelic frequencies = 60% G, 40% T)]. After adjusting for potential confounders, we observed no association between ESR2 gene polymorphisms and endometrial cancer risk [rs1256049 (OR = 1.2; 95%CI: 0.7-2.3), rs1271572 (OR = 0.8; 95%CI: 0.5-1.1) and CA repeat (&lt;22 repeat allele versus \u226522 repeat allele, OR = 1.1; 95%CI: 0.7-1.7)]. We also did not observe any significant effect modification of the ESR2 polymorphisms by BMI or HRT use among postmenopausal women. Conclusion: Our results indicate that ESR2 polymorphisms may not be associated with endometrial cancer risk.\n      </p>", "A mathematical model of the progression kinetics of lung cancer in a periodically screened population is proposed and data collected by the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York are used for parameter estimation. It is assumed that the development of adenocarcinoma of lung is a stochastic process with two stages, early and advanced, characterized by mean times, detection probabilities, and cure probabilities. Confidence regions of these parameters are estimated using a number of novel techniques. It is found, surprisingly, that the mean duration of the early stage is at least 4 years, the detectability less than .2, and the curability less than .5. These estimates imply that annual radiographic screening from age 45 to 80 might decrease mortality from adenocarcinoma of lung by something less than 20%.\n      </p>", "Objective: Exposure to endotoxin, a component of gram-negative bacterial cell walls, is widespread in many industrial settings and in the ambient environment. Heavy-exposure environments include livestock farms, cotton textile facilities, and saw mills. Concentrations are highly variable in nonoccupational indoor and outdoor environments. Endotoxin is a potent inflammagen with recognized health effects, including fever, shaking chills, septic shock, toxic pneumonias, and respiratory symptoms. Somewhat paradoxically, given the putative role of inflammation in carcinogenesis, various lines of evidence suggest that endotoxin may prevent cancer initiation or limit tumor growth. The hypothesis that components of bacteria may retard cancer progression dates back to William B. Coley's therapeutic experiments (\"bacterial vaccine\") in the 1890s. Data Sources: In this article, we review epidemiologic, clinical trial, and experimental studies pertinent to the hypothesis that endotoxin prevents cancer. Since the 1970s, epidemiologic studies of cotton textile and other endotoxin-exposed occupational groups have consistently demonstrated reduced lung cancer risks. Experimental animal toxicology research and some limited therapeutic trials in cancer patients offer additional support for an anticarcinogenic potential. The underlying biological mechanisms of anticarcinogenesis are not entirely understood but are thought to involve the recruitment and activation of immune cells and proinflammatory mediators (e.g., tumor necrosis factor a and interleukin-1 and -6). Conclusions: In view of the current state of knowledge, it would be premature to recommend endotoxin as a cancer-chemopreventive agent. Nonetheless, further epidemiologic and experimental investigations that can clarify further dose-effect and exposure-timing relations could have substantial public health and basic biomedical benefits.\n      </p>", "Background: In Bhopal, India, on 2 December 1984, a chemical disaster caused by a gas leak mostly of methyl isocyanate (MIC) from the Union Carbide Factory led to massive mortality and morbidity of the population. This is the first study to shed light on the cancer experience of the Bhopal population as a result of exposure to a mixture of gases which have highly toxic and potentially carcinogenic properties. To observe the effect of gas exposure, incidence rates of the three most common cancer sites (lung, oropharynx and oral cavity) from 1987 to 1992 among the municipal wards were studied in males. Methods: Relative risks (RR) using cases from the cancer registry and controls from a tobacco survey were estimated for the gas-affected regions. Results: Based on a descriptive study the relative risks of 1.4, 1.3 and 0.7 for lung, oropharynx and oral cavity cancer, respectively, for gas-affected regions in the year 1992 in comparison to gas-unaffected regions and the year 1987-1990 combined were estimated. In the case-control study the RRs of 0.9, 1.4 and 1.2 for lung, oropharynx (adjusted for smoking) and oral cavity cancer, respectively, (adjusted for tobacco chewing) were estimated as the effect of the gas accident. Conclusion: The full potential of excess risk, if any, may not manifest for 15-20 years after the accident.\n      </p>", "The Hmong are an ethnic minority in China, some of whom migrated to the mountainous areas of North Vietnam, Laos, and Thailand in the 19th and 20th centuries. Because of their support for the United States during the Vietnam war, many Laotian Hmong fled to Thailand and eventually were re-settled in the US after the end of that conflict. Approximately 100,000 Hmong currently live in the US, of whom about half reside in the Central Valley of California. The purpose of this study was to measure cancer incidence in this unique new immigrant population. Using the resources of the Cancer Registry of Central California (CRCC), a population-based cancer registry, cancer incidence in the Hmong was evaluated by calculating age-adjusted incidence rates as well as by calculating proportional incidence ratios. Compared with all races combined, elevated rates of cancer in the Hmong were observed for the following sites: nasopharynx, stomach, liver, pancreas, leukemia, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Cervical cancer incidence overall was elevated, but more noteworthy, invasive cervix cancer rates were much higher than expected. Lower cancer rates were found for breast, prostate, and colorectal cancer. Hmong also experienced advanced stage and grade of disease at diagnosis for many cancer sites in addition to cervical cancer, which may be explained by cultural factors, including avoidance of Western medical care and low rates of participation in screening programs. This population should be followed closely and monitored for patterns of cancer incidence in the future since it provides a natural laboratory for studies of cancer etiology as this population gradually becomes acculturated to the Western lifestyle.\n      </p>", "Objective Although increasing incidence of testicular germ cell cancer has been reported in many developed nations, national estimates for Australia, with histological differentiation, are not currently available. Methods Using data from all state and territory population-based cancer registries in Australia, this paper reports on incidence trends for seminomas and non-seminomas in Australia between 1982 and 2004 using Joinpoint and Age-Period-Cohort models. Results Of the 10,528 testicular germ cell cancers diagnosed during this period, 6086 (58%) were seminomas. Incidence rates have increased (2.6% per year) in Australia since 1982, with the effect stronger among seminomas (3.4% per year) rather than non-seminomas (1.4% per year). There was a strong age effect evident for both subtypes, peaking in the 25-29 year age group for nonseminomas and the 30-34 year age group for seminomas. Non-seminoma rates reflected a significant birth cohort effect, following a U-shaped pattern with the lowest risk among the 1,945 birth cohort. Conclusions The differential trends observed for Australia for seminomas and non- seminomas are consistent with those reported for the United States, but slightly different to those reported for Europe. The trends may be at least partly due to changes over time in the prevalence of etiologic or protective factors around the time of birth.\n      </p>", "Objective Growing evidence that ultrafine particles in ambient air can cause brain lesions in animals led us to investigate whether particulate components of air pollution may be associated with brain cancer risk in humans. Air pollution has been associated with respiratory disorders and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, but associations between air pollutants and brain cancer have not been investigated in adults. Methods The analyses included 1,284 deaths due to brain cancer from the Cancer Prevention Study-II, an ongoing prospective mortality study of adults in the United States and Puerto Rico conducted by the American Cancer Society. Air pollution data from national databases for metropolitan areas were combined with residential history and vital status data to estimate exposure to particulate and gaseous air pollution. Results We found no elevated risk for estimated measures of air pollutants, an unanticipated reduction in risk was found between gaseous air pollutants and brain cancer mortality. Conclusion The findings do not provide evidence of increased risk of brain cancer mortality due to air pollutants.\n      </p>", "The instigation of mass screening for breast cancer has, over the last three decades, raised various statistical issues and led to the development of new statistical approaches. Initially, the design of screening trials was the main focus of research but, as the evidence in favour of population-based screening programmes mounts, a variety of other applications have also been identified. These include administrative and quality control tasks, for monitoring routine screening services, as well as epidemiological modelling of incidence and mortality. We review the commonly used methods of cancer screening evaluation, highlight some current issues in breast screening and, using examples from randomized trials and established screening programmes, illustrate the role that statistical science has played in the development of clinical research in this field.\n      </p>", "Background Patients with breast or prostate cancer diagnosed during the summer season have been observed to have better survival. The extent to which this is due to biological and/or health care system related factors is unclear. Methods Using the Swedish Cancer Register and clinical databases, we analyzed overall survival by month of diagnosis among the incident cases of breast (n = 89,630) cancer and prostate (n = 72,375) cancer diagnosed from 1960 to 2004. We retrieved data on tumor stage from 1976 for breast cancer and 1997 for prostate cancer. Cox proportional hazards models were used to calculate relative risk of survival by the season of diagnosis. Results There was a higher hazard ratio of death in men and women diagnosed with cancer in the summer with a relative hazard of 1.20 (95% confidence interval 1.15-1.25) for July for prostate cancer and 1.14 (95% confidence interval 1.09-1.19) for August for breast cancer when compared to being diagnosed in January. This difference coincided with a lower mean number of cases diagnosed per day, and a higher proportion of advanced cases diagnosed in the summer. This pattern of presentation was stronger in the later years. Conclusion The difference in stage distribution explains the seasonal variation in prognosis seen in this study. The variation may be because of structure of the health care system and a strong tradition of vacationing from mid June to mid August. Thus, the health care infrastructure and the late presentation of symptomatic disease may influence cancer survival studied by season of diagnosis substantially.\n      </p>", "The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has developed an estimate of the human cancer risk from dioxin, using the standard low-dose linear extrapolation approach. This estimate has been controversial because of concern that it may overestimate the cancer risk. An alternative approach has been published and was presented to the U.S. EPA Science Advisory Board's Dioxin Review Panel in November 2000. That approach suggests that dioxin is a threshold carcinogen and that the threshold is an order of magnitude above the exposure levels of the general population. We have reexamined the threshold analysis and found that the data have been incorrectly weighted by cohort size. In our reanalysis, without the incorrect weighting, the threshold effect disappears.\n      </p>", "We applied the techniques of spatial autocorrelation (SA) analysis to 40 cancer mortality distributions in Western Europe. One of the aims of these methods is to describe the scale over which spatial patterns of mortalities occur, which may provide suggestions concerning the agents bringing about the patterns. We analyzed 355 registration areas, applying one- and two-dimensional SA as well as local SA techniques. We find that cancer mortalities are unusually strongly spatially structured, implying similar spatial structuring of the responsible agents. The small number of spatial patterns (4 or 5) in the 40 cancer mortalities suggests there are fewer spatially patterned agents than the number of cancers studied. SA present in variables will bias the results of conventional statistical tests applied to them. After correcting for such bias, some pairwise correlations of cancer mortality distributions remain significant, suggesting inherent, epidemiologically meaningful correlations. Local SA is a useful technique for exploring epidemiological maps. It found homogeneous high overall cancer mortalities in Denmark and homogeneous low mortalities in southern Italy, as well as a very heterogeneous pattern for ovarian cancer in Ireland.\n      </p>", "Objective High levels of microsatellite instability (MSI-H) have been associated in many studies with improved prognosis in colon cancer. Very few studies have evaluated the effect of MSI-H on rectal cancer survival. We assessed MSI-H and other genetic and epigenetic changes on survival of 990 individuals diagnosed with first primary rectal cancer. Methods MSI was assessed primarily by instability in the mononucleotide repeat BAT-26. The BRAF V600E mutation was assessed by TaqMan assay. The CpG island methylator phenotype (CIMP) was determined by methylation-specific PCR of CpG islands in MLH1, methylated in tumors (MINT)1, (MINT)2, (MINT)31 and CDKN2A. KRAS2 codons 12 and 13 mutations, and TP53 mutations in exons 5-8 were determined by sequencing. Results Multivariate analysis revealed that MSI-H (HRR 2.47, 95% CI 1.13-5.40) and KRAS2 mutations (HRR 1.37, 95% CI 1.04-1.81) were associated with a significantly higher risk of dying of rectal cancer. Only one of 22 MSI-H tumors showed a BRAF V600E mutation. Of 15 MSI-H rectal cancers evaluated for methylation, two exhibited MLH1 methylation and four exhibited CIMP. Conclusion The genetic and epigenetic characteristics of MSI-H rectal cancers suggest that they are enriched for Lynch-associated tumors; adverse prognosis associated with MSI-H in these tumors may reflect the relatively high frequency of Lynch-associated cancers and/or the effect of radiation or chemotherapy on Lynch-associated rectal cancers or MSI tumors in general.\n      </p>", "The hypothesis that antibiotic use may increase cancer risk was first proposed several decades ago and some research suggests an increased risk of breast cancer among women with conditions likely to require long-term antibiotic use (e.g., acne, recurrent urinary-tract infections, UTI). However, this hypothesis has not been verified and the possible biological mechanisms are not entirely clear. A recent cohort study in Finland reported an increased risk of breast-cancer associated with antibiotic use for UTI. The effect of antibiotics on the ability of intestinal microflora to metabolise phytochemicals from edible plants into compounds that may protect against cancer was proposed as a potential mechanism. We extend this hypothesis by proposing that antibiotic use may be associated with breast-cancer risk through effects on immune and inflammatory factors, such as cytokines, T lymphocytes, prostaglandins, and matrix metalloproteinases, as well as disruption of phytochemical and oestrogen metabolism by intestinal microflora. We suggest that some mechanisms may increase breast-cancer risk, while others may decrease risk, depending on the antibiotic classification.\n      </p>", "This study compares cancer mortality and incidence of ethnic German migrants from the Former Soviet Union (FSU) in Germany. Data were obtained from two migrant cohorts residing in the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) (n = 34,393) and Saarland (n = 18,619). Vital status of the NRW cohort was ascertained through local population registries. Causes of death were obtained from the NRW statistical office or from local health offices. Cancer incidence of the Saarland cohort was derived from the Saarland cancer registry using record linkage. From 1990 to 2005, we observed 708 cancer deaths and 586 incident cancer cases. In males, both cancer incidence and cancer mortality were similar to the German population. Female cancer incidence and mortality were lower, the latter significantly. Site-specific standardized mortality and incidence ratios showed great variation in comparison to Germans and were remarkably similar to each other for most sites. Lung cancer was elevated among males, but lower among females. Stomach cancer was higher contrasting with lower ratios for prostate cancer, male colorectal cancer, and female breast cancer. Results confirm that FSU-migrants suffer from cancers, which may be prevented by prevention programs. Furthermore, we cannot conclude a different health-seeking behavior compared to Germans.\n      </p>", "Objective: To describe cancer survivors' beliefs about the causes of prostate, colorectal or breast cancers. Methods: A survey of beliefs about cancer causation was completed by 670 cancer survivors (416 with breast cancer, 165 with prostate cancer and 89 with colorectal cancer) enrolled in a population-based study in Colorado. Categorical analysis was used to describe associations between participant's beliefs about the cause of their cancer type, both in themselves and in others, and personal characteristics, including gender, age, and familial cancer risk. Results: Cancer survivors most frequently reported genetic factors, smoking, environmental factors (e.g., pollutants or occupation), and psychosocial factors (e.g., stress) as causing their type of cancer. Respondents underestimated the importance of behavioral factors that are known to be associated with increased cancer risk, such as obesity and physical inactivity, while overestimating the importance of stress and environmental pollution. Conclusions: Cancer survivors' beliefs about what causes cancer are substantially different than those of experts. Because those affected by cancer should be well informed about the causes of cancer, educational efforts are needed, especially regarding the importance of factors that can be modified to reduce cancer risk.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To examine the incidence and mortality of cancer near the Pan Britannica Industries factory, Waltham Abbey, after reports of a possible cluster of all cancers and brain cancer in the vicinity. Method\u2014Small area study of cancer incidence 1977\u201389, and mortality 1981\u201392, within a 7\u00b75 km radius of the factory site. Postcoded cancer registrations and deaths in the study area were extracted from national data sets held by the Small Area Health Statistics Unit and compared with expected numbers computed by applying national rates stratified for age, sex, and deprivation to the local population (1981 and 1991 censuses). Observed/expected (O/E) ratios were examined from 0\u20131 km and 0\u20137\u00b75 km of the plant, and tests applied for a decline in relative risk with distance up to 7\u00b75 km. Results\u2014There were 12 859 incident cancers (1977\u201389) from 0\u20137\u00b75 km (O/E ratio 1\u00b704; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1\u00b702 to 1\u00b706) and 385 from 0\u20131 km (O/E 1\u00b710; 1\u00b700 to 1\u00b722). There was an excess of skin melanoma from 0\u20131 km based on 11 cases (O/E 2\u00b713; 1\u00b706 to 3\u00b780), and an excess from 0\u20137\u00b75 km of cancer of the lung, stomach and pancreas combined, and prostate (O/Es ranged from 1\u00b709 to 1\u00b713). Only the findings from lung cancer were suggestive of a decline in risk with distance, especially in the later period (1982\u20139). There were 9196 cancer deaths (1981\u201392) from 0\u20137\u00b75 km (O/E 1\u00b704; 95% CI 1\u00b702 to 1\u00b706) and 308 from 0\u20131 km (O/E 1\u00b724; 1\u00b711 to 1\u00b739); and 25 507 non-cancer deaths (O/E 1\u00b702; 1\u00b701 to 1\u00b704) from 0\u20137\u00b75 km and 745 (O/E 1\u00b714; 1\u00b706 to 1\u00b722) from 0\u20131 km. There was evidence of a decline in mortality with distance for all cancers combined, lung cancer (P = 0\u00b7001 for each), and colorectal cancer (P &lt; 0\u00b705), and also for non-cancers (P = 0\u00b7001). Proportional mortality analyses suggested a decline in risk with distance for lung cancer (P = 0\u00b7003) but not for all cancers or the site specific cancers examined. There was no evidence of an excess in the incidence or mortality from brain cancer. For cancer mortality in the inner-most wards, the findings were, for the most part, well within the range of variation across the region as a whole. Conclusions\u2014The study provides limited and inconsistent evidence for a localised excess of cancer in the vicinity of the PBI plant. At present, further investigation does not seem warranted other than continued surveillance of mortality and cancer incidence in the locality.\n      </p>", "Cervical cancer is a major cause of suffering and premature death among women in the developing world, yet it is largely prevented in most higher-income countries. From an equity perspective, cervical cancer is unequally distributed globally in ways that are unnecessary, avoidable and unjust. Although cost-effectiveness analyses demonstrate that prevention measures are justified in low-resource countries, affordability and lack of prioritisation have contributed to a lack of progress. This paper describes the inequities in cervical cancer disease burden, barriers in access to and utilisation of services, and the underlying conditions of poverty and low socio-economic status that put women in a disadvantaged position. These social disadvantages are aggravated by the disease itself, with serious consequences for women, their families and communities. Remedies are available in the form of new prevention and treatment approaches, including vaccines against human papillomavirus (HPV), rapid HPV testing, visual inspection of the cervix with acetic acid (VIA) and cryotherapy. These technologies could help to overcome the social, economic, and political disadvantages that contribute to disparities in cervical cancer incidence and mortality through an optimal combination of vaccination, screening and treatment. In the long run, however, increasing women's access to care will also require societies to address structural barriers related to health systems and poverty. /// Le cancer du col de l'ut\u00e9rus est une cause majeure de souffrance et de d\u00e9c\u00e8s pr\u00e9matur\u00e9 dans le monde en d\u00e9veloppement. Pourtant, il est surtout pr\u00e9venu dans les pays riches. Cette forme de cancer est r\u00e9partie in\u00e9galement dans le monde pour des motifs \u00e9vitables et injustes. M\u00eame si les analyses de rentabilit\u00e9 montrent que les mesures de pr\u00e9vention sont justifi\u00e9es dans les pays \u00e0 faible revenu, les co\u00fbts et une priorit\u00e9 insuffisante ont contribu\u00e9 \u00e0 un manque de progr\u00e8s. Cet article d\u00e9crit les in\u00e9galit\u00e9s de la charge de morbidit\u00e9 du cancer du col de l'ut\u00e9rus, les obstacles \u00e0 l'acc\u00e8s et \u00e0 l'utilisation des services, ainsi que la pauvret\u00e9 et le m\u00e9diocre statut socio-\u00e9conomique qui placent les femmes dans une position d\u00e9favoris\u00e9e. Ces handicaps sociaux sont aggrav\u00e9s par la maladie elle-m\u00eame, qui a de graves cons\u00e9quences pour les femmes, leur famille et leur communaut\u00e9. Les solutions sont disponibles avec de nouvelles m\u00e9thodes de pr\u00e9vention et de traitement, notamment les vaccins contre le papillomavirus humain (PVH), les tests rapides du PVH, l'inspection visuelle apr\u00e8s application d'acide ac\u00e9tique (VIA) et la cryoth\u00e9rapie. Ces techniques pourraient surmonter les handicaps sociaux, \u00e9conomiques et politiques qui contribuent aux disparit\u00e9s dans l'incidence de la maladie et sa mortalit\u00e9 par une association optimale de vaccination, d\u00e9pistage et traitement. N\u00e9anmoins, \u00e0 long terme, \u00e9largir l'acc\u00e8s des femmes aux soins exigera aussi des soci\u00e9t\u00e9s qu'elles l\u00e8vent les obstacles structurels li\u00e9s aux syst\u00e8mes de sant\u00e9 et \u00e0 la pauvret\u00e9. /// El c\u00e1ncer cervical es una causa principal de sufrimiento y muerte prematura entre las mujeres de los pa\u00edses en desarrollo; sin embargo, en pa\u00edses con ingresos m\u00e1s elevados, se evita en gran medida. Desde un punto de vista de equidad, el c\u00e1ncer cervical es distribuido de manera desigual mundialmente, en formas que son innecesarias, evitables e injustas. Aunque los an\u00e1lisis de costo-eficacia demuestran que las medidas de prevenci\u00f3n se justifican en pa\u00edses con escasos recursos, se han logrado pocos avances debido a la falta de asequibilidad y priorizaci\u00f3n. En este art\u00edculo se describen las injusticias en el impacto de la enfermedad del c\u00e1ncer cervical, las barreras en el acceso a los servicios y la utilizaci\u00f3n de estos, y las condiciones subyacentes de pobreza y baja condici\u00f3n socioecon\u00f3mica, que no favorecen a las mujeres. Estas desventajas sociales son agravadas por la enfermedad en s\u00ed, con graves consecuencias para las mujeres, sus familias y sus comunidades. Existen remedios en la forma de nuevas modalidades de prevenci\u00f3n y tratamiento, como vacunas contra el virus del papiloma humano (VPH), pruebas r\u00e1pidas de VPH, inspecci\u00f3n visual del c\u00e9rvix con \u00e1cido ac\u00e9tico (IVAA) y crioterapia. Estas tecnolog\u00edas podr\u00edan ayudar a superar las desventajas sociales, econ\u00f3micas y pol\u00edticas que contribuyen a las disparidades en la incidencia del c\u00e1ncer cervical y la mortalidad a causa de \u00e9ste, mediante una combinaci\u00f3n \u00f3ptima de vacunaci\u00f3n, tamizaje y tratamiento. No obstante, a la larga no s\u00f3lo ser\u00e1 necesario ampliar el acceso de las mujeres a la atenci\u00f3n m\u00e9dica sino tambi\u00e9n vencer las barreras estructurales relacionadas con los sistemas de salud y la pobreza.\n      </p>", "Objectives: We introduce and describe the Breast Cancer and the Environment Research Centers (BCERC), a research network with a transdisciplinary approach to elucidating the role of environmental factors in pubertal development as a window on breast cancer etiology. We describe the organization of four national centers integrated into the BCERC network. Data Sources: Investigators use a common conceptual framework based on multiple levels of biologic, behavioral, and social organization across the life span. The approach connects basic biologic studies with rodent models and tissue culture systems, a coordinated multicenter epidemiologic cohort study of prepubertal girls, and the integration of community members of breast cancer advocates as key members of the research team to comprise the network. Data Extraction: Relevant literature is reviewed that describes current knowledge across levels of organization. Individual research questions and hypotheses in BCERC are driven by gaps in our knowledge that are presented at genetic, metabolic, cellular, individual, and environmental (physical and social) levels. Data Synthesis: As data collection on the cohort, animal experiments, and analyses proceed, results will be synthesized through a transdisciplinary approach. Conclusion: Center investigators are addressing a large number of specific research questions related to early pubertal onset, which is an established risk factor for breast cancer. BCERC research findings aimed at the primary prevention of breast cancer will be disseminated to the scientific community and to the public by breast cancer advocates, who have been integral members of the research process from its inception.\n      </p>", "Reduced blood fibrinolytic activity (FA) has been postulated in cancer. It is good to know if this is also the case in Africans with breast cancer. Africans are known to possess enhanced fibrinolysis. This study was designed to assess the effect of breast cancer on fibrinolytic activity and the effect of mastectomy on fibrinolysis in African women. Sixty histo-patholically proven breast cancer patients aged 25 - 45 years were compared with 50 healthy age-matched controls. Plasma fibrinogen levels and euglobulin lysis time (ELT) were estimated in breast cancer patients and the controls. Patients with breast cancer had significantly increased fibrinogen levels euglobulin lysis time (P &lt; 0.001) compared with controls. There was significant mean difference between pre and post-mastectomy fibrinogen and euglobulin lysis time values (p &lt; 0.05). Progressive significant decrease in fibrinogen levels and euglobulin lysis time values (P &lt; 0.05) were observed over the weeks studied respectively. African women with breast cancer have defective fibrin clearing which could predispose them to thrombotic diathesis and early mastectomy may be beneficial. We suggest that fibrinolytic components may be a prognostic marker for breast cancer. /// L'activit\u00e9 fibrinolytique du sang r\u00e9duite (AF) a \u00e9t\u00e9 postul\u00e9e dans le cancer. Il faut bien savoir si c'est le cas chez les Africains atteints du cancer du sein. On reconna\u00eet chez les Africains une fibrinolyse exalt\u00e9e. Cette \u00e9tude a \u00e9t\u00e9 men\u00e9e pour \u00e9valuer l'effet du cancer du sein sur l'activit\u00e9 fibrinolytique et l'effet de la mammectomie sur la fibrinolyse chez les femmes africaines. Soixante femmes atteintes du cancer du sein et qui sont \u00e2g\u00e9es de 25-45 ans dont les cas ont \u00e9t\u00e9 confirm\u00e9s histo-pathologiquement ont \u00e9t\u00e9 compar\u00e9es \u00e0 cinquante femmes de m\u00eames \u00e2ges qui n'\u00e9taient pas atteintes, servant des cas t\u00e9moin. Le niveau du fibrinog\u00e8ne du plasma et le temps de lyse engloblines (TLE) ont \u00e9t\u00e9 calcul\u00e9s chez les patientes atteintes du cancer du sein et chez les femmes t\u00e9moin. Les femmes atteinte du cancer du sein ont eu des niveaux \u00e9lev\u00e9s du fibrinog\u00e8ne et du temps de lyse eugloblines (P &lt; 0,001) par rapport au groupe t\u00e9moin. Il y a eu une diff\u00e9rence moyenne importante entre la pre et la post mammectomie du fibrinog\u00e8ne et des valeurs du temps de lyse (p &lt; 0,05). Au cours des semaines \u00e9tudi\u00e9es respectivement, nous avons remarqu\u00e9 une baisse significative progressive dans les niveaux du fibrinog\u00e8ne et dans les valeurs du temps de lyse (p &lt; 0,05). Les femmes africaines qui sont atteintes du cancer du sein ont une d\u00e9puration de la fibrine qui les dispose \u00e0 la diath\u00e8se thrombotique et une mammectomie pr\u00e9coce peut \u00eatre salutaire. Nous sugg\u00e9rons que les \u00e9t\u00e9ments fibrinolytiques peuvent \u00eatre un indice pronostique pour le cancer du sein.\n      </p>", "Increasing cancer rates are a world wide problem. Efforts towards controlling cancer are most effectively implemented through national cancer control programs. The literature has emphasized prevention and screening as main starting points; by applying what we know a substantial amount of cancer could be prevented. As well, in the areas of access to care, treatment and palliation, there are also many gains to be made. However, despite advances in fundamental and applied research across the cancer continuum, there continue to be delays between research discovery and application. Translation of research knowledge has focused on means traditionally part of the research process such as publication in journals. While knowledge may be disseminated via these methods, they appear to have little impact on implementation of new approaches in practice or policy. Research in the area of knowledge translation identifies important elements and strategies most effective in the translation of research findings. Adding a knowledge translation component to national cancer control programs can help ensure that even small efforts directed at cancer control can have maximum impact.\n      </p>", "Objective Few investigations of breast cancer among men have been conducted because of the relative rarity of this malignancy. The objective of this analysis was to compare the demographic, pathological, and clinical features of breast cancer among men and women. Methods Breast cancer among 6379 men and 744,275 women was identified through 34 US population-based registries in the US during the period 1996 to 2000. These registries were estimated to represent 69% of the US population. Age-adjusted incidence rates (AAIR) were calculated per million population using counts derived from the 2000 US census. Results The AAIR of breast cancer among men (16.6) was substantially lower than the incidence among women (1557.7). Rates of breast cancer among black men were higher than among white and Asian-Pacific Island men, in contrast to women among whom rates in whites exceeded those among other ethnic groups. Similar to women, breast cancer rates among non-Hispanic men were 50% greater than among Hispanic men. Ductal cancer was the most common histologic type diagnosed in both sexes. The incidence of lobular cancer was rare in men, but Paget's disease and papillary carcinoma occurred with lower relative frequency in women than in men. Lobular breast cancers were less common among black men and women than among other ethnic groups. In situ breast cancer was diagnosed in 10.8% of men and 16.2% of women. Localized breast cancer was the most common stage at diagnosis in both sexes and all ethnic groups, although women were more likely than men to be diagnosed at a localized stage. Cancer was 10% more likely to be diagnosed in the left breast than the right breast among men compared to 4% in women. Conclusions In spite of the rare incidence of breast cancer in men, the descriptive epidemiology of this malignancy is surprisingly similar to that in women. An explanation for the greater relative incidence of breast cancer in black men is a research challenge.\n      </p>", "Objective Reliable cancer burden estimates are rarely available from most developing countries where cancer registration is lacking. This study provided estimates on the current and future number of lung cancer deaths in Indonesia, Vietnam and Ethiopia, and Sub-Saharan Africa at large. Methods The number of lung cancer deaths was estimated from detailed smoking prevalence data (obtained from surveys among 8,726 rural individuals aged 25-74 years in Indonesia, Vietnam, and Ethiopia in 2005-2006) and on lung cancer rate estimates among nonsmokers. Results Our estimate for lung cancer deaths in Sub-Saharan Africa is 44,076 in 2005, which is 2.6 times the most recent WHO estimate in 2003 (17,000 deaths). A similar ratio is found for the country-specific estimate in Ethiopia. Our estimates are only slightly higher than the WHO's in Indonesia, and Vietnam. The attributable risk of smoking for lung cancer death among men was 39% in Ethiopia, 80% in Indonesia and 85% in Vietnam. We expect the annual number of lung cancer deaths to double by 2025, even if the smoking prevalence is assumed not to increase further. Conclusions WHO estimates on lung cancer deaths in Asia appear to be slightly lower than our study results; however, in Africa, the burden appears to be largely underestimated.\n      </p>", "Rad51 protein, involved in homologous recombination, is overexpressed in a variety of tumors, and its expression is correlated with a poor prognosis. Here we propose to exploit the overexpression of Rad51 in cancer cells to design a Rad51 promoter-based anticancer therapy. On average, Rad51 mRNA and protein levels are increased in cancer cells four- and sixfold, respectively. Serendipitously, we discovered that when the Rad51 ORF is replaced with another ORF, the difference in promoter activity between normal and cancer cells increases to an average of 840-fold with a maximum difference of 12,500-fold. This dramatic difference in activity has high therapeutic potential. We demonstrate that the fusion of Rad51 promoter to diphtheria toxin A (DTA) gene kills a variety of cancer cell types, including breast cancer, fibrosarcoma, and cervical cancer cells, with minimal effect on normal breast epithelial cells and normal fibroblasts. Our results suggest that therapies based on the Rad51 promoter will be highly tumor specific and open new avenues for targeting a broad range of cancers.\n      </p>", "Chlorination disinfection by-products (CDBPs) are produced during the treatment of water with chlorine to remove bacterial contamination. CDBPs have been associated with an increased risk of bladder cancer. There is also some evidence that they may increase the risk of pancreatic cancer. We report results from a population-based case-control study of 486 incident cases of pancreatic cancer and 3,596 age- and sex-matched controls. Exposure to chlorination by-products was estimated by linking lifetime residential histories to two different databases containing information on CDBP levels in municipal water supplies. Logistic regression analysis found no evidence of increased pancreatic cancer risk at higher CDBP concentrations (all odds ratios &lt; 1.3). Null findings were also obtained assuming a latency period for pancreatic cancer induction of 3, 8, or 13 years.\n      </p>", "Background: Smoking has long been suspected to be a risk factor for cervical cancer. However, not all previous studies have properly controlled for the effect of human papillomavirus (HPV) infection, which has now been established as a virtually necessary cause of cervical cancer. To evaluate the role of smoking as a cofactor of progression from HPV infection to cancer, we performed a pooled analysis of 10 previously published case-control studies. This analysis is part of a series of analyses of cofactors of HPV in the aetiology of cervical cancer. Methods: Data were pooled from eight case-control studies of invasive cervical carcinoma (ICC) and two of carcinoma in situ (CIS) from four continents. All studies used a similar protocol and questionnaires and included a PCR-based evaluation of HPV DNA in cytological smears or biopsy specimens. Only subjects positive for HPV DNA were included in the analysis. A total of 1463 squamous cell ICC cases were analyzed, along with 211 CIS cases, 124 adeno- or adeno-squamous ICC cases and 254 control women. Pooled odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using logistic regression models controlling for sexual and non-sexual confounding factors. Results: There was an excess risk for ever smoking among HPV positive women (OR 2.17 95% CI 1.46-3.22). When results were analyzed by histological type, an excess risk was observed among cases of squamous cell carcinoma for current smokers (OR 2.30, 95% CI 1.31-4.04) and ex-smokers (OR 1.80, 95% CI 0.95-3.44). No clear pattern of association with risk was detected for adenocarcinomas, although the number of cases with this histologic type was limited. Conclusions: Smoking increases the risk of cervical cancer among HPV positive women. The results of our study are consistent with the few previously conducted studies of smoking and cervical cancer that have adequately controlled for HPV infection. Recent increasing trends of smoking among young women could have a serious impact on cervical cancer incidence in the coming years.\n      </p>", "Objective Prostate cancer recurrence impacts patient quality of life and risk of prostate-cancer specific death following definitive treatment. We investigate differences in disease-free survival among white, black, Hispanic, and Asian patients in a large, population-based database. Methods Merged Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results Program (SEER) and Medicare files provided data on 23,353 white patients, 2,814 black patients, 480 Hispanic patients, and 566 Asian patients diagnosed at age 65-84 years with clinically localized prostate cancer between 1986 and 1996 in five SEER sites. Patients were followed through 1998. Racial differences in disease-free survival were assessed using Kaplan-Meier survival curves and Cox regression models. Results The 75th percentile disease-free survival time for black patients was 13 months less than that for white patients (95% confidence interval [CI]: 6.2-19.8 months), 29.7 months less than that for Hispanic patients (95% CI: 4.4-55.0 months), and 39.1 months less than that for Asian patients (95% CI: 12.1-66.1 months). In multivariate analysis, black race predicted shorter disease-free survival among surgery patients, but not among radiation patients. Conclusions Black patients experienced shorter disease-free survival compared to white, Hispanic, and Asian patients, and the disease-free survival of white, Hispanic, and Asian patients were not statistically different. Earlier recurrence of prostate cancer may help explain black patients' increased risk of mortality from prostate cancer.\n      </p>", "Background: Organochlorine (OC) pesticides are a group of environmental endocrine disruptors that may be associated with an increased risk for hormone-related cancers including cancers of the breast and prostate. However, epidemiologic evidence is limited and inconsistent. Objectives and Methods: We used 1999-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data to examine associations between serum concentrations of OC pesticides and prostate and breast cancers. Results: After adjustment for other covariates, serum concentrations of \u03b2-hexachlorocyclohexane (HCH) (p for trend = 0.02), trans-nonachlor (p for trend = 0.002), and dieldrin (p for trend = 0.04) were significantly associated with the risk of prevalent prostate cancer. Adjusted odds ratios for the second and third tertiles of detectable values were 1.46 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.52-4.13] and 3.36 (95% CI, 1.24-9.10) for \u03b2-HCH; 5.84 (95% CI, 1.06-32.2) and 14.1 (95% CI, 2.55-77.9) for trans-nonachlor; and 1.06 (95% CI, 0.30-3.73) and 2.74 (95% CI, 1.01-7.49) for dieldrin compared with concentrations in the lowest tertile or below the limit of detection. However, there was no positive association between serum concentrations of OC pesticides and breast cancer prevalence. Conclusion: Although further study is necessary to confirm these findings, these results suggest that OC pesticide exposures may have a significant effect on cancer risk. Efforts to reduce worldwide OC use are warranted.\n      </p>", "A study of breast cancer mortality and cancer morbidity has been carried out in Spain recently for the period 1977-1988, covering the population of the 17 Autonomous Communities and 50 provinces of the country. Data was obtained from INE, Instituto Nacional de Estad\u00edstica (National Institute of Statistics), with age standardization using the indirect method. The different Autonomous Communities and provinces were compared in order to establish possible significant differences. The crude mean mortality rate was 21 cases per 100,000 inhabitants/year; Las Palmas, Gerona, Barcelona, the Balearic Islands, Navarra and Zaragoza have the highest mortality rates, with a proportional increment of 54% in that period. The crude national mean morbidity rate for the considered period was 64.0 cases per 100,000 inhabitants, and the proportional increment 180%. According to provincial figures, Alava had the highest fitted mean morbidity rate, 135 cases per 100,000 inhabitants, whilst the highest fitted mean rate was Las Palmas (28 cases/100,000 inhabitants), and the highest proportional increment was the rate for the province of Huesca (169%). When using the ANOVA test on the mean rate of the period, for mortality as well as morbidity, we observed significant differences among provinces and among Autonomous Communities (p \u2264 0.05).\n      </p>", "Lung cancer is a major cause of morbidity and mortality. In this paper, the hospital costs incurred by 724 lung cancer patients diagnosed in 2001 were determined by review of case notes. These represented all patients diagnosed with lung cancer in Northern Ireland on whom data existed in that year. Total hospital costs in the 12 months from presentation for the 724 patients were \u00a33.99 million. Average patient costs were \u00a35,956 for patients diagnosed with non-small cell lung cancer and \u00a35,876 for those with small cell lung cancer. The main component of cost was inpatient stay, representing between 62 and 84% of costs depending on cell type. Multivariate analyses revealed significant differences in cost related to staging, co-morbidities, age, and deprivation. Total annual hospital costs were 13 times as high as the estimated enforcement cost of the smoke-free legislation in Northern Ireland.\n      </p>", "Objective The association between meat and egg consumption and breast cancer risk has been examined in previous studies, but the results were inconsistent. We conducted a hospital-based case\u2014control study during June 2007 to August 2008 among Guangdong Chinese women to investigate associations between meat and egg intake and breast cancer risk. Methods Four hundred and thirty-eight consecutively recruited cases with primary breast cancer were frequency matched to 438 controls by age (5-year interval) and residence (rural/urban). Dietary intake was assessed by face-to-face interviews using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were obtained by using multiple unconditional logistic regression adjusted for various dietary and nondietary confounders. Results We observed a borderline increased association of processed meat intake with breast cancer risk (trend test p = 0.066). The multivariate-adjusted OR of breast cancer risk for the highest versus the lowest quartile was 1.44 (95% CI = 0.97\u20142.15). No significant association was found between total and red meat, poultry, fish, and egg intake and risk. Conclusions This study suggested that processed meat intake was associated with a possible increased risk of breast cancer. There was no significant association between consumption of total and red meat, poultry, fish, or egg with breast cancer risk.\n      </p>", "Objective: To examine existing asbestos-exposed occupational cohorts and apply a meta-analytic technique to determine the magnitude of association between exposure and lung cancer and to investigate other cancer sites that may be related to such an exposure. Methods: We summarized the data from 69 asbestos-exposed occupational cohorts reporting on cancer morbidity and mortality. Data were extracted regarding numbers of deaths for each cancer, numbers of mesotheliomas, occupations and latency for respiratory, gastrointestinal, urinary and lymphohematopoietic cancers. For each cancer, we calculated a meta-SMR and examined heterogeneity of results using a chi-square test and by calculating a Z-statistic for each study. To examine the dose-response effect, we divided the studies into tertiles according to the percentage of mesothelioma deaths that served as a proxy estimation of asbestos exposure. Results: Lung cancer data demonstrated meta-SMRs of 163 and 148 with and without latency, respectively, with significant heterogeneity of results even after stratification according to occupational groups. Stratification of lung cancer studies according to percentage of mesothelioma deaths showed a dose-response effect. Z-scores ranged from -12.21 to +29.49. Analysis for laryngeal cancer yielded meta-SMRs of 157 and 133 with and without latency, respectively, demonstrating homogeneous results across studies but accompanied by no evidence of a dose-response effect. Data for gastrointestinal cancers showed no evidence of a significant association and no dose-response effect. Kidney cancer demonstrated statistically non-significant meta-SMRs of 120 (95% CI 88-160) and 111 (95% CI 94-131) with and without latency respectively. Conclusions: This meta-analysis demonstrates a wide variability of the association between occupational asbestos and lung cancer. There was a suggestion of an association between asbestos and laryngeal carcinoma and no clear association with other cancers.\n      </p>", "Objectives Although overweight body mass is an established risk factor for colorectal cancer incidence, few studies have examined the association between body mass index (BMI) and mortality after colorectal cancer diagnosis. We examined survival in a group of postmenopausal women according to BMI. Methods Using the Wisconsin Cancer Reporting System we identified and enrolled 633 postmenopausal women aged 38-74 years who were diagnosed with colorectal cancer in 1988-1991. These women were interviewed by telephone; vital status was ascertained via Wisconsin death certificates. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate multivariate risks of colorectal cancer-specific and all-cause mortality. Results Both underweight (BMI &lt;20.0 kg/m\u00b2) (Hazard Ratio (HR) 2.3, 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 1.0-5.4) and obese (BMI \u2265 30.0 kg/m\u00b2) women (HR 2.1, 95% CI 1.1-3.8) were at increased risk of colon cancer death, as compared to normal weight women (BMI 20.0-24.9 kg/m\u00b2). No association was observed for those with rectal cancer. Approximately 50% increases in all-cause mortality were observed among underweight and obese women with colorectal cancer. Postmenopausal hormone use did not appear to modify these associations. Conclusions Underweight and obese postmenopausal women with colon cancer were at increased risk of death, though comorbidities may partially account for this risk.\n      </p>", "Objectives Lung cancer rates vary considerably among U.S. racial/ethnic groups. We quantitatively analyzed the extent to which these differences can be attributed to differential patterns of smoking. Methods We utilized survey data from the U.S. Census to estimate smoking patterns in the following racial/ethnic groups: non-Hispanic whites, non-Hispanic blacks, Hispanics, Asian/Pacific Islanders and American Indians. We used several dose-response models of smoking and lung cancer to predict relative lung cancer rates in these groups based on reported smoking patterns, specifically, on smoking status (current, former, never), cigarettes per day, age started, and age quit (for former smokers). Predicted rates were compared to observed population rates for these groups. Results Black men had slightly lower predicted lung cancer rates than white men, but had 35-47% higher observed rates. Hispanic men had predicted rates about 25% lower than whites but observed rates 50% lower than whites; predicted rates for Hispanic women were 50% lower than whites compared to observed rates that were 60-70% lower. For Asian/Pacific Islanders, predicted and observed rates relative to whites were comparable. Predicted rates for American Indians were slightly higher than whites while observed rates were about 40% lower. Conclusion Differences in smoking largely explain lower lung cancer rates in Asian/Pacific Islanders relative to whites and partially explain lower rates in Hispanics compared to whites. Increased rates in black men and decreased rates in American Indians are not explained by differences in smoking.\n      </p>", "Objectives. This study develops estimates of long-term, cancer-related treatment cost using a modeling approach and data from the SEER-Medicare linked database. The method is demonstrated for colorectal cancer. Methods. Data on Medicare payments were obtained for colorectal cancer patients for the years 1990 to 1994 from the SEER-Medicare linked database. Claims payment data for control subjects were obtained for Medicare enrollees without cancer residing in the same areas as patients. Estimates of long-term cost (\u226425 years following the date of diagnosis) were obtained by combining treatment/phase-specific cost estimates with estimates of long-term survival from SEER. Treatment phases were defined as initial care, terminal care, and continuing care. Cancer-related estimates for each phase were obtained by subtracting costs for control subjects from the observed costs for cancer patients, matching on age group, gender, and registry area. Estimates of long-term cost \u226411 years obtained by this method were compared with 11-year estimates obtained by application of the Kaplan-Meier sample average (KMSA) method. Results. The mean initial-phase cancer-related cost was approximately $18,000 but was higher among patients with more advanced cancer. The mean continuing-phase cancer-related cost was $1,500 per year and declined with increasing age, but was higher on an annual basis among persons with later stages of cancer and shorter survival time. The mean terminal-phase cancer-related cost was $15,000 and declined with both age at death and more advanced stage at diagnosis. After the phase-specific estimates were combined, the average long-term cancer-related cost was $33,700 ($31,300 at 3% discount rate) for colon cancer compared with $36,500 ($33,800 at 3% discount rate) for cancer of the rectum. This represented about half of the total long-term cost for Medicare enrollees diagnosed with this disease. Long-term cost was highest for Stage III cancer and lowest for in situ cancer. Eleven-year cancer-related costs estimated by the KMSA method were similar to estimates using the phase-based approach. Conclusions. This paper demonstrates that valid estimates of cancer-related long-term cost can be obtained from administrative claims data linked to incidence cancer registry data.\n      </p>", "Objective Although gastric cancer incidence is declining in China, trends may differ from historical patterns in developed countries. Our aim was to (1) retrospectively estimate the effects of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) and smoking on past gastric cancer incidence and (2) project how interventions on these two risk factors can reduce future incidence. Methods We used a population-based model of intestinal-type gastric cancer to estimate gastric cancer incidence between 1985 and 2050. Disease and risk factor data in the model were from community-based epidemiological studies and national prevalence surveys. Results Between 1985 and 2005, age-standardized gastric cancer incidence among Chinese men declined from 30.8 to 27.2 per 100,000 (12%); trends in H. pylori and smoking prevalences accounted for &gt;30% of overall decline. If past risk factor trends continue, gastric cancer incidence will decline an additional 30% by 2050. Yet, annual cases will increase from 116,000 to 201,000 due to population growth and aging. Assuming that H. pylori prevention/treatment and tobacco control are implemented in 2010, the decline in gastric cancer incidence is projected to increase to 33% with universal H. pylori treatment for 20-year-olds, 42% for a hypothetical childhood H. pylori vaccine, and 34% for aggressive tobacco control. Conclusions The decline in gastric cancer incidence has been slower than in developed countries and will be offset by population growth and aging. Public health interventions should be implemented to reduce the total number of cases.\n      </p>", "Epidemiologic evidence on the relationship between selected industries and cancer is reviewed. This article will focus on several industries which have not been covered elsewhere in this volume, briefly describe current research on cancer in the agricultural and construction industries, and discuss surveillance data on cancer mortality in relation to industry listed on US death certificates. Employment in the rubber industry has been associated with bladder cancer, leukemia, stomach, and lung cancer and is considered by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) to have 'sufficient evidence of carcinogenicity in humans.' Studies of workers exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) have reported excess mortality from gastrointestinal neoplasms, hematologic neoplasms, and skin cancer (specifically malignant melanoma); IARC considers that the evidence for carcinogenicity in humans is 'limited.' Employment in the boot and shoe industry has been associated with nasal adenocarcinomas in England and Italy ('sufficient'). Hairdressers and barbers have been found to have excess bladder cancer and less consistent evidence for several other sites ('limited'). Workers exposed to wood dust have excess mortality from cancer of the nasal sinuses and paranasal cavities; there is less consistent evidence for excess laryngeal cancer ('sufficient'). Workers employed in the petroleum industry have limited evidence for excess leukemia and other lymphatic and hematopoietic neoplasms, and skin cancer (particularly malignant melanoma) ('limited').\n      </p>", "Following linkage between the NSW Central Cancer Registry (CCR) and the NSW Midwives Data Collection, an investigation of the association between maternal smoking during pregnancy and the risk of childhood cancer in their offspring was undertaken. Children born in NSW between 1994 and 2005, inclusive of 1,045,966 babies, were matched to 948 cancer cases in the CCR. After adjustment for maternal age, gestational age, baby's gender, birth weight, remoteness index, socioeconomic disadvantage and maternal health factors, no association (OR = 0.96, 95% CI 0.81-1.15, p = 0.68) was found with childhood cancer between mothers who smoked (81/100,000) and those who did not smoke during pregnancy (99/100, 000). Maternal smoking was, however, significantly associated with retinoblastoma (OR = 2.20, 95% CI 1.19-4.09, p = 0.01). Association between maternal smoking and preterm birth and low birth weight was significant. Maternal smoking during pregnancy is significantly associated with retinoblastoma and adverse birth outcomes. These results should be highlighted to expectant mothers through antitobacco-smoking campaigns.\n      </p>", "Background Approximately 88% of the lung cancer deaths in men and 71% in women occurring in the US are attributable to cigarette smoking, with almost 3,700 annual lung cancer deaths in Massachusetts. In the state, male lung cancer death rates are showing a per year annual decline following a peak in the early 1990s. Such recent declines could be mostly attributed to tobacco control efforts over the past 40 years. Method This study predicts how many fewer lung cancer deaths have occurred in Massachusetts possibly attributable to tobacco control activities. The study employs the US National Cancer Institute's \"Joinpoint\" Regression Analysis Program (version 3.0) using statewide age-standardized (2000 US Standard Population) lung cancer death rates from 1931 to 2003 for each of the sexes. 95% confidence intervals (CI) were also calculated. Results Modeled male lung cancer death rates stabilized from the calendar year 1977 onwards but showed significant decline from 1992 onwards, while females showed a deceleration in rising lung cancer rates from 1993 onwards. Therefore, based on their corresponding beta-coefficients (slope) and standard error for each of the two calendar years 19,665 (95% CI: 18,655; 20,765) fewer lung cancer deaths in males and 3,855 (95% CI: 3,630; 4,055) fewer lung cancer deaths in females were estimated to have occurred from 1977 to 1993 onwards, respectively, largely because of the anti-smoking interventions in the past. Conclusions Reductions in tobacco smoking are a major factor in the decrease in lung cancer mortality rates. Sustained progress in tobacco control is essential.\n      </p>", "Objective: To determine risk factor profiles and cancer incidence rates among participants in the California Teachers Study (CTS), a study designed to document high breast cancer incidence rates of California teachers and to investigate emergent hypotheses in the etiology of breast and other cancers. Methods: The CTS is a prospective study of 133,479 California female teachers and administrators, established in 1995-1996 with members of the California State Teachers Retirement System completing a detailed mailed questionnaire regarding possible risk factors for breast and other cancers. Cancer outcomes were identified by linkage with the California Cancer Registry. Results: CTS participants have a 51% higher age-standardized invasive breast cancer incidence rate and a 67% higher in-situ breast cancer incidence rate than would be expected based on race-specific statewide rates after three years of follow-up. CTS participants also have substantially elevated rates of endometrial cancer (rate ratio, RR = 1.72), ovarian cancer (RR = 1.28), melanoma (RR = 1.59), non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (RR = 1.53), and leukemia (RR = 1.28), but low rates of invasive cervix cancer (RR = 0.53) and lung cancer (RR = 0.66). Conclusions: CTS members have high rates of several major cancers, particularly breast cancer, and low rates of lung and cervix cancer. Although late age at first birth can explain a portion of the observed excess risk of breast cancer in this cohort, the unique risk factor profile of CTS members may account for much of their higher risk of breast and selected other cancers. The CTS offers a rich resource for future studies of cancer risk and of women's health, in general.\n      </p>", "Introduction: Limited information is available on trends in breast cancer mortality by region of the country. Methods: Rates for broad age groups were calculated from 1950 to 1999 for whites and 1970-1999 for blacks for four census regions and 508 state economic areas of the United States. Results: For white women ages 50-64 years, the mortality relative risk [RR] for the Northeast compared to the South was 1.48 in 1950-1959 and 1.15 in 1990-1999. Rates increased in all regions from the 1950s to 1960s but more substantially in the South, increased slightly in the 1970s in all regions, declined slightly in the Northeast, Midwest and West but not in the South in the 1980s, and declined more in the Northeast, Midwest and West than in the South in the 1990s. Among similarly aged black women, the RRs for the Northeast compared to the South were 1.13 and 1.0 in 1970-1979 and 1990-1999, respectively. Among these women, rates increased in all regions in the 1980s; in the 1990s rates declined in the Northeast, Midwest and West but continued to increase in the South. Conclusion: The historically lower breast cancer mortality rates in the South have been eroded because of relatively less favorable trends in the South.\n      </p>", "Tissues of multicellular organisms consist of stem cells and differentiated cells. Stem cells divide to produce new stem cells or differentiated cells. Differentiated cells divide to produce new differentiated cells. We show that such a tissue design can reduce the rate of fixation of mutations that increase the net proliferation rate of cells. It has, however, no consequence for the rate of fixation of neutral mutations. We calculate the optimum relative abundance of stem cells that minimizes the rate of generating cancer cells. There is a critical fraction of stem cell divisions that is required for a stochastic elimination ('wash out') of cancer cells.\n      </p>", "In 1971, President Nixon declared war on cancer. Thirty years later, many declared this war a failure: the age-adjusted mortality rate from cancer in 2000 was essentially the same as in the early 1970s. Meanwhile the age-adjusted mortality rate from cardiovascular disease fell dramatically. Since the causes that underlie cancer and cardiovascular disease are likely dependent, the decline in mortality rates from cardiovascular disease may partially explain the lack of progress in cancer mortality. Because competing risks models (used to model mortality from multiple causes) are fundamentally unidentified, it is difficult to estimate cancer trends. We derive bounds for aspects of the underlying distributions without assuming that the underlying risks are independent. We then estimate changes in cancer and cardiovascular mortality since 1970. The bounds for the change in duration until death for either cause are fairly tight and suggest much larger improvements in cancer than previously estimated.\n      </p>", "Objectives: Cancer survival information is available only in areas covered by cancer registration. The objective of this study is to project cancer survival for the entire US as well as states from survival data from the National Cancer Institute's Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) program. Methods: Five-year breast, prostate, and colorectal cancer relative survival rates from SEER are regressed on socioeconomic, demographic, and health variables at the county level. These models are first validated by comparing the observed rates with projected rates for counties not used in the estimation process. Results: Education was the best indicator of longer cancer survival. Other important predictors of the geographical variability of survival varied by cancer site. Better survival was predicted for breast and prostate than for colorectal cancer. Conclusions: Data from cancer registries can be used in ecological models to provide national and state estimates of patients' survival rates. These estimates are useful in targeting areas in which to promote earlier diagnosis or improved access to care, and may also aid in monitoring the quality of survival data collected by individual cancer registries.\n      </p>", "Background: Utilization of hospice services has been shown to vary by place of residence and patient characteristics. Objectives. The purpose of this study was to examine whether such variation has changed over time. Hospice utilization is examined as a function of sociodemographic characteristics, geographic location, type of insurance, and year of death. Research Design: This study used a retrospective cohort design. Subjects. We used data from the linked Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results (SEER)-Medicare database to study hospice utilization in subjects aged 67 and older diagnosed with breast, colorectal, lung, or prostate cancer from 1991 to 1996 and who died between 1991 and 1999. Results: Of the 170,136 subjects aged 67 and older who died from 1991 through 1999, 51,345 (30.2%) were enrolled in hospice before they died. Hospice utilization varied significantly by patient characteristics, including type of insurance, age, marital status, race and ethnicity, gender, urban versus rural residence, type of cancer, income level, and education level. This variation, however, decreased over time for subgroups defined by type of insurance, marital status, urban residence, and income. Variation in hospice use increased over time as a function of age and type of cancer. There was no change in variation in use in blacks compared with non-Hispanic whites over time. Conclusions: The variation in hospice use by several patient characteristics is decreasing over time, a finding consistent with the manner in which new medical technologies diffuse.\n      </p>", "The Norwegian Department of Health and Social Affairs initiated a national screening program for cervical cancer in 1990, with all women aged 25 to 70 years to be offered cervical screening every three years. During the first three years of the program (November 1991-October 1994), all spontaneous cervical cytology in Norway was recorded at the Norwegian Cancer Registry. In addition, women in the counties of Vestfold and S\u00f8r-Tr\u00f8ndelag were invited individually to be screened. The aim of the present study was principally to evaluate the organizational aspects of a nationwide, population-based screening program for cervical cancer in Norway. Special attention was paid to the coverage, the attendance rate, and the cytologic findings in the two-county study area. A total of 1,581,379 Pap smears were recorded from November 1991 to October 1994. Most smears were taken from women under age 30 years (31.7 percent). About 25 percent of the women aged 25 to 29 years had more than one normal smear. In the study area, a coverage of about 71 percent in the age group 25 to 69 years was achieved. The pilot project also has shown that it is possible to recruit elderly women into screening. However, no difference was noted between the study and the reference area with regard to findings per smear of precursor lesions (CIN 3, modified SNOMED coding system). The experiences from three years of recording and the implementation of the pilot project have provided useful guidelines for the national screening which began in January 1995.\n      </p>", "Background. Cancer-specific medical care costs are used by health service researchers, medical decision analysts, and health care policymakers. The SEER-Medicare database is a unique data resource that makes it possible to derive incidence- and prevalence-based estimates of cancer-related medical care costs by site and stage of disease, by treatment approach, and for age and gender strata for individuals older than 65 years. Objectives. This paper describes the cost-related data available in the SEER-Medicare database, and discusses techniques and methods that have been used to derive various cost estimates from these data. The limitations of SEER-Medicare data as a source of cost estimates are also discussed. Results. Examples of cost estimates for colorectal and breast cancer derived from SEER-Medicare are presented, including estimates of incidence-based cost (average cost per patient) by the initial, terminal, and continuing care phases of cancer treatment. Estimates of cancer-related treatment costs, costs by type of treatment, and long-term costs are presented, as are prevalence-based costs (aggregate Medicare and national expenditures) by cancer type.\n      </p>", "This article reviews the burden of cervical cancer in South Africa and shows that it remains the most common cancer among South African women, particularly women with least access to cervical cancer screening. It explains the rationale behind the South African cervical cancer screening policy, which is to offer all asymptomatic women three free cervical smears in a lifetime, beginning at age 30, 10 years apart. Further, it illustrates that cervical cancer screening offers unique opportunities for prevention at both the primary and secondary levels. The causal association of human papillomavirus infection of the cervix and the possibility for vaccination against the virus is discussed. The history of screening in South Africa and why it has failed to make a major impact to date on the morbidity and mortality of cervical cancer is also discussed. Finally, possible alternative approaches to cervical cytology for the prevention of cervical cancer are briefly reviewed. /// Cet article examine la charge du cancer du col de l'ut\u00e9rus en Afrique du Sud et montre qu'il demeure le cancer le plus fr\u00e9quent chez les Sud-Africaines, en particulier celles qui ont le moins acc\u00e8s au d\u00e9pistage. Il explique les justifications de la politique de d\u00e9pistage de cette maladie en Afrique du Sud, qui est d'assurer \u00e0 toutes les femmes asymptomatiques trois frottis gratuits pendant leur vie, d\u00e8s l'\u00e2ge de 30 ans, \u00e0 dix ans d'intervalle. De plus, il montre que le d\u00e9pistage du cancer du col de l'ut\u00e9rus offre des possibilit\u00e9s uniques de pr\u00e9vention aux niveaux primaire et secondaire. Il aborde l'association causale avec l'infection \u00e0 papillomavirus humain et l'\u00e9ventualit\u00e9 d'une vaccination contre le virus. Il d\u00e9crit aussi l'histoire du d\u00e9pistage en Afrique du Sud et explique pourquoi il n'a pu jusqu'\u00e0 pr\u00e9sent r\u00e9duire sensiblement la morbidit\u00e9 et la mortalit\u00e9 par cancer du col de l'ut\u00e9rus. Enfin, il \u00e9voque bri\u00e8vement d'autres approches possibles de la cytologie cervicale pour la pr\u00e9vention de ce cancer. /// En este art\u00edculo se examina el impacto del c\u00e1ncer cervical en Sud\u00e1frica, que contin\u00faa siendo el c\u00e1ncer m\u00e1s com\u00fan entre las mujeres sudafricanas, particularmente las que tienen el menor acceso a la detecci\u00f3n sistem\u00e1tica del c\u00e1ncer cervical. Se explica la l\u00f3gica de la pol\u00edtica sudafricana respecto a la detecci\u00f3n sistem\u00e1tica del c\u00e1ncer cervical: ofrecer a cada mujer asintom\u00e1tica tres pruebas gratuitas de Papanicolaou a lo largo de su vida, empezando a los 30 a\u00f1os de edad, a intervalos de 10 a\u00f1os. Adem\u00e1s, se muestra que la detecci\u00f3n sistem\u00e1tica del c\u00e1ncer cervical ofrece oportunidades \u00fanicas para la prevenci\u00f3n tanto en el primer nivel como en el segundo nivel de atenci\u00f3n. Se trata la asociaci\u00f3n causal de la infecci\u00f3n por virus del papiloma humano del c\u00e9rvix y la posibilidad de vacunaci\u00f3n contra el virus, as\u00ed como la historia de la detecci\u00f3n sistem\u00e1tica en Sud\u00e1frica y por qu\u00e9 hasta la fecha no ha logrado disminuir considerablemente las tasas de morbilidad y mortalidad por c\u00e1ncer cervical. Por \u00faltimo, se examinan posibles alternativas a la citolog\u00eda cervical para la prevenci\u00f3n del c\u00e1ncer cervical.\n      </p>", "Context: This article compares the United Kingdom's and the United States' experiences with expensive cancer drugs to illustrate the challenges posed by new, extremely costly, medical technologies. Methods: This article describes British and American coverage, access, and cost-sharing policies with regard to expensive cancer drugs and then compares the costs of eleven such drugs to British patients, American Medicare beneficiaries, and American patients purchasing the drugs in the retail market. Three questions posed by these comparisons are then examined: First, which system is fairer? In which system are cancer patients better off? Assuming that no system can sustainably provide to everyone at least some expensive cancer drugs for some clinical indications, what challenges does each system face in making these difficult determinations? Findings: In both the British and American health care systems, not all patients who might benefit from or desire access to expensive cancer drugs have access to them. The popular characterization of the United States, where all cancer drugs are available for all to access as and when needed, and that of the British NHS, where top-down population rationing poses insurmountable obstacles to British patients' access, are far from the reality in both countries. Conclusions: Key elements of the British system are fairer than the American system, and the British system is better structured to deal with difficult decisions about expensive end-of-life cancer drugs. Both systems face common ethical, financial, organizational, and priority-setting challenges in making these decisions.\n      </p>", "Background Lung cancer risk is modified by smoking cessation. However, the inclusion in the group of former smokers of those who quit after developing symptoms or being diagnosed with lung cancer distorts the apparent risk in the first several years following cessation. This bias is termed the quitting ill effect. Methods Lung cancer mortality data from the American Cancer Society's CPS-I were used to calculate the excess mortality among white male former smokers compared to the predicted risk had those individuals continued to smoke. Alternate approaches to minimizing the quitting ill bias were investigated. Goodness-of-fit of the models was assessed graphically and formally. Results Poisson models were built for the absolute lung cancer risk for never smokers and the excess risk, over never smokers, for continuing smokers. The decrease in excess risk in former smokers was modeled by a negative exponential function. The models for the three smoker subgroups (continuing, never, and former), all fit the data well. Assuming that the fraction of excess risk remaining for former smokers does not decline for the first two years following cessation and that the quitting ill effect does not influence those who are five or more years post-cessation allowed a reasonable estimation of the change in risk of lung cancer with increasing duration of abstinence. Conclusions The reduction in the excess risk of lung cancer in former smokers can be estimated, and the quitting ill effect minimized, by the inclusion of a lag between cessation and onset of reduction in risk.\n      </p>", "Objective: This study focused on geographic clustering of breast cancer based on residence in early life and identified spatio-temporal clustering of cases and controls. Methods: Data were drawn from the WEB study (Western New York Exposures and Breast Cancer Study), a population-based case-control study of incident, pathologically confirmed breast cancer (1996-2001) in Erie and Niagara counties. Controls were frequency-matched to cases on age, race, and county of residence. All cases and controls used in the study provided lifetime residential histories. The k-function difference between cases and controls was used to identify spatial clustering patterns of residence in early life. Results: We found that the evidence for clustered residences at birth and at menarche was stronger than that for first birth or other time periods in adult life. Residences for pre-menopausal cases were more clustered than for controls at the time of birth and menarche. We also identified the size and geographic location of birth and menarche clusters in the study area, and found increased breast cancer risk for pre-menopausal women whose residence was within the cluster compared to those living elsewhere at the time of birth. Conclusion: This study provides evidence that early environmental exposures may be related to breast cancer risk, especially for pre-menopausal women.\n      </p>", "Objective To examine disease-specific survival from prostate cancer by ethnic group in New Zealand. Methods Analyses were based on the 7,733 men with histologically confirmed prostate cancer diagnosed from the start of 1996 to the end of 1999 in New Zealand. Fiveyear adjusted prostate-specific mortality rates and hazard ratios were calculated for Maori, Pacific, and European men. Results In univariate analyses, Maori and Pacific men had higher mortality particularly in the first year after a diagnosis of prostate cancer than did European men. The strongest prognostic factors for prostate cancer were Gleason score and age. When survival analyses by ethnic group were adjusted for age and Gleason score the disparities in survival for Maori men and Pacific men with low-grade prostate cancers remained, with European men having the best survival. Conclusions Several possible explanations have been proposed to explain the survival disparities by ethnicity in New Zealand. Differentials in Gleason grade of disease by ethnic group explain a lot of these disparities. Further data on stage of disease at diagnosis, co-morbidity, treatment, access to health services, and behavioral and environmental factors are needed to resolve these issues.\n      </p>", "Background: Despite the endocrine system activity exhibited by polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), recent studies have shown little association between PCB exposure and breast cancer mortality. Objectives: To further evaluate the relation between PCB exposure and breast cancer risk, we studied incidence, a more sensitive end point than mortality, in an occupational cohort. Methods: We followed 5,752 women employed for at least 1 year in one of three capacitor manufacturing facilities, identifying cases from questionnaires, cancer registries, and death certificates through 1998. We collected lifestyle and reproductive information via questionnaire from participants or next of kin and used semiquantitative job-exposure matrices for inhalation and dermal exposures combined. We generated standardized incidence ratios (SIRs) and standardized rate ratios and used Cox proportional hazards regression models to evaluate potential confounders and effect modifiers. Results: Overall, the breast cancer SIR was 0.81 (95% confidence interval, 0.72-0.92; n = 257), and regression modeling showed little effect of employment duration or cumulative exposure. However, for the 362 women of questionnaire-identified races other than white, we observed positive, statistically significant associations with employment duration and cumulative exposure; only smoking, birth cohort, and self- or proxy questionnaire completion had statistically significant explanatory power when added to models with exposure metrics. Conclusions: We found no overall elevation in breast cancer risk after occupational exposure to PCBs. However, the exposure-related risk elevations seen among nonwhite workers, although of limited interpretability given the small number of cases, warrant further investigation, because the usual reproductive risk factors accounted for little of the increased risk.\n      </p>", "Objectives: We evaluated the association between alcohol intake and lung cancer in a trial-based cohort in Finland, the Alpha-Tocopherol, Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study (ATBC Study). Methods: During an average of 7.7 years of follow-up, 1059 lung cancer cases were diagnosed among the 27,111 male smokers with complete alcohol and dietary information. The relationship between alcohol and lung cancer was assessed in multivariate Cox regression models that adjusted for age, smoking, body mass index and intervention group. Results: Nondrinkers, 11% of the study population, were at increased lung cancer risk compared to drinkers (RR = 1.2, 95% CI: 1.0-1.4), possibly due to the inclusion of ex-drinkers who had stopped drinking for health reasons. Among drinkers only, we observed no association between lung cancer and total ethanol or specific beverage (beer, wine, spirits) intake. We found no significant effect modification by level of smoking, dietary micronutrients or trial intervention group; however, for men in the highest quartile of alcohol intake, we observed a slight increase in risk for lighter smokers (&lt;1 pack/day) and reduced risk among the heaviest smokers (&gt;30 cigarettes/day). Conclusions: We concluded that alcohol consumption was not a risk factor for lung cancer among male cigarette smokers, and its effect was not significantly modified by other factors, notably smoking history.\n      </p>", "Hormonal factors, possibly related to reproductive characteristics, may play a role in the risk of bladder cancer among women. To study this, we investigated the effects of reproductive factors on female bladder cancer risk. Information on reproductive and other risk factors was gathered in personal interviews from 152 female cases and 166 matched controls from 18 hospitals in five regions of Spain during 1998-2001. Logistic regression was used to estimate the association between bladder cancer and reproductive factors, including ever-parous status, age at first live birth, age at last live birth, age at menarche, age at menopause, menopausal status, and duration of menstruation. After adjustment for age, smoking, and high-risk occupation, ever-parous women were at decreased risk relative to nulliparous women (odds ratio = 0.43, 95% confidence interval = 0.21-0.87). There was no consistent pattern in risk with the age- or duration-related reproductive factors (e.g., age at first live birth, age at last live birth, age at menarche, age at menopause, menopausal status, and duration of menstruction) that we evaluated. Women have a lower risk of bladder cancer than men, and hormonal factors related to childbearing may play a role.\n      </p>", "Cancer registration data plays a major role in the design and monitoring of cancer control activities and policies, and population-based cancer registries (PBCR) are the main source of information. In developed countries, the healthcare infrastructure enables the registration of quality cancer data. In low and middle Income countries (LMIC), where health care facilities are limited or scarce, cancer registration data may be of low quality. The aim of this article is to demonstrate the value of cancer incidence data for LMIC, even when quality is questionable, as well as to attempt to interpret the messages that the quality indicators convey both for cancer registration and the healthcare system. The study of data submitted to the Cancer incidence in five continents, volume nine (CI5-IX) leads to the conclusion that when PBCR from LMIC cannot provide good quality data it may indicate a deficiency that goes above and beyond the registrar ability. The quality control indicators evaluated provide insight on local conditions for cancer diagnosis and care. Low data quality not only signals lack of collaboration among reporting sources and the inability of the registrar to perform quality abstracting, but also points to specific weaknesses of the cancer care system and can guide improvement goals and efforts.\n      </p>", "DNA-methylation changes in human cancer are complex and vary between the different types of cancer. Capturing this epigenetic variability in an atlas of DNA-methylation changes will be beneficial for basic research as well as translational medicine. Hypothesis-free approaches that interrogate methylation patterns genome-wide have already generated promising results. However, these methods are still limited by their quantitative accuracy and the number of CpG sites that can be assessed individually. Here, we use a unique approach to measure quantitative methylation patterns in a set of &amp;gt;400 candidate genes. In this high-resolution study, we employed a cell-line model consisting of 59 cancer cell lines provided by the National Cancer Institute and six healthy control tissues for discovery of methylation differences in cancer-related genes. To assess the effect of cell culturing, we validated the results from colon cancer cell lines by using clinical colon cancer specimens. Our results show that a large proportion of genes (78 of 400 genes) are epigenetically altered in cancer. Although most genes show methylation changes in only one tumor type (35 genes), we also found a set of genes that changed in many different forms of cancer (seven genes). This dataset can easily be expanded to develop a more comprehensive and ultimately complete map of quantitative methylation changes. Our methylation data also provide an ideal starting point for further translational research where the results can be combined with existing large-scale datasets to develop an approach that integrates epigenetic, transcriptional, and mutational findings.\n      </p>", "Objective To evaluate the availability of body height and weight data in the hospital medical record of cancer patients and discuss the utility of the findings to population-based cancer research and the surveillance of overweight and obesity in the United States. Methods Medical records were reviewed for up to three measures of height and weight for a random sample of 1,739 patients diagnosed (2001-2003) with one of the 12 types of cancer and reported to the population-based Greater Bay Area Cancer Registry of Northern California. Results About 84% of cancer patients had at least one value of height, 91% had at least one value of weight, and 83% had both values recorded in the medical record such that body mass index (BMI) could be computed. About 60% of height and weight values were recorded within 2 months of cancer diagnosis, with most values (71%) recorded after cancer diagnosis. The availability of BMI varied somewhat by race/ethnicity, cancer site, initial treatment, and hospital characteristics. Conclusions BMI may be sufficiently available to be included routinely in the population-based cancer registries, and, if so, would be useful for studies of cancer diagnoses and outcomes and permit nationwide surveillance of BMI in a large population-representative cohort of cancer patients.\n      </p>", "One approach to estimate cancer incidence in the French Departements is to quantify the relationship between data in cancer registries and data obtained from the PMSI (Programme de M\u00e9dicalisation des Syst\u00e8mes d'Information M\u00e9dicale). This relationship may then be used in Departements without registries to infer the incidence from local PMSI data. We present here some methodological solutions to apply this approach. Data on invasive breast cancer for 2002 were obtained from 12 D\u00e9partemental registries. The number of hospital stays was obtained from the National PMSI using two different algorithms based on the main diagnosis only (Algorithm 1) or on that diagnosis associated to a mention of \"resection\" (Algorithm 2). Considering registry data as gold standard, a calibration approach was used to model the ratio of the number of hospital stays to the number of incident cases. In D\u00e9partements with registries, validation of the predictions was done through cross-validation. In Departements without registries, validation was done through a study of homogeneity of the mean number of hospital stays per patient. Cross-validation showed that the estimates predicted by the model were true with data extracted by Algorithm 1 but not by Algorithm 2. However, with Algorithm 1, there was an important heterogeneity between French D\u00e9partements as to the mean number of hospital stays per patient, which had an important impact on the estimations. In the near future, the method will allow using medico-administrative data (after calibration with registry data) to estimate D\u00e9partemental incidence of selected cancers.\n      </p>", "Objectives. To estimate costs for the prevention and treatment of cervical cancer based on resource utilization and to compare those costs to published estimates and to local charges and reimbursements. Design. Cost estimates for cervical cancer prevention services were based on clinic staff time, use of specialized equipment and supplies, laboratory costs, and clinic overhead. Cost estimates for cervical cancer treatment were based on HMO expenditures for cervical cancer patients and control patients. These costs were adjusted for stage distribution and survival rates. Published cost estimates were obtained from a systematic review of the medical literature between 1990 and 1996. Setting. Three family planning clinics (for prevention costs) and a staff-model HMO (for treatment costs). Patients. For treatment costs: 98 cervical cancer patients and 133,058 female control patients, matched by age and chronic disease score. Main Outcome Measures. Estimated costs for prevention and treatment of cervical cancer. Cost-to-charge and cost-to-reimbursement ratios. Results. Costs of cervical cancer prevention and treatment services have been determined using a variety of methods. We found substantial variation in these estimates, even for studies with similar methodologies. Detailed resource-based estimation suggests that prevention costs are generally lower than those previously published in the literature, whereas the costs of cervical cancer treatment are generally higher. Conclusions. It is practical and desirable to employ resource use-based estimates of medical costs in cost-effectiveness analyses. Failure to do so for cervical cancer may affect policy recommendations by understating the relative benefits of prevention programs.\n      </p>", "Quantitative analysis for the risk of human cancer from the ingestion of inorganic arsenic has been based on the reported cancer mortality experience in the blackfoot disease (BFD)-endemic area of southwest Taiwan. Linear regression analysis shows that arsenic as the sole etiologic factor accounts for only 21% of the variance in the village standardized mortality ratios for bladder and lung cancer. A previous study had reported the influence of confounders (township, BFD prevalence, and artesian well dependency) qualitatively, but they have not been introduced into a quantitative assessment. In this six-township study, only three townships (2, 4, and 6) showed a significant positive dose-response relationship with arsenic exposure. The other three townships (0, 3, and 5) demonstrated significant bladder and lung cancer risks that were independent of arsenic exposure. The data for bladder and lung cancer mortality for townships 2, 4, and 6 fit an inverse linear regression model (p &lt; 0.001) with an estimated threshold at 151 \u00b5g/L (95% confidence interval, 42 to 229 \u00b5g/L). Such a model is consistent with epidemiologic and toxicologic literature for bladder cancer. Exploration of the southwest Taiwan cancer mortality data set has clarified the dose-response relationship with arsenic exposure by separating out township as a confounding factor.\n      </p>", "Objective: To assess the association between fasting insulin levels and breast cancer. Design: Cross sectional study. Participants: 3868 women aged 60-79 years. Main outcome measure: Prevalent breast cancer (151 cases). Results: Insulin levels were positively associated with breast cancer. The age adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval) for a one unit increase in log(e) insulin levels among women without diabetes was 1.34 (1.02, 1.77). This association was not substantively altered by adjustment for potential confounding factors (age of menopause, hysterectomy/oophorectomy, hormone replacement use, oral contraceptive use, parity, adult social class and smoking) or potential mediating factors (body mass index, waist to hip ratio, leg length, age at menarche and childhood social class). Women with both long legs and higher insulin levels were at particularly increased risk, with breast cancer prevalence being 5.7% among women in the highest thirds of both insulin levels and leg-length compared to 1.8% among those in the lowest thirds of both. Positive associations between insulin levels and breast cancer were found for both pre- and post-menopausal breast cancers. Fasting glucose levels, HOMA score, diabetes and a history of gestational glycosuria or diabetes were also positively associated with breast cancer. Conclusions: Hyperinsulinaemia is positively associated with breast cancer in this cohort of older women. This effect may be mediated via a number of hormonal pathways acting at different stages of the life course.\n      </p>", "Spain had one of the lowest breast cancer mortality (BCM) rates in Europe a decade ago but this is no longer the case. A study of the trends of breast cancer mortality in Spain during the last 30 years, and an analysis, at the ecological level, of the current and past dietary patterns associated with breast cancer mortality have been conducted. Age standardized rates and standardized mortality rates (SMR) for this period were calculated. Dietary information about 20 different groups of foods for the 50 Spanish provinces was obtained from two National Household Budget and Expenditure Surveys, conducted in 1964-1965 and 1980-1981. Simple correlation coefficients were calculated, and multiple regression (dependent variables: BCM and breast cancer SMR) with a stepwise procedure was performed. Trends of breast cancer mortality in Spain for the last 35 years indicated a 100% increase in the 35-64 years group. Results indicate important changes in food consumption patterns in Spain, departure from the traditional Spanish diet, and the association of breast cancer mortality with past (15 years period) consumption of beef and total meat and the current consumption of vegetable oils, among other features of interest. Past consumption of meat and particularly beef meat seems to be associated with current breast cancer mortality rates in Spain. However, results at ecological level need to be confirmed in individuals.\n      </p>", "Objective: The purpose of this study was to examine age-specific cancer incidence patterns among adolescents and young adults (ages 15-49). Method: Cancer incidence data for 1995-1999 from 22 population-based central cancer registries, covering about 47% of the US population, were used. Relative frequencies and average annual age-specific incidence rates per 100,000 person-year were computed for the five-year age groups from age 15-19 years through 45-49 years. Tests of significance for comparison were at a level of p &amp;lt 0.05. Results: The age at crossover from a predominance of non-epithelial cancers to a predominance of epithelial cancers during adolescence and young adulthood varied by gender and race. Epithelial cancer became the predominant type of tumor after age 40 years among males while it was the predominant type after age 25 years among females. There was also a shift in the top five cancer types with increasing age, which varied by race and gender. Epithelial cancers of the thyroid, breast, ovary, and cervix uteri started to increase sharply among young women in their 20s while among males epithelial cancers rarely occurred untill the early 30s (ages 30-34). Cancers of the female breast, colon and rectum, and lung began to occur at an earlier age and increased more sharply among blacks than among whites. However, the incidence rates of epithelial thyroid and ovarian cancers rose more quickly among whites than blacks. Non-Hodgkin lymphoma and soft tissue sarcoma (excluded Kaposi's sarcoma) increased with age among both whites and blacks but the rates were significantly higher among blacks than among whites. Both Kaposi's sarcoma and testicular cancer incidence increased with age and peaked in the early 30s (ages 30-34). The former was significantly higher among blacks than whites while the latter was significantly higher among whites than blacks. Cervical cancer incidence leveled offf when white women reached their 30s, but for black women the rate continued to rise with advancing age. Cutaneous melanoma rates were significantly higher among females than among males between the ages of 15 and 39. Conclusion: Cancer incidence patterns among adolescents and young adults are distinctive. Specific cancer prevention and control strategies should be targeted accordingly and tailored to their specific needs.\n      </p>", "Background Previous studies have suggested that a high intake of legumes may decrease the risk of stomach and prostate cancer and some other cancers. However, the evidence is still limited. To further explore the association between legume intake and cancer risk we conducted a case\u2014control study of 11 cancer sites in Uruguay between 1996 and 2004, including 3,539 cancer cases and 2,032 hospital controls. Results The highest versus the lowest tertile of legume intake was associated with a significant decrease in the risk of cancers of the oral cavity and pharynx (OR = 0.48, 95% CI: 0.34-0.68), esophagus (OR = 0.54, 95% CI: 0.38-0.77), larynx (OR = 0.55, 95% CI: 0.40-0.77), upper aerodigestive tract (OR = 0.50, 95% CI: 0.40-0.63), stomach (OR = 0.69, 95% CI: 0.49-0.97), colorectum (OR = 0.43, 95% CI: 0.32-0.59), kidney (OR = 0.41, 95% CI: 0.24-0.71), and all sites combined (OR = 0.68, 95% CI: 0.59-0.78). No significant association was observed between legume intake and cancers of the lung (OR = 1.03, 95% CI: 0.83-1.27), breast (OR = 0.89, 95% CI: 0.65-1.20), prostate (OR = 0.87, 95% CI: 0.64-1.18) or bladder (OR = 0.82, 95% CI: 0.57-1.17). Similar results were found for both beans and lentils. Conclusion Higher intake of legumes was associated with a decreased risk of several cancers including those of the upper aerodigestive tract, stomach, colorectum, and kidney, but not lung, breast, prostate or bladder. Further investigations of these associations in prospective cohort studies are warranted.\n      </p>", "Objective: Assessing changes in breast cancer (BC) incidence and stage distribution in the District of Modena, Italy, during the period 1992-1998, and their relationship to a mammographic screening program launched in 1995. Methods: Demographic, clinical, and pathological data of all BC cases reported to the population-based Modena Cancer Registry between 1992 and 1998 were collected and linked to the screening database. Results: A total of 3429 women were diagnosed with BC in the District of Modena between 1992 and 1998. In this period the incidence rate increased by 15.7% (from 134.3 in 1992 to 155.4 per 100,000 in 1998). The increase began in 1995 and exclusively included women aged 50-69; the incidence rose by 30.4%. Moreover, the rise was confined to early tumors, with more than half (54%) of all cases reported in 1998 diagnosed as stage 0 or I disease, compared with 42% in 1992. Screen-detected tumors were significantly smaller (13.2 mm) than other tumors diagnosed in women aged 50-69 (18.5 mm), with 46% of screen-detected tumors smaller than 10 mm. Overall, a decline in the average tumor diameter was shown (from 20.2 mm in 1992-1994 to 18 mm in 1996-1998). Conclusions: Our data confirm that mammographic screening leads to an increase in the incidence of early-stage BC cancers.\n      </p>", "One third of all breast cancers are estrogen receptor alpha (ER\u03b1) negative, carry a poor overall prognosis, and do not respond well to currently available endocrine therapies. New treatment strategies are therefore required. Loss of Wnt-5a has previously been correlated with loss of ER\u03b1 in clinical breast cancer samples, and we sought to investigate this association further. Three breast cancer cell lines (MDA-MB-231, MDA-MB-468, and 4T1) lacking expression of ER\u03b1 and Wnt-5a, and one breast cancer cell line (T47D) expressing both proteins were used in this study. Wnt-5a signaling was generated in ER\u03b1-negative cell lines via stimulation with either recombinant Wnt-5a protein or a Wnt-5a-derived hexapeptide (Foxy-5) possessing Wnt-5a signaling properties. ER\u03b1 expression was restored at both mRNA and protein level, after treatment with recombinant Wnt-5a or Foxy-5. This restoration of expression occurred in parallel with a reduction in methylation of the ER\u03b1 promoter. Up-regulated ER\u03b1 could be activated, initiate transcription of progesterone receptor and pS2, and activate an estrogen response element reporter construct. Significantly, breast cancer cells re-expressing ER\u03b1 responded to treatment with the selective estrogen receptor modulator tamoxifen, as measured by induction of apoptosis and cell growth inhibition. Finally, Foxy-5 also increased ER\u03b1 expression in an in vivo model of ER\u03b1-negative breast cancer. This represents the first evidence that Wnt-5a signaling acts to re-establish ER\u03b1 expression in ER\u03b1-negative breast cancer cells. Our data suggest that combinatorial therapy with Foxy-5 and tamoxifen should be considered as a future treatment possibility for ER\u03b1-negative breast cancer patients.\n      </p>"], "words": {"all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "causes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "program": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "teaching": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "and": {"number": 36, "prob": 0.00029812553569432196}, "progression": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "p": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "microsatellite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurrence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "likely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "design": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "china,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "psychosocial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cell": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "body": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "led": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "men": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "here": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reported": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "address": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "etiology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diagnosed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "africa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rarely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dna": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hospital": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "germ": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "oesophageal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initiated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "women": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "intake": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "modified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "control": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "impacts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "high": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monitoring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "may": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "epidemiologic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "blood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "data": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "types": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 20, "prob": 0.00016562529760795664}, "third": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "african": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "brain": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "statistical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "japan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "before": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "personal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "symptoms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "secondary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "histological": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "world,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "discuss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "university": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lung": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "mean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "female": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weight": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nigerian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prostate": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "particles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cause": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "shows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "clarify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ultrafine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "south": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "incidence,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "approximately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "differ": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "leading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "least": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "needed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relationship": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "season": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "morbidity": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "symptom": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "population": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "australia,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "require": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "second": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "patients": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behaviors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "illness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affairs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mountainous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incidence": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "most": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "testicular": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 61, "prob": 0.0005051571577042677}, "medical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disease": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "german": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "availability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proportion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "black": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "screening": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "factor": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mortality": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "breast": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "areas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "following": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tobacco": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "common": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "activity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "humans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "currently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "we": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypothesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "french": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cervical": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "declining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "received": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "globally,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "cancer": {"number": 62, "prob": 0.0005134384225846656}, "period": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "height": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "union": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "linkage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meeting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "formed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bladder": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "smoking": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evidence": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "former": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spain": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developing": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reliable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "premature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "air": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "metropolitan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevalence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "is": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "middle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ambient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surveillance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colorectal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "several": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "higher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "components": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "soviet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevention": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "summer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "burden": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviewed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "human": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "death": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "had": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hmong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "aspects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "demands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "survival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mutations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possibly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suffering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "world": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "accepted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "trends": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "be": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "thailand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "on": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "about": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carried": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 60, "prob": 0.0004968758928238699}, "recognized": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "simulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "pollution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "receptor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "registration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "utility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adenocarcinoma": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "war": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considerably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "reproductive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cells": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "access": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "us": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "record": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancers": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "beliefs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tissues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epidemiological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "index": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "role": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "department": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "u": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "factors,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diet": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sites,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "registry": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exposure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ago": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gastric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "age": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vietnam": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mass": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "diagnosis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}