{"total_words": 717, "documents": ["The species composition, distribution and abundance of medusae collected off the Mexican coast of the Caribbean Sea was analyzed from samples gathered from oblique plankton tows (0-50 m) during five months (February, March, May, August and November, 1991). The highest mean medusan abundance was observed during March ( $2,354 org./1000 m^3$ ) while lowest values occurred in August ( $102 org./1000 m^3$ ). Twenty-four species and 4 genera were identified. Linuche unguwulata, Liriope tetraphylla, Clytia mccrady and Aglaura hemistoma were the most abundant. They represented more than 96% of the total medusan numbers. Cluster analysis and the known ecological affinities of the species revealed two oceanic (primary and secondary) and one neritic assemblage whose distribution showed month to month variations, apparently related to the prevailing wind regimes. Intergradation of these assemblages and the presence of oceanic and even deep-living species very near the coast was attributed to the narrowness of the continental shelf.\n      </p>", "This attempt to develop an indigenous reading of feminism as both activism and discourse in the Caribbean is informed by my own preoccupation with the limits of contemporary postmodern feminist theorizing in terms of its accessibility, as well as application to understanding the specificity of a region. I, for instance, cannot speak for or in the manner of a white middle-class academic in Britain, or a black North American feminist, as much as we share similarities which go beyond the society, and which are fuelled by our commitment to gender equality. At the same time, our conversations are intersecting as a greater clarity of thought emerges in relation and perhaps in reaction to the other. Ideas of difference and the epistemological standpoint of 'Third World' women have been dealt with admirably by many feminist writers such as Chandra Mohanty, Avtah Brah and Uma Narayan. In this article I draw on the ideas emerging in contemporary western feminist debates pertaining to sexual difference and equality and continue my search for a Caribbean feminist voice which defines feminism and feminist theory in the region, not as a linear narrative but one which has continually intersected with the politics of identity in the region.\n      </p>", "Data show that the Caribbean region is considerably more highly urbanized than the world taken as a whole. This is so despite the fact that urban centres in the region were originally established and maintained as points of administrative and commercial control, and thereby had more to do with plantation agriculture than manufacturing. Summarizing the development of highly polarized patterns of urban settlement during the mercantile and colonial eras, it is demonstrated that contemporary Caribbean urbanization can only be understood in terms of the joint processes of global convergence-divergence. Convergence represents the universal adoption of Western norms of consumption, whilst divergence connotes increasingly varied production possibilities between nations owing to the International Division of Labour. However, it is shown that owing to the differential processes of conservation and dissolution of traditional pre-capitalist forms, convergence on Western patterns of consumption impacts upon different social groups within the Caribbean region in a highly unequal manner.\n      </p>", "As a result of the rapid industrialization of Latin America and the Caribbean during the second half of this century, exposure to lead has become an increasingly important problem. To obtain an estimate of the magnitude of lead exposure in the region, we carried out a survey and a literature search on potential sources of lead exposure and on blood lead concentrations. Sixteen out of 18 Latin American and 2 out of 10 Caribbean countries responded to the survey. Lead in gasoline remains a major problem, although the lead content has decreased in many countries in the last few years. The impact of leaded fuel is more important in urban settings, given their high vehicular density. Seventy-five percent of the population of the region lives in urban areas, and children younger then 15 years of age, the most susceptible group, comprise 30% of the population. Other sources of lead exposure identified in the region included industrial emissions, battery recycling, paint and varnishes, and contaminated food and water. Lead is recognized as a priority problem by national authorities in 72% of the countries that responded to the survey, and in 50% of the countries some legislation exists to regulate the lead content in certain products. However, compliance is low. There is an urgent need for a broad-based coalition between policy makers, industry, workers, unions, health care providers, and the community to take actions to reduce environmental and occupational lead exposures in all the Latin American and Caribbean countries.\n      </p>", "Adiantopsis F\u00e9e (Pteridaceae) is a relatively unstudied tropical cheilanthoid fern genus. In the present work, we evaluated the taxonomy and relationships among Caribbean Adiantopsis by examining 136 characters from approximately 500 herbarium specimens. This study identified nine Caribbean Adiantopsis species, three of which are newly described (A. parvisegmenta, A. pentagona, and A. vincentii). Additionally, an intriguing pattern of morphological and reticulate evolution was revealed by the analyses. Adiantopsis consists of three different laminar morphologies; palmate, pedate, and pinnate. The two pedate taxa are hypothesized to be fertile allotetraploid derivatives of the palmate A. radiata (L.) F\u00e9e and two different pinnate taxa. In this regard they parallel the origin of the South American A. \u00d7australopedata Hickey, M. S. Barker &amp; Ponce. Based on our analyses, it appears that pedate laminar morphologies in Adiantopsis independently originated multiple times via hybridization. This study provides testable hypotheses of morphological and reticulate evolution in the genus and presents a novel view of Caribbean Adiantopsis.\n      </p>", "Knowledge of the evolution and biogeography of the Caribbean biota comes primarily from faunal studies, in spite of the tremendous richness of the Caribbean flora. The limited data to assess Caribbean phytogeography comes from fossils, floristic distributions, and phylogenetic studies. The geology in the Caribbean is extremely complex, but it is widely accepted that part of the Greater Antilles are old and precede the emergence of the Lesser Antilles and the Panamanian isthmus. Cuba and Hispaniola are each composed of a series of independent land blocks and Jamaica was mainly or entirely submerged during part of its history. Paleopalynological data, at present the only reliable source for reconstructing past plant communities, suggest warm-temperate to tropical conditions. Contemporary floristic data portray affinities with both Laurasian and Gondwanan derived plant groups. Shortcomings of traditional methodological approaches is a major criticism to studies assessing historical biogeography. Phylogenetics is an appropriate strategy to apply, because it: (1) elucidates the systematic relationships of taxa, (2) permits assessment of morphological and ecological evolution, and (3) illustrates the direction and sequence in which the distribution of a taxa originated. Study of Caribbean taxa with high levels of endemicity allows tracing the correspondence between taxa and geographic areas, and thus, permits application of a phylogeny for assessments of geographic relatedness under both dispersal and vicariant scenarios. Caribbean plant groups in several angiosperm families have now been studied phylogenetically. Some biogeographic patterns are starting to emerge from these studies, but more studies are needed for generalizations to be drawn.\n      </p>", "Vocalizations are an important life-history attribute of birds, vet the various vocalizations of flamingos have never been thoroughly investigated. Hence, the objective of this study was to determine, sonographically, the variability in calls of 2 species held at the Dallas Zoo, Texas, USA: the Chilean Flamingo (Phoenicopterus chilensis) and the Caribbean Flamingo (P. ruber ruber). I recorded vocalizations of individually marked flamingos performing various behavioral acts, which were grouped into categories of alert, aggressive, head-flag, walk, wing-flap, and miscellaneous. The calls had 4 different structural forms: repetitive (a rapid repetition of short notes), tonal (harmonic), buzzy (a broad-spectrum call), and combination (a call with both repetitive and tonal elements). The alert behavioral category had the largest variability in call types for both species. Calls given during aggressive and wing-flap behavioral acts were short notes with less variability. Males tended to produce repetitive or buzzy call types, while females produced tonal call types. This trend was most obvious in the vocalizations given during the wing-flap display. /// Las vocalizaciones son un atributo importante de la historia vital de las aves. Sin embargo, las vocalizaciones de los flamencos no han sido profundamente estudiadas. El primer objetivo de este estudio fue determinar de manera sonogr\u00e1fica la variabilidad de cantos de dos especies de flamenco albergadas en el zool\u00f3gico de Dallas, Texas, EE.UU.: el flamenco austral (Phoenicopterus chilensis) y el flamenco caribe\u00f1o (Phoenicopterus ruber ruber). Yo grab\u00e9 las vocalizaciones de individuos marcados mientras realizaban varios tipos de comportamiento que agrup\u00e9 en las categor\u00edas alerta, agresi\u00f3n, flanqueo de cabeza, caminando, aleteo y miscel\u00e1neos. Las vocalizaciones tuvieron 4 formas estructurales: repetitiva (una repetici\u00f3n r\u00e1pida de notas cortas), tonal (harm\u00f3nica), zumbido (de amplio espectro), y combinaci\u00f3n (con elementos repetitivos y tonales). La categor\u00eda de comportamiento alerto tuvo la mayor variabilidad de tipos de vocalizaci\u00f3n para las dos especies. Las vocalizaciones producidas durante comportamientos agresivos y aleteos fueron notas cortas de menor variabilidad. Los machos tendieron a producir vocalizaciones de tipo repetitivo \u00f3 zumbidos mientras que las hembras produjeron vocalizaciones de tipo tonal. Estas tendencias fueron m\u00e1s marcadas en vocalizaciones producidas durante el aleteo.\n      </p>", "The evolutionary relationships of the surface genera of shrimps of the family Atyidae from the Caribbean were inferred using mitochondrial 16S ribosomal DNA and cytochrome oxidase I gene sequences. The genetic divergence among the 4 Caribbean genera (Atya, Jonga, Micratya, Potimirim) is extensive and dates from between the Eocene and Miocene. This result suggests a vicariant origin or the ancient dispersal of some taxa. Most intrageneric divergences date to the late Miocene-Pliocene and, thus, are probably the result of dispersal. Some species show low levels of intraspecific genetic divergence between distant islands, and thus, present-day or geologically recent gene flow is likely. This gene flow is probably a consequence of the amphidromous life histories of most Caribbean freshwater shrimps. Despite the ancient divergences between the genera, the Caribbean surface atyids form a single evolutionary lineage when compared with atyid shrimp from throughout the world, and this result implies an ancient evolutionary radiation in the Caribbean. The sister group to the Caribbean atyids are the large-bodied and robust Atya-like shrimps of the Indo-Pacific, which share a similar size and shape with Caribbean Atya. Thus, the common ancestor probably was also large and robust. In contrast, the other Caribbean atyids are much smaller, and Jonga has a distinct morphology that is associated with a switch from lotic to lentic environments. This radiation may have been the result of the absence from the Caribbean of other small shrimps that are common in the Indo-Pacific.\n      </p>", "Caribbean archaeologists have tended to focus exclusively on the prehistory of the largest islands, perhaps because large islands are believed to provide the landmass necessary to support long-term population growth and cultural development. Yet, as research here and elsewhere, e.g., the Pacific, is showing, small islands provided access to resources and landscapes that were not always readily available on the larger islands. Small islands often have superior terrestrial and, especially, marine resources; isolated ritual spaces; and more easily defended locations; although they are susceptible to more rapid overexploitation. This paper examines in detail human needs with regard to island size, demonstrating that small islands were crucial in the development of pre-Columbian Caribbean societies. Four case studies are presented to illustrate that small islands often were preferred over large islands throughout the Caribbean archipelagoes. Finally, these studies show that the prehistoric exploitation and overexploitation of small islands can provide significant insights for establishing baselines that can be used for modern management and conservation efforts.\n      </p>", "The Caribbean Coot (Fulica caribaea) is endemic to the Caribbean region where it is uncommon to rare. Little is known about its breeding biology. From museum specimens, archives and correspondence, we document 134 records for Aruba, Cura\u00e7ao and Bonaire, Netherlands Antilles, from the years 1955-2004, and map their distribution. The islands are arid and rainfall can be unpredictable but with the establishment of permanent fresh water ponds since the 1970s, the Caribbean Coot appears to have become more common. We recorded 68 cases of breeding for the three islands. Although breeding can occur in almost any month, there is a clear preponderance for birds to breed in the first few calendar months of the year, approximately three months after the annual peak in rainfall.\n      </p>", "Caribbean Anolis lizards are a classic case of adaptive radiation, repeated four times across islands of the Greater Antilles. On each island, very similar patterns of evolutionary divergence have occurred, resulting in the evolution of the same set of ecological specialists--termed ecomorphs--on each island. However, this is only part of the story of the Caribbean anole radiations. Indeed, much of the species diversity of Caribbean Anolis occurs within clades of ecomorphs, which contain as many as 14 ecologically-similar species on a single island. We ask to what extent the classic model of ecological interactions as the driving force in adaptive radiation can account for this aspect of anole evolutionary diversity. Our answer is that it can in part, but not entirely. More generally, the most complete understanding of evolutionary diversification and radiation is achieved by studying multiple hierarchical evolutionary levels from clades to populations.\n      </p>", "This study investigates the potential of using changes of interannual luminescence intensity in hermatypic Montastraea coral skeletons in the northeastern Caribbean as a proxy of precipitation and (trade) wind speed. In order to find wavelength pairs that are well suited to detect variations in the concentration of incorporated terrestrial humic substances in coral skeletons, and thus to reconstruct past run-off and rainfall, three-dimensional excitation-emission matrix fluorescence spectra of seawater samples were investigated on their relationships to local precipitation. Three prominent excitation-emission peaks at 310/430, 425/480 and 390/530 nm were identified. The fluorescence intensities of the wavelength pair 310/430 nm showed a weak relationship, while the wavelength pairs at 425/480 and 390/530 nm showed strong relationships with local precipitation. Variations in luminescence intensities from scans on the coral surface along the growth axis using the wavelengths identified were then compared with instrumental records of regional precipitation and wind speed. In the coral skeleton as well, the wavelength pairs at 425/480 and 390/530 nm were more strongly correlated with regional precipitation and wind speed. This indicates that these two wavelength pairs are well suited to reconstruct past precipitation and wind speed. In order to evaluate the use as a proxy of trade wind variability in the Caribbean, tropical Atlantic region, variations in luminescence intensity were compared with a record of trade wind variability from the southern Caribbean. The two records are strongly correlated, which suggests that luminescence intensity in coral skeletons, at least from Mona Island, can be used as proxy of trade wind variability and precipitation.\n      </p>", "Dominica is the most mountainous of all the islands of the Lesser Antilles which forms the eastern arc of the Caribbean archipelago. It was the last island in the Caribbean to be colonized by Europeans. Its thick oceanic rain forests provided a refuge and ecological resources for the indigenous Carib people facing the Spanish, French, English and Dutch advance into the Caribbean during the sixteenth century. Dominica also provided a strategic location on which to cultivate and process raw materials for trading with the European ships en route to other parts of the Caribbean and American mainland. It is argued that the primary Carib product in this exchange was tobacco and that the traditionally established view of total resistance by 'warlike Caribs' to the European advance should be modified in the light of this trade. The recent discovery of a late Amerindian archaeological site at such an important maritime crossroad provides a unique opportunity to re-evaluate the relationship between Caribs and Europeans in the years immediately following contact and the effects which this had on Carib society.\n      </p>", "With a rapidly growing population and limited resources, accountability has taken on increased importance, especially in the area of public management. To assess the effectiveness of public spending on education in the Caribbean, this article compares performance in five Caribbean nations, looking at input indicators such as the teacher\u2013pupil ratio, expenditure per pupil, the number of adequately trained teachers as a proportion of total teaching staff, and public commitment to education. It analyses their impact on output indicators, including performance in English and mathematics, the repetition rate, and survival rate to the final grade in school. The article concludes that the levels of efficiency in the development of human capital in the Caribbean are very uneven, and that serious challenges face Caribbean countries as they seek to maximise the returns on their investment in education.\n      </p>", "This article investigates the efficacy of community organizing by African Caribbean migrants in Toronto, Ontario. The author argues that community organizing was an instinctive initiative of African Caribbean people. Historically, Black community organizational agenda, although owing much to its own resourcefulness and fortitude, was intimately connected to the influence and strength of the larger White population. Racism and social exclusions were the major external factors influencing the majority of African Caribbean institutional building. In recreating community, African Caribbean people were influenced by this political milieu. Nevertheless, they were also influenced by their own internal desires and dreams of a better standard of living and a better life for their children. They were also subjected by, for example, their own ideas regarding class, culture, gender roles, family ties, work ethic, and diasporic connections that influenced how they (re)negotiate community.\n      </p>", "Understanding the role of competition in explaining phenotypic diversity is a challenging problem, given that the most divergent species may no longer compete today. However, convergent evolution of extreme body sizes across communities may offer evidence of past competition. For example, many treefrog assemblages around the world have convergently evolved species with very large and small body sizes. To better understand this global pattern, we studied body-size diversification within the small, endemic radiation of Caribbean treefrogs (Osteopilus). We introduce a suite of analyses designed to help reveal the signature of past competition. Diet analyses show that Osteopilus are generalist predators and that prey size is strongly associated with body size, suggesting that body-size divergence facilitates resource partitioning. Community assembly models indicate that treefrog body-size distributions in Jamaica and Hispaniola are consistent with expectations from competition. Phylogenetic analyses show that similar body-size extremes in Jamaica and Hispaniola have originated through parallel evolution on each island, and the rate of body-size evolution in Osteopilus is accelerated relative to mainland treefrogs. Together, these results suggest that competition may have driven the rapid diversification of body sizes in Caribbean treefrogs to the extremes seen in treefrog communities around the world.\n      </p>", "The Cattle Egret (Bubulcus ibis) was first reported in the Greater Caribbean Basin from Old Providence Island in 1933. It was not reported again from the region until 1944, when an individual was sighted in Aruba, Southern Netherlands Antilles. Within 4 years, the species was reported in Puerto Rico and Jamaica more than 800 km north of Aruba in the Greater Antilles. By 1957, Cattle Egrets were successfully nesting in nearby Cuba and St. Croix. Today, the species is known from more than 50 major islands throughout the Caribbean Basin. Cattle Egrets show strong dispersal tendencies and migratory behavior. The first Cattle Egrets to reach the Caribbean islands were probably migratory individuals. Rapid range expansion in the Caribbean and throughout the neotropics was concomitant with increased animal husbandry and intense agricultural practices, including irrigation and burning regimes. The success of the Cattle Egret in the Caribbean region is also attributed to its high reproductive rate, exponential population growth, extended breeding seasons, and few vertebrate predators, owing to the region's insularity.\n      </p>", "This paper interrogates Caribbean feminist theory and activism in relation to the Euro-American experience and to challenges emerging from the Third World discourse. The author argues from the standpoint position that second wave Caribbean feminism has been largely Afro-centric and simultaneously interlocked with processes of independence and national identity struggles. She suggests that there is a need for the movement to reflect the experiences of women of other ethnic groups in the region. In this regard, in Trinidad and Tobago the Indo-Caribbean voice has been emerging and broadening the feminist base. In more recent years also the divisions between feminist and non-feminist groups are subsiding, strengthening the ultimate capacity of this movement for change in the region.\n      </p>", "I made 69 monthly censuses of Caribbean Flamingos (Phoenicopterus ruber ruber) from June 1990 to September 1996 in the Los Olivitos Wildlife Refuge and Fishing Reserve, western Venezuela, to determine temporal and spatial variation in abundance. Overall, the total number of flamingos increased from a mean of 3,092/month in 1990, to a mean of 8,206/month in 1995. Flamingos were most abundant in October (mean = 8,567) and November (mean = 9,183), especially in 1990, 1994, and 1995. The highest number of birds (20,000) occurred in October 1994, when monthly rainfall was also highest. Birds were few or sometimes absent from February to April. Fifty-five percent of the birds used the central and northeast open-water area of El Arroyo, but 25% also used the outlet area of Ca\u00f1o Viejo. Human intervention included the frequent presence of fisherman and their boats, and sometimes the use of Los Olivitos as a target area during military exercises in nearby areas. Dike construction by the solar saltworks may have covered about 2,500 ha of possible feeding area for flamingos, but flamingos started to feed in the saltworks (Concentrator 1) even before construction ended. /// A fin de determinar la abundancia espacial y temporal del flamenco caribe\u00f1o (Phoenicopterus ruber ruber) en el Refugio de Fauna Silvestre y Reserva de Pesca Ci\u00e9naga de Los Olivitos, Venezuela occidental, se efectuaron 69 censos mensuales entre junio de 1990 y septiembre de 1996. En general, se observ\u00f3 un incremento en el n\u00famero total de flamencos, desde un promedio de 3.092/mes en 1990 hasta un promedio de 8.206/mes en 1995. Los flamencos fueron m\u00e1s abundantes en octubre (promedio = 8.567) y noviembre (promedio = 9.183), especialmente en 1990, 1994 y 1995. El n\u00famero mayor de aves (20.000) ocurri\u00f3 en octubre de 1994, lo cual coincidi\u00f3 con el valor mensual m\u00e1s alto de precipitaci\u00f3n. De febrero a abril, se observaron pocos flamencos o estaban ausentes. El 55% de las aves utilizaron las albuferas centro y noreste del sector El Arroyo, pero tambi\u00e9n, un 25% usaron el \u00e1rea aleda\u00f1a a la desembocadura del Ca\u00f1o Viejo. Las perturbaciones humanas incluyeron la presencia de lanchas y pescadores en forma frecuente y en ocasiones el uso de la ci\u00e9naga como \u00e1rea de impactaci\u00f3n (blanco) por las pr\u00e1cticas militares realizadas en las \u00e1reas adyacentes. Por otro lado, la construcci\u00f3n de diques correspondiente a la empresa industrial de sal, posiblemente afect\u00f3 aproximadamente 2.500 ha de \u00e1rea disponible para la alimentaci\u00f3n de los flamencos. Aparentemente, \u00e9sto s\u00f3lo afect\u00f3 a las aves en su etapa inicial, dado que se observaron aliment\u00e1ndose dentro de los mismos (Concentrador 1), a\u00fan antes de que se finalizaran los trabajos de construcci\u00f3n.\n      </p>", "Species that build the physical structure of ecosystems often reproduce clonally, both in terrestrial (e.g., grasses, trees) and marine (e.g., corals, seagrasses) environments. The degree of clonality may vary over a species' range in accordance with the relative success of sexual and asexual recruitment. High genotypic (clonal) diversity of structural species may promote the species diversity and resilience of ecosystems in the face of environmental extremes. Conversely, low genotypic diversity may indicate an asexual strategy to maintain resources and genetic variation during population decline. Here, we use microsatellite markers to assess geographic variation in clonality in the coral Acropora palmata sampled from 26 reefs in eight regions spanning its tropical western Atlantic range (n = 751). Caribbean-wide, the ratio (\u00b1SD) of genets (Ng) to sampled ramets (N) was 0.51 \u00b1 0.28. Within reefs (30\u201470 m) and among reefs (10\u2014100 km) within regions, clonal structure varied from being predominantly asexual (Ng/N approaching 0) to purely sexual (Ng/N = 1). However, two genetically isolated regions (western and eastern Caribbean) differed in clonal structure: genotypically depauperate populations (Ng/N = 0.43 \u00b1 0.31) with lower densities (0.13 \u00b1 0.08 colonies/m2) characterized the western region, while denser (0.30 \u00b1 0.21 colonies/m2), genotypically rich stands (Ng/N = 0.64 \u00b1 0.17) typified the eastern Caribbean. Genotypic richness (standardized to sample size; Ng/N) and genotypic diversity (Go/Ge) were negatively related to colony density within each province (r2 = 0.49\u20140.66, P &lt; 0.001), indicating that dense stands have higher rates of asexual recruitment than less dense populations. Asexual recruitment was not correlated with large-scale disturbance history or abundance of large colonies (potential fragment sources) but was negatively correlated with shelf area (r2 = 0.57, P &lt; 0.01). We argue that sexual recruitment is more prevalent in the eastern range of A. palmata than the west, and that these geographic differences in the contribution of reproductive modes to population structure may be related to habitat characteristics. The two populations of the threatened A. palmata differ fundamentally in reproductive character and may respond differently to environmental change.\n      </p>", "Reef corals are sentinels for the adverse effects of rapid global warming on the planet's ecosystems. Warming sea surface temperatures have led to frequent episodes of bleaching and mortality among corals that depend on endosymbiotic micro-algae {Symbiodinium) for their survival. However, our understanding of the ecological and evolutionary response of corals to episodes of thermal stress remains inadequate. For the first time, we describe how the symbioses of major reef-building species in the Caribbean respond to severe thermal stress before, during and after a severe bleaching event. Evidence suggests that background populations of Symbiodinium trenchi {Dia) increased in prevalence and abundance, especially among corals that exhibited high sensitivity to stress. Contrary to previous hypotheses, which posit that a change in symbiont occurs subsequent to bleaching, \u00ab S. trenchi increased in the weeks leading up to and during the bleaching episode and disproportionately dominated colonies that did not bleach. During the bleaching event, approximately 20 per cent of colonies surveyed harboured this symbiont at high densities (calculated at less than 1.0% only months before bleaching began). However, competitive displacement by homologous symbionts significantly reduced 5. trenchfs prevalence and dominance among colonies after a 2-year period following the bleaching event. While the extended duration of thermal stress in 2005 provided an ecological opportunity for a rare host-generalist symbiont, it remains unclear to what extent the rise and fall of S. trenchi was of ecological benefit or whether its increased prevalence was an indicator of weakening coral health.\n      </p>", "While the amount of reactive nitrogen circulating at the global level has increased markedly in the last century, the effects of this increase are largely seen at the regional level due to interacting ecological and socio-economic factors. In contrast with most other regions of the world, Latin America and the Caribbean (LA-Ca) stand out due to the fact that the major input of reactive nitrogen (Nr) still occurs naturally via biological nitrogen fixation (BNF) in natural ecosystems as opposed to anthropogenic inputs of synthetic fertilizer, fossil fuel combustion and cropping with leguminous species. Largely due to economic reasons, the consumption of fertilizer N in the LA-Ca region is still low in comparison with the average consumption of the world. However, the fertilizer N consumption is increasing at a much faster rate than that in developed regions of the world, like USA and Canada. The Nr production through BNF in cultivated plants that fix nitrogen (C-BNF) is 5 times lower than that occurring naturally in Latin America, but is still equivalent to 16% of the world C-BNF. The cultivation of nitrogen-fixing crop species in the LA-Ca region is also increasing, almost entirely due to the expansion of soybean fields in the central and northern regions of Brazil and the Pampa region of Argentina. Other anthropogenic activities in the region that contribute to an increase in the circulation of reactive nitrogen include the impact of biomass burning and urbanization. In the last decade, an average of 47,000 km\u00b2 per year of forests was burned in the LA-Ca region. The environmental impact of urban centers in the LA-Ca region has become very important, since an intense urbanization process is occurring in this region, at an intensity that far exceeds urban development in the northern hemisphere. The consequences of increased urbanization include increased emissions of $\\text{NO}_{x}$ to the atmosphere due to the fossil fuel combustion, and the lack of sewage treatment facilities in most cities of the LA-Ca result in a large volume of untreated sewage discharged into surface waters, creating serious environmental problems. The combination of rapid urbanization and agricultural intensification in this region suggest that concern is warranted for the potential for increase in the circulation of reactive nitrogen in the very near future. At the same time, the opportunity still exists to mitigate some of the consequences of human impact on the nitrogen cycle in a region that still maintains a large fraction of its natural ecosystems intact.\n      </p>", "Oceanographic changes caused by the emerging Central American isthmus, which completely severed connections between the Caribbean Sea and tropical Pacific Ocean about 3.5 million years ago, began to stimulate evolution of Caribbean reef corals and benthic foraminifera in the Late Miocene. At that time, first appearances of benthic foraminifera increased, especially those species strongly associated with carbonate-rich substrata; reef corals diversified dramatically; and the carbonate content of southern Caribbean deep-sea sediments increased. We suggest that the changes in marine environments caused by the constricting seaway and resulting in increasing carbonate content of sediments induced accelerated origination in reef corals and carbonate-associated benthic foraminifera.\n      </p>", "Cervical cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths among women in Latin America and the Caribbean, and disproportionately affects poorer women. Mortality rates in the region are seven times greater than in North America. In light of the significant public health burden, the Pan American Health Organization has drafted a Regional Strategy for Cervical Cancer Prevention and Control. The Strategy calls for increased action to strengthen programmes through an integrated package of services: health information and education; screening and pre-cancer treatment; invasive cervical cancer treatment and palliative care; and evidence-based policy decisions on whether and how to introduce human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccines. It calls for a seven-point plan of action: conduct a situation analysis; intensify information, education and counselling; scale up screening and link to pre-cancer treatment; strengthen information systems and cancer registries; improve access to and quality of cancer treatment and palliative care; generate evidence to facilitate decision-making regarding HPV vaccine introduction; and advocate for equitable access and affordable HPV vaccines. This proposed strategy, approved by the PAHO Directing Council on 1 October 2008, has the possibility of stimulating and accelerating the introduction of new screening technology and HPV vaccines into programmes throughout Latin America and the Caribbean. /// Le cancer du col de l'ut\u00e9rus est la principale cause de mortalit\u00e9 par cancer chez les femmes en Am\u00e9rique latine et dans les Cara\u00efbes, et il touche de mani\u00e8re disproportionn\u00e9e les femmes pauvres. Les taux de mortalit\u00e9 dans la r\u00e9gion sont sept fois plus \u00e9lev\u00e9s qu'en Am\u00e9rique du Nord. C'est pourquoi l'Organisation panam\u00e9ricaine de sant\u00e9 (OPS) a formul\u00e9 une Strat\u00e9gie r\u00e9gionale pour la pr\u00e9vention et le contr\u00f4le du cancer du col de l'ut\u00e9rus. La Strat\u00e9gie demande une action accrue pour renforcer les programmes par un ensemble int\u00e9gr\u00e9 de services: \u00e9ducation en sant\u00e9; d\u00e9pistage et traitement des l\u00e9sions pr\u00e9canc\u00e9reuses; traitement et soins palliatifs des formes invasives; et d\u00e9cisions de politique \u00e0 base factuelle sur l'opportunit\u00e9 et les modalit\u00e9s de l'introduction des vaccins contre le papillomavirus humain (PVH). Elle pr\u00f4ne un plan d'action en sept points: mener une \u00e9valuation de la situation; intensifier l'\u00e9ducation, l'information et le conseil; affermir les programmes de d\u00e9pistage et de traitement pr\u00e9canc\u00e9reux; renforcer les syst\u00e8mes d'information et les registres du cancer; am\u00e9liorer l'acc\u00e8s et la qualit\u00e9 du traitement du cancer et des soins palliatifs; cr\u00e9er des donn\u00e9es probantes pour faciliter la prise de d\u00e9cision concernant l'introduction du vaccin anti-PVH; et pr\u00e9coniser un acc\u00e8s \u00e9quitable et abordable aux vaccins anti-PVH. Si elle est approuv\u00e9e par le Conseil de directeur de l'OPS le $1^{{\\rm er}}$ octobre 2008, cette strat\u00e9gie pourrait stimuler et acc\u00e9l\u00e9rer l'introduction de nouvelles technologies de d\u00e9pistage et des vaccins anti-PVH en Am\u00e9rique latine et aux Cara\u00efbes. /// El c\u00e1ncer cervical es la principal causa de muertes por c\u00e1ncer entre las mujeres de Latinoam\u00e9rica y el Caribe, y afecta desproporcionadamente a las mujeres m\u00e1s pobres. Las tasas de mortalidad en la regi\u00f3n son siete veces mayor que en Norteam\u00e9rica. En vista de la considerable carga de salud p\u00fablica, la Organizaci\u00f3n Panamericana de la Salud elabor\u00f3 la versi\u00f3n preliminar de una Estrategia Regional para la Prevenci\u00f3n y el Control del C\u00e1ncer Cervical. La estrategia hace un llamado para aumentar las medidas destinadas a fortalecer los programas mediante una serie integrada de servicios: informaci\u00f3n y educaci\u00f3n en salud; tamizaje y tratamiento pre-c\u00e1ncer; tratamiento invasivo del c\u00e1ncer cervical y atenci\u00f3n paliativa; y decisiones de pol\u00edticas basadas en evidencia respecto a si se deben introducir vacunas contra el virus del papiloma humano (VPH) y c\u00f3mo. Hace un llamado para ejecutar un plan de acci\u00f3n de siete puntos: realizar un an\u00e1lisis de situaci\u00f3n; intensificar la informaci\u00f3n, educaci\u00f3n y consejer\u00eda; ampliar el tamizaje y vincular al tratamiento pre-c\u00e1ncer; fortalecer los sistemas de informaci\u00f3n y los registros de c\u00e1ncer; mejorar el acceso al tratamiento del c\u00e1ncer y la atenci\u00f3n paliativa y la calidad de estos; generar evidencia para facilitar la toma de decisiones respecto al lanzamiento de vacunas contra el VPH; y abogar por igualdad de acceso y vacunas de VPH a precios asequibles. Si es aprobada por el Consejo Directivo de la OPS el 1 de octubre de 2008, esta estrategia tiene la posibilidad de estimular y acelerar el lanzamiento de una nueva tecnolog\u00eda de tamizaje y vacunas contra el VPH en los programas de Latinoam\u00e9rica y el Caribe.\n      </p>", "The decline of corals on tropical reefs is usually ascribed to a combination of natural and anthropogenic factors, but the relative importance of these causes remains unclear. In this paper, we attempt to quantify the contribution of hurricanes to Caribbean coral cover decline over the past two decades using meta-analyses. Our study included published and unpublished data from 286 coral reef sites monitored for variable lengths of time between 1980 and 2001. Of these, 177 sites had experienced hurricane impacts during their period of survey. Across the Caribbean, coral cover is reduced by ~17%, on average, in the year following a hurricane impact. The magnitude of this immediate loss increases with hurricane intensity and with the time elapsed since the last impact. In the following year, no further loss is discernible, but the decline in cover then resumes on impacted sites at a rate similar to the regional background rate of decline for nonimpacted sites. There is no evidence of recovery to a pre-storm state for at least eight years after impact. Overall, coral cover at sites impacted by a hurricane has declined at a significantly faster rate (6% per annum) than nonimpacted sites (2% per annum), due almost exclusively to higher rates of loss in the year after impact in the 1980s. While hurricanes, through their immediate impacts, appear to have contributed to changing coral cover on many Caribbean reefs in the 1980s, the similar decline in coral cover at impacted and nonimpacted sites in the 1990s suggests that other stressors are now relatively more important in driving the overall pattern of change in coral cover in this region. The overall lack of post-hurricane recovery points to a general impairment of the regeneration potential of Caribbean coral reefs.\n      </p>", "Like much of the Third World, Caribbean countries have in recent years aggressively pursued an industrial policy that seeks to attract foreign industrialists to produce for export. Researchers, although frequently lacking evidence for key variables and their interrelationships, have rendered an unwarranted final judgment that the current development model is negative for the Caribbean. In response, this paper develops a broad framework for understanding the constraints on, and the potential of, Caribbean industrial policy. The framework (1) situates the prevailing industrial policy among interrelated issues, such as Caribbean development strategy, debt, trade, race, gender, and technology; (2) highlights important concerns for which we thus far lack details, such as the performance of domestic manufacturers and the full costs of industrial policy; and (3) provides an organizational tool for empirically informed research on industrial policy in developing countries. The framework offers a pessimistic interim evaluation of Caribbean industrial policy, suggesting many reasons why it is unlikely to repay host societies with social development. It leaves open the possibility, however, that further empirically informed analysis will find that the prospects are more favorable in some countries, and for more specific goals, such as expanded industrial export opportunities, economic diversification, and the acquisition of managerial skills.\n      </p>", "The Caribbean Islands are one of the ten insular biodiversity hotspots that are defined based on endemicity, massive habitat loss and vulnerability to extinction. Asteraceae genera endemic to islands have provided well known examples of plant radiation worldwide and illustrate the importance of these insular systems for evolutionary and conservation studies. A review of known patterns of taxonomic diversity and molecular cladistics is provided for Asteraceae genera and species endemic in the Caribbean Island biodiversity hotspot. We found that when compared with other island systems worldwide the Caribbean Islands have the highest number of endemic genera (41), have endemic genera in the highest number of tribes, and harbor the only Asteraceae tribe endemic to an island system, the Feddeeae which is restricted to Cuba. These unique patterns identify the Caribbean Islands as the most important insular area of endemism for this major plant family. Molecular cladistic studies are limited to only seven species in seven endemic genera and six endemic species in five non-endemic genera. These few studies are however relevant as: (1) they confirm the tribal status of the Feddeeae, (2) suggest colonization events from the highlands of Cuba toward low elevation and geologically recent areas of the Bahamas and South Florida, (3) provide evidence for biogeographical links to remote regions of the Pacific Basin, and (4) identify sister relationships with continental taxa, mostly from North America. /// Las Islas del Caribe son uno de los diez \"punto calientes\" insulares de biodiversidad, los cuales vienen definidos por sus niveles de endemicidad, masiva p\u00e9rdida de habitat y vulnerabilidad y extinci\u00f3n. Aster\u00e1ceas end\u00e9micas de islas han proporcionado ejemplos muy bien conocidos de radiaci\u00f3n vegetal a nivel mundial, \u00e9stos ilustran la importancia de los sistemas insulares en estudios evolutivos y de conservaci\u00f3n. Se presenta una revisi\u00f3n de las pautas de diversidad taxon\u00f3mica y de cladismo molecular en Aster\u00e1ceas de las Islas del Caribe. Hemos encontrado que comparadas con otros sistemas insulares, las Islas del Caribe tienen el mayor n\u00famero de g\u00e9neros end\u00e9micos (41), tienen g\u00e9neros end\u00e9micos en el mayor n\u00famero de tribus y poseen la \u00fanica tribu de la familia end\u00e9mica en islas, Feddeeae es end\u00e9mica de Cuba. Estas pautas de diversidad exclusivas de las Islas del Caribe hacen que \u00e9stas sean el \u00e1rea de endemismos insulares m\u00e1s importante para las Aster\u00e1ceas. Estudios de cladismo molecular se limitan solamente a siete especies en siete g\u00e9neros end\u00e9micos y a seis especies en cinco g\u00e9neros no end\u00e9micos. Este reducido n\u00famero de estudios son de todas formas relevantes debido a que: (1) confirman el estatus a nivel de tribu de Feddeeae, (2) sugieren una ruta de colonizaci\u00f3n desde zonas altas de Cuba hacia \u00e1reas de baja elevaci\u00f3n de las Bahamas y el sur de la Florida, (3) proporcionan evidencia de conexiones biogeogr\u00e1ficas con regions remotas del Oc\u00e9ano Pac\u00edfico, y (4) identifican relaciones de hermandad con t\u00e1xones continentales, principalmente de Am\u00e9rica del Norte.\n      </p>", "Coral bleaching is a stress-related response that can be triggered by elevated sea surface temperatures (SST). Recent increases in the frequency of coral bleaching have led to concerns that increases in marine temperatures may threaten entire coral reef regions. We report exponential increases in the geographical extent and intensity of coral bleaching in the Caribbean with increasing SST anomalies. A rise in regional SST of 0.1\u00b0C results in 35% and 42% increases in the geographic extent and intensity of coral bleaching, respectively. Maximum bleaching extent and intensity are predicted to occur at regional SST anomalies of less than +1\u00b0C, which coincides with the most conservative projections for warming in the Caribbean by the end of the 21st century. Coral bleaching is therefore likely to become a chronic source of stress for Caribbean reefs in the near future.\n      </p>", "The largest remaining green turtle (Chelonia mydas) population in the Atlantic is potentially threatened by the resurgence of a commercial artisanal green turtle fishery in Nicaragua. Nicaragua is the site of the principal feeding ground for adults from the Tortuguero, Costa Rica, rookery. Little is known about the life history parameters of this population away from the nesting beach. To better understand the potential impact of harvesting in Nicaragua on the Tortuguero population, we estimated survival rates of adult females tagged on the nesting beach at Tortuguero, and a mixed group of large juveniles and adults tagged at turtle fishing sites in Nicaragua. Based on band recovery analysis, large juvenile and adult green turtles tagged at Nicaragua turtle fishing sites have a very low annual survival probability, 0.55. Adult females tagged on the nesting beach, which may forage at a broad range of Caribbean feeding grounds, had an annual survival probability of 0.82. These survival rate estimates are likely too low to sustain the population and have important implications for the future of the Tortuguero rookery. /// La mayor poblaci\u00f3n remanente de tortuga verde (Chelonia mydas) en el Atl\u00e1ntico se encuentra potencialmente amenazada por el resurgimiento de la pesquer\u00eda comercial artesanal de tortugas en Nicaragua. Nicaragua es el sitio de la principal \u00e1rea de alimentaci\u00f3n para los adultos de la colonia de Tortuguero, Costa Rica. Se conoce poco acerca de los par\u00e1metros de la historia de vida de esta poblaci\u00f3n fuera de la playa de anidaci\u00f3n. Para comprender mejor el impacto potencial de la captura en Nicaragua de individuos de la poblaci\u00f3n de Tortuguero, estimamos las tasas de sobrevivencia de hembras adultas marcadas en la playa de Tortuguero, y de un grupo mixto de juveniles grandes y adultos marcados en las localidades de pesca en Nicaragua. Con base en un an\u00e1lisis de recuperaci\u00f3n de bandas, los juveniles grandes y adultos de tortuga verde marcados en las localidades de pesca en Nicaragua tienen una probabilidad de sobrevivencia anual muy baja, 0.55. Las hembras adultas marcadas en la playa de anidaci\u00f3n, las cuales pueden alimentarse en un rango amplio de zonas de forrajeo en el Caribe, tienen una probabilidad anual de sobrevivencia de 0.82. Estos valores estimados para tasas de sobrevivencia son probablemente demasiado bajos para sostener la poblaci\u00f3n y tienen importantes implicaciones para el futuro de la colonia de Tortuguero.\n      </p>", "Caribbean biogeography is reviewed to illustrate within a particular geographic framework how evidence of plant and animal distribution may be interpreted without commitment to special assumptions other than allopatric speciation (vicariance). The distributional data are examined with respect to whether or not they form recognizable patterns within the Caribbean region. Four main patterns and one lesser pattern are identified. The patterns or generalized distributional tracks are regions or geographical features (e.g., islands, coastlines, oceanic and continental regions) in which the distributions of monophyletic groups of diverse organisms are coincident. The generalized tracks are compared with geophysical theories of Caribbean history. The one geophysical theory which is strongly consistent with the distributional evidence (generalized tracks) specifies that Antillean land was originally or had its origin as part of an early lower Central American archipelago that was later replaced by the tectonically and topographically similar, presentday, lower Central American land. The postulated events associated with this replacement involve continental drift, the main effect of which would have been to intrude a portion of the eastern Pacific sea floor into the tropical western Atlantic, carrying the early lower Central American archipelago with it. The hypothesized intruded sea floor, now forming the Caribbean Sea, is bounded on the north and east by a transposed, original archipelago, the Antilles, and on the west by a new archipelago, now represented by the continuous land of present-day lower Central America. The separate parts of each generalized track are interpreted as the remnants of an ancestral biota that underwent geographical fragmentation followed by allopatric speciation (vicariance). This vicariance model of Caribbean biogeography specifies where dispersal, rather than vicariance, is the most parsimonious interpretation of a particular individual distribution, and contrasts strongly with other biogeographic interpretations in which dispersal is assumed aprioristically to be the sole, or single most important, feature of Caribbean biotic history. The vicariance model is also shown to predict, and therefore to be tested by, phylogenies (cladograms) of geographically included taxa.\n      </p>", "Aim To test the hypothesis that Caribbean Short-faced bats descended from a single recent ancestor that originated in the continental Neotropics (Mexico, Central America and/or South America). Location The Neotropics, including the West Indies. Methods New mitochondrial cytochrome b and nuclear Rag2 sequences were combined with published molecular data to estimate phylogenetic relationships and sequence divergence among Short-faced bats. The resulting phylogenies were compared with those compatible with the single-origin hypothesis using two model-based statistical tests. Confidence limits on sequence divergence were estimated using a parametric bootstrap. Results All molecular phylogenies revealed two independent Caribbean lineages and showed that continental Short-faced bats share a recent common ancestor. Morphology-based trees compatible with the single-origin hypothesis were significantly worse at explaining the molecular data than any molecular phylogeny. Main conclusions The ancestor of all Short-faced bats reached the Antilles in the Miocene, too recently to have used a proposed Oligocene land bridge, and well before the Pleistocene glaciations that are thought to have facilitated dispersal for many bats. After a long period of isolation, Short-faced bats diversified quickly on the Caribbean islands. A single Short-faced lineage then reached the continent and subsequently expanded its range and diversified into the four extant genera. Among bats, independent lineages of aerial insectivores and nectarivores have also recolonized the continent after evolving in the West Indies. The evidence for an insular origin of the short-faced frugivorous radiation completes a dynamic model of Caribbean biogeography that encompasses an entire biological community.\n      </p>", "The population of Caribbean Flamingos (Phoenicopterus ruber ruber) on the Yucat\u00e1n Peninsula of Mexico occurs within an 8,000- km2 coastal wetland complex where 2 reserves were established in 1979, specifically to protect flamingos: the R\u00eda Lagartos Reserve (55,350 ha) and the R\u00eda Celest\u00fan Reserve (59,130 ha). This population has increased from a low of 6,057 in 1954 to 27,000 in 1998. Although research interest on flamingos on the Yucat\u00e1n Peninsula began in the 1950s, this paper summarizes the detailed studies that began in the mid-1980s. A 1986-87 study in Celest\u00fan reported that nonbreeding flamingos spent 45-56% of their time feeding, followed by 18% preening, and 12% resting. Following Hurricane Gilbert in 1988, feeding time increased to near 90% because the hurricane had reduced available food; about 60 flamingos also succumbed to lead poisoning from ingestion of spent shot. In 1992-93, a habitat assessment at Celest\u00fan identified the predominant food items available to flamingos as gastropods (40%), muskgrass (Chara spp.) bulbils (26%), crustaceans (11%), and chironomids (10%); food was distributed in patches. Flamingos initially concentrated where food is most abundant, but dispersed to other areas as they depleted food resources. A 1994-95 study compared behavior and food resources at 2 important flamingo sites, Celest\u00fan and Uaymit\u00fan, to assess factors affecting distribution and movements of flamingos at a landscape level. Conclusions were that natural variability of the food base, in addition to fluctuations in environmental conditions that affect food availability (e.g., hurricanes), results in a food base acting like a shifting mosaic of available habitat at these 2 sites, which are likely representative of other sites used by flamingos in Yucat\u00e1n. Movements of flamingos were determined from March 1996 through March 1997 by tracking 98 flamingos fitted with radiotransmitters. Nonbreeding birds tended to stay at 1-2 sites, but 24% changed sites at least 3 times, and 15% changed at least 5 times. Breeding birds changed sites at least 3 times, and 67% changed sites &gt;7 times. Flamingos in Yucat\u00e1n also use the salt ponds of the Industria Salinera de Yucat\u00e1n, located within the R\u00eda Lagartos Lagoon. A 1994-95 study reported that most food was found in the low-salinity ponds (63-73 ppt) and high-salinity ponds (147-205 ppt); no food was found in intermediate-salinity ponds (78-136 ppt). Flamingos used the high-salinity ponds year-round and the low-salinity ponds during wet seasons. The collective conclusion from these studies was that because flamingos use the entire 8,000- km2 wetland complex in Yucat\u00e1n, a regional planning approach is needed to maintain the natural hydrology of the area, which creates the conditions that provide pulses of available feeding and nesting habitat for flamingos. Such a landscape-level planning approach is essential and well within the capabilities of the local, state, national, and international organizations concerned with protecting the coastal wetlands of Yucat\u00e1n. Ecotourism associated with viewing flamingos is also substantial, especially in Celest\u00fan, and needs to be managed to minimize disturbance to the birds. /// La poblaci\u00f3n de flamenco caribe\u00f1o (Phoenicopterus ruber ruber) de la pen\u00ednsula de Yucat\u00e1n, M\u00e9xico, se encuentra dentro de los 8,000 km2 que abarca el complejo de humedales costeros, donde se establecieron 2 reservas en 1979, espec\u00edficamente para proteger el flamenco: la Reserva de R\u00eda Lagartos (55.350 ha) y la Reserva de R\u00eda Celest\u00fan (59.130 ha). Esta poblaci\u00f3n aument\u00f3 de 6.057 individuos en 1954 a 27.000 en 1998. Aunque el inter\u00e9s en estudiar esta poblaci\u00f3n comenz\u00f3 en la d\u00e9cada de los 50, este trabajo resume las investigaciones detalladas que empezaron a mediados de los a\u00f1os 80. Un estudio realizado en 1986-1987 determin\u00f3 que los flamencos cuando no est\u00e1n en la temporada de reproducci\u00f3n, se alimentan 45-56% del tiempo, se acicalan 18% del tiempo y descansan 12% del tiempo. Despu\u00e9s del hurac\u00e1n Gilberto en 1988, los flamencos en Celest\u00fan aumentaron el porcentaje de tiempo dedicado a la alimentaci\u00f3n a 90% porque el hurac\u00e1n disminuy\u00f3 la disponibilidad de alimento. Aproximadamente 60 flamencos murieron envenenados por perdigones de plomo. En 1992-93, una evaluaci\u00f3n de h\u00e1bitat en Celest\u00fan identific\u00f3 a los gaster\u00f3podos (40%), tub\u00e9rculos de Chara sp., crust\u00e1ceos (11%) y chiron\u00f3midos (10%) como los alimentos potenciales m\u00e1s abundantes. \u00c9stos estaban distribuido en parches. Los flamencos se concentraron inicialmente donde el alimento era m\u00e1s abundante pero se dispersaron a otras \u00e1reas cuando agotaban el recurso alimenticio. Un estudio en 1994-95 compar\u00f3 el comportamiento y los recursos alimenticios en 2 sitios importantes para flamencos, Celest\u00fan y Uaymit\u00fan, para evaluar algunos de los factores que afectan la distribuci\u00f3n y los movimientos de los flamencos a nivel del paisaje. Las conclusiones del estudio son que la variabilidad natural de la base alimenticia, junto con las fluctuaciones en condiciones ambientales que afectan la disponibilidad de alimento (por ejemplo, huracanes), resultan en una base alimenticia que act\u00faa como un mosaico cambiante de h\u00e1bitat disponible en estos 2 sitios, que probablemente son representativos de otros sitios utilizados por flamencos en Yucat\u00e1n. Los desplazamientos de flamencos a lo largo de la pen\u00ednsula fueron determinados desde marzo 1996 hasta marzo de 1997 mediante el seguimiento de 98 flamencos con radiotransmisores. Los individuos que nidificaron tendieron a permanecer en 1-2 sitios pero 24% cambiaron de sitio por lo menos 3 veces y 15% cambiaron por lo menos 5 veces. Individuos que nidificaron cambiaron de sitio por lo menos 3 veces y 67% cambiaron m\u00e1s de 7 veces. Los flamencos en Yucat\u00e1n tambi\u00e9n usan las charcas salineras de la Industria Salinera de Yucat\u00e1n, ubicada dentro de la laguna R\u00eda Lagartos. Un estudio de 1994-95 indic\u00f3 que la mayor\u00eda del alimento se encontr\u00f3 en charcas de baja salinidad (63-73 ppm) y en las de alta salinidad (147-205 ppm). No se encontr\u00f3 alimento en las charcas de salinidad intermedia. Los flamencos usaron las charcas de alta salinidad durante todo el a\u00f1o y las de baja salinidad durante las \u00e9pocas de lluvia y de \"nortes.\" La conclusi\u00f3n colectiva de estos estudios es que los flamencos utilizan el complejo entero de humedales, el cual abarca 8,000 km2. Por lo tanto, un enfoque regional de planificaci\u00f3n es necesario para manetener los flujos naturales de agua, los cuales crean las condiciones que producen latidos de h\u00e1bitat disponible para la alimentaci\u00f3n y reproducci\u00f3n de flamencos. Este enfoque de planificaci\u00f3n a nivel del paisaje es esencial y dentro de las capacidades de las organizaciones locales, estatales, nacionales e internacionales interesadas en la protecci\u00f3n de los humedales costeros de Yucat\u00e1n. El ecoturismo asociado a la observaci\u00f3n de flamencos es importante, especialmente en Celest\u00fan y debe ser manejado para minimizar la perturbaci\u00f3n de las aves.\n      </p>", "The Commonwealth Caribbean sugar industry had substantial potential economies of scale in 1930. The partial realization of these economies caused an upward shift in both boundaries of the factory size range. A four stage development model of multiple nuclei growth, consolidation, single cell starvation, and closure summarizes the changing geographical pattern of survival with increasing threshold size. Institutional structure in Jamaica imposed diseconomies of scale which seriously undermined its sugar industry's viability.\n      </p>", "Afro-Caribbean labour in France plays a distinctive role relative to the French population as a whole and the foreign immigrant population. Using a variety of qualitative and quantitative sources, this paper demonstrates that the role of the state in the process of migration from the French Caribbean islands of Martinique and Guadeloupe from the early 1960s onwards was crucial. The key features are the French nationality of the migrants; the role of women in the labour force; the importance of public sector employment; and the varied level of skills acquired. Aggregate sources are used to describe detailed occupational distributions while records of individual migrants illustrate the process of migration and the influences on employment. At a time usually characterized by lack of direct involvement in migration by the French state, for Afro-Caribbeans state intervention in recruitment, training and settlement is shown to be very substantial.\n      </p>", "Based on the example of migration to metropolitan France, this paper highlights the importance of systematising a gender perspective in the study of Caribbean migration. In the French case, the state used representations of gender roles to recruit women and men and direct them initially to particular sections of the labour market. Population census and archival data are combined with migrant histories to demonstrate the consequence of such processes in early employment outcomes. Another aspect of gender relations is in the variety of transnational experiences of women and men migrants, as shown by different forms of attachment to the Caribbean and different factors working towards or against a desire to return permanently. The necessity of gender being taken into account in interaction with other sets of social relations and demographic variables is discussed in an analysis of the position of Caribbean migrants on the metropolitan labour market and of the determinants of return migration. /// Utilizando como ejemplo la migraci\u00f3n a Francia metropolitana, este art\u00edculo destaca la importancia de sistematizar una perspectiva de g\u00e9nero en el estudio de la migraci\u00f3n caribe\u00f1a. En el caso franc\u00e9s, el estado utiliz\u00f3 representaciones de los roles de g\u00e9nero para reclutar mujeres y hombres y dirigirlos inicialmente a secciones particulares del mercado laboral. Se combinan censos poblacionales y datos de archivos con las historias de los inmigrantes para demostrar la consecuencia de este proceso y los resultados en los primeros empleos. Otro aspecto de las relaciones de g\u00e9nero es en la variedad de experiencias transnacionales de mujeres y hombres inmigrantes, como lo demuestran las diferentes formas de apego al Caribe y los diferentes factores que influyen a favor o en contra del inter\u00e9s en el deseo de regreso permanente. La necesidad de tomar en cuenta el g\u00e9nero en interacci\u00f3n con otras relaciones sociales y variables demogr\u00e1ficas se discute en un an\u00e1lisis de la posici\u00f3n de los inmigrantes caribe\u00f1os en los mercados laborales metropolitanos y en los determinantes en la inmigraci\u00f3n de retorno. /// A partir de l'exemple de la migration vers la France m\u00e9tropolitaine, cet article souligne qu'il est n\u00e9cessaire d'introduire syst\u00e9matiquement une perspective de genre dans l'\u00e9tude des migrations antillaises. Dans le cas de la France, l'\u00e9tat s'est appuy\u00e9 sur des repr\u00e9sentations des r\u00f4les f\u00e9minins et masculins pour recruter des femmes et des hommes et pour les orienter au d\u00e9but vers certaines parties du march\u00e9 du travail. Des donn\u00e9es de recensement de la population et des mat\u00e9riaux d'archives sont utilis\u00e9s pour d\u00e9crire les cons\u00e9quences de ces processus dans les premi\u00e8res ann\u00e9es de travail en m\u00e9tropole. La diversit\u00e9 des exp\u00e9riences de transnationalit\u00e9 des migrantes et des migrants refl\u00e8te \u00e9galement les rapports de genre, tant dans les formes d'attachement aux pays d'origine que dans les facteurs incitant ou non \u00e0 la migration de retour. Par une analyse, d'une part, de la position des migrants antillais sur le march\u00e9 du travail m\u00e9tropolitain et, d'autre part, des d\u00e9terminants de la migration de retour, l'importance de la prise en compte des rapports de genre en interaction avec d'autres rapports sociaux et des variables d\u00e9mographiques est examin\u00e9e.\n      </p>", "The currently dominant element in the labour migration from the Caribbean to Britain and France is a return flow of migrants. This paper focuses on the migrations from the Commonwealth and the French Caribbean to Britain and France respectively. While these migrations are historically similar in origin, subsequent differences in the colonial and immigration policies of Britain and France have resulted in divergent migration trends and experiences. New sources of data are drawn on in this comparative study of return migration to the Caribbean, providing up-to-date information on the size and demographic characteristics of the returnee populations. Equally important to this study is the section of the migrant population who are likely to remain in Europe. The authors argue that a comprehensive model of labour migration would need to incorporate the non-return situation in its dynamic entirety.\n      </p>", "This study is based on a survey examining the relationships among continental African, African American, and African Caribbean persons. Relationships were explored in terms of contact and friendship, travel to countries of the diaspora, cross-cultural communications, thoughts and stereotypes, and education involving knowledge of the diaspora. The outcome of this survey points to the need for more Afrocentric education in the curriculum (from elementary school to college) as a means of reeducating people to have a better perspective of the African diaspora and to dispel myths and negative stereotypes about African people.\n      </p>", "We report the inedited occurrence of zygospores in symbiotic Asellariales (Zygomycota) from Puerto Rico and Dominican Republic. Two new species of Asellaria are described, Asellaria dactylopus and A. jatibonicua, both found in the hindgut of terrestrial isopods. The presence of spherical zygospores in the latter species represents a novelty for the order. The related gut-fungi Harpellales were known to produce sexual spores, characteristically conical or biconical. Order Asellariales is emended to include the description of zygospores. An undetermined species of Orchesellaria also is reported from the Caribbean. Comments are provided for each of the species as well as drawings and photographs to illustrate each taxon.\n      </p>", "A classification is presented of community types found in the coastal sand dune systems along the Gulf coast and the Caribbean Sea of Mexico. Twenty-eight dune systems were sampled along transects using the Braun-Blanquet approach. A total of 4444 relev\u00e9s were subjected to agglomerative classification and table arrangement (program TABORD). Synoptic species values were calculated for the 396 clusters obtained. They were arranged in two new data sets, one comprising the material from Tamaulipas and Veracruz and the other Yucatan and Quintana Roo. These data sets were again subjected to classification and ordination (detrended correspondence analysis) programs. Final community types are based on the basic clusters, 59 types for the Gulf area and 31 for the Caribbean. Their geographical and ecological distribution is interpreted. The description of types includes information on differential and dominant, as well as frequent accompanying species, and also on some structural characters. The results were compared with a parallel study of the central Gulf area, including Tabasco and Campeche. Six main distribution patterns of the community types were found: 1) along the coast (mostly pioneer communities), 2) northern section of the Gulf, 3) northern section of the Gulf and the Caribbean, 4) mainly restricted to the Gulf, 5) intermediate patterns within Tabasco and Campeche and 6) restricted to Yucatan and Quintana Roo. The ordinations showed both local zonation patterns directly related to dune physiography and regional patterns produced mainly by soil and climate differences. Both for the Gulf and the Caribbean material axis 1 reflects a sea-inland gradient from pioneer types towards thickets on the fixed dunes. Axis 2 shows a geographical transition from Tamaulipas to Veracruz types in the Gulf material and from Yucatan to Quintana Roo types in the Caribbean case. The Gulf types can be grouped into: 1) Tamaulipas types with species in common with Texas and the southeastern United States, (Uniola paniculata). 2) Veracruz and Tabasco types, with many thicket species in common with inland vegetation types (Randia laetevirens, Coccoloba barbadensis and Citharexylum berlandieri). The Caribbean types can be grouped into: 1) Yucatan types with species from drier habitats and characterized by the endemic Enriquebeltrania crenatifolia, Agava angustifolia and halophytes like Bravaisia tubiflora, Pithecellobium keyense and Suaeda linearis; 2) Quintana Roo types with typical Caribbean communities with Erithalis fruticosa, Coccoloba uvifera, Ernodea littoralis and the palms Pseudophoenix sargentii and Thrinax radiata.\n      </p>", "This article argues that greater attention should be paid to aural elements of Caribbean literary texts. Taking rhythm as a recurring sonic element of Caribbean writing, it considers ways that rhythm has been used as a shifting, polyvalent marker of black Caribbean history and identity. Works by Jacques Roumain show how rhythm functions as a marker of resistance in the Africanist phase of Francophone Caribbean literature. Scenes in Joseph Zobel's \"La Rue Cases-N\u00e8gres\" suggest how in the post-Negritude era rhythm continued to be an important component of Caribbean fiction. Zobel's work suggests that rhythm not be dismissed as an aspect of the more mystical strands of Caribbean black experience, but be refigured as a dynamic facet of everyday life, as well as a means of connecting the present to the unfinished past of slavery.\n      </p>"], "words": {"limited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolutionary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mexican": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lesser": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "four": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nitrogen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "especially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "causes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "emerging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapid": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "based": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feminist": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "highlights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anolis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "had": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discourse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exclusively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "labour": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "samples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "feminism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divergent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abundance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greater": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "combination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "richness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genera": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coast": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "migrants": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "half": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "argues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "believed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "necessary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "gender": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industrialization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northeastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "biota": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biogeography": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "application": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "composition,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ten": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "second": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perspective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sea": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "population": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allopatric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scale": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "century,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lead": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activism": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "currently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "element": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cause": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seeks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "illustrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "we": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "latin": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "attempt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ascribed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dune": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypothesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapidly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "along": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cervical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "importance,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biodiversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 49, "prob": 0.0004057819791394938}, "study": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "vulnerability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "times": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amount": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "usually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "islands": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "whole": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "unclear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deaths": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "america": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "france": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theorizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "texts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mitochondrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primarily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "speciation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extinction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "skeletons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurrence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "habitat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mexico": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "informed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "due": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accountability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "taken": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exposure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "today": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considerably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficacy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "problem,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "repeated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "luminescence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pacific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archaeologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attract": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "than": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "women": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "case": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archipelago": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "antilles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "f": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intensity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assumptions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phenotypic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "my": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "example": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "and": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "prehistory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "metropolitan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surface": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "france,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "britain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "substantial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socio": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "in": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "seen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indigenous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foreign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tropical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "species": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "as": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "increased": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mountainous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reactive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perhaps": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sugar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "off": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "systematising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "build": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compete": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preoccupation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "terrestrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "migration": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "may": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "african": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "return": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "persons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coastal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "a": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "classification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caribbean": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "on": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "types": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "own": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stress": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "short": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "longer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "third": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ocean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "without": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "green": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pursued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "warming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "region": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "the": {"number": 69, "prob": 0.0005714072767474504}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}}}