{"total_words": 1555, "documents": ["Mainstream organizational research is based on science and the humanities. Science helps us to understand organized systems, from an outsider position, as empirical objects. The humanities contribute to understanding, and critically reflecting on, the human experience of actors inside organized practices. This paper argues that, in view of the persistent relevance gap between theory and practice, organization studies should be broadened to include design as one of its primary modes of engaging in research. Design is characterized by its emphasis on solution finding, guided by broader purposes and ideal target systems. Moreover, design develops, and draws on, design propositions that are tested in pragmatic experiments and grounded in organization science. This study first explores the main differences and synergies between science and design, and explores how and why the design discipline has largely moved away from academia to other sites in the economy. The argument then turns to the genealogy of design methodologies in organization and management studies. Subsequently, this paper explores the circular design methodology that serves to illustrate the nature of design research, that is, the pragmatic focus on actionable knowledge as well as the key role of ideal target systems in design processes. Finally, the author proposes a framework for communication and collaboration between the science and design modes, and argues that scholars in organization studies can guide human beings in the process of designing and developing their organizations toward more humane, participative, and productive futures. In this respect, the organization discipline can make a difference.\n      </p>", "Mental models are one way that humans represent knowledge (Markman, 1999). Instructional design (ID) is a conceptual model for developing instruction and typically includes analysis, design, development, implementation, and evaluation (i.e., ADDIE model). ID, however, has been viewed differently by practicing teachers and instructional designers (Kennedy, 1994). In a graduate ID course students constructed their own ID models. This study analyzed student models for (a) what ADDIE components were included (by teacher, nonteacher), and (b) model structural characteristics (by teacher, nonteacher). Participants included 178 students in 12 deliveries of a master's level ID course (115 teachers, 63 nonteachers). Our conceptual ID model is presented, and the ID model task is described. Students most frequently represented design, followed by program evaluation, needs assessment, development, and implementation. In terms of structural characteristics, 76 models were characterized as metaphoric, 61 dynamic, and 35 sequential. Three interrelated conclusions and implications for ID learning are offered.\n      </p>", "This paper describes the use of model-based geostatistics for choosing the set of sampling locations, collectively called the design, to be used in a geostatistical analysis. Two types of design situation are considered. These are retrospective design, which concerns the addition of sampling locations to, or deletion of locations from, an existing design, and prospective design, which consists of choosing positions for a new set of sampling locations. We propose a Bayesian design criterion which focuses on the goal of efficient spatial prediction whilst allowing for the fact that model parameter values are unknown. The results show that in this situation a wide range of interpoint distances should be included in the design, and the widely used regular design is often not the best choice.\n      </p>", "We propose that organizations use a new framework of workday design to enhance the creativity of today's chronically overworked professionals. Although insights from creativity research have been integrated into models of work design to increase the stimulants of creativity (e.g., intrinsic motivation), this has not led to work design models that have effectively reduced the obstacles to creativity (e.g., workload pressures). As a consequence, creative output among professionals in high-workload contexts remains disappointing. In response, we offer a framework of work design that focuses on the design of entire workdays rather than the typical focus on designing either specific tasks or very broad job descriptions (e.g., as the job characteristics model in Hackman et al. 1975). Furthermore, we introduce the concept of \"mindless\" work (i.e., work that is low in both cognitive difficulty and performance pressures) as an integral part of this framework. We suggest that to enhance creativity among chronically overworked professionals, workdays should be designed to alternate between bouts of cognitively challenging and high-pressure work (as suggested in the original model by Hackman et al. 1975), and bouts of mindless work (as defined in this paper). We discuss the implications of our framework for theories of work design and creativity.\n      </p>", "Management (at least as reflected by popular management culture) is now more interested in redesigning systems completely than in marginal or continuing improvements. Some practical MS/OR work has recognized this and produced new systems that have changed their sponsoring organizations and provided them with competitive advantages. This paper considers the importance for MS/OR workers of focusing on system design rather than analysis aimed at supporting improvements in existing systems. It notes that MS/OR has traditionally perceived itself predominantly as analysis in this latter sense, and discusses the difference between design and this form of analysis. It then uses some Edelman prize finalist papers to illustrate the cycle of design-oriented MS/OR projects. Finally, this paper considers the opportunities and challenging problems afforded by system design, with particular reference to techniques, education, and the future success of MS/OR.\n      </p>", "User design offers tantalizing potential benefits to manufacturers and consumers, including a closer match of products to user preferences, which should result in a higher willingness to pay for goods and services. There are two fundamental approaches that can be taken to user design: parameter-based systems and needs-based systems. With parameter-based systems, users directly specify the values of design parameters of the product. With needs-based systems, users specify the relative importance of their needs, and an optimization algorithm recommends the combination of design parameters that is likely to maximize user utility. Through an experiment in the domain of consumer laptop computers, we show that for parameter-based systems, outcomes, including measures for comfort and fit, increase with the expertise of the user. We also show that for novices, the needs-based interface results in better outcomes than the parameter-based interface.\n      </p>", "This article describes the theoretical and practical issues in experimental design for gene expression microarrays. Specifically, this article 1) discusses the basic principles of design (randomization, replication, and blocking) as they pertain to microarrays, and 2) provides some general guidelines for statisticians designing microarray studies.\n      </p>", "This paper is in many respects a continuation of the earlier paper by the author published in Proc. R. Soc. A in 1998 entitled 'A comprehensive methodology for the design of ships (and other complex systems)'. The earlier paper described the approach to the initial design of ships developed by the author during some 35 years of design practice, including two previous secondments to teach ship design at UCL. The present paper not only takes that development forward, it also explains how the research tool demonstrating the author's approach to initial ship design has now been incorporated in an industry based design system to provide a working graphically and numerically integrated design system. This achievement is exemplified by a series of practical design investigations, undertaken by the UCL Design Research Centre led by the author, which were mainly undertaken for industry clients in order to investigate real problems to which the approach has brought significant insights. The other new strand in the present paper is the emphasis on the human factors or large scale ergonomics dimension, vital to complex and large scale design products but rarely hitherto been given sufficient prominence in the crucial formative stages of large scale design because of the inherent difficulties in doing so. The UCL Design Building Block approach has now been incorporated in the established PARAMARINE ship design system through a module entitled SURFCON. Work is now underway on an Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council joint project with the University of Greenwich to interface the latter's escape simulation tool maritimeEXODUS with SURFCON to provide initial design guidance to ship designers on personnel movement. The paper's concluding section considers the wider applicability of the integration of simulation during initial design with the graphically driven synthesis to other complex and large scale design tasks. The paper concludes by suggesting how such an approach to complex design can contribute to the teaching of designers and, moreover, how this design approach can enable a creative qualitative approach to engineering design to be sustained despite the risk that advances in computer based methods might encourage emphasis being accorded to solely to quantitative analysis.\n      </p>", "The majority of the reported research and development efforts on automated techniques and tools for conceptual database design have focused on design from first principles. Very few have used case-based reasoning, where cases of conceptual design are stored, indexed, and used for future designs. Furthermore, there is a general lack of reported research on validating and verifying such systems. In this paper, we describe our approach in using case-based reasoning for conceptual database design. To test and demonstrate the feasibility of our approach and its theoretical foundation, two prototype systems were constructed. In the absence of existing matching conceptual design constructs, the first system uses first principles of conceptual design to assist a human designer in arriving at a design for a new problem. In contrast, the second system uses constructs from previously stored design cases. The two are tightly integrated. A novel approach in structuring the case base was developed. Unique aspects of the case-base architecture and its learning mechanism are described. In order to measure user preference, an experiment was designed and conducted. Findings indicate that reuse of schemata not only is preferred by the users over the design from the first principles, but also results in fewer errors.\n      </p>", "Product development has become the focal point of industrial competition and is the cornerstone of long-term survival for most firms. One of the major management challenges in product development is to deal with development risk in the design process. In this paper we provide a strategic guideline as to how the design process should be managed and controlled. We describe how design reviews and engineering resources can be scheduled as the control mechanisms to operationally manage development risk. The methodologies developed are an integral part of a project to fundamentally restructure product design processes at Rocketdyne Division of Rockwell International, which designs and develops liquid-propellant rocket propulsion systems.\n      </p>", "While the importance of viewing learning as knowledge creation is gradually recognized (Paavola et al. Computer-supported collaborative learning: foundations for a CSCL community 2002; Rev Educ Res 74:557-576 2004), an important question remains to be answered\u2014what represents an effective instructional design to support collaborative creative learning? This paper argues for the need to move away from efficiency-oriented instructional design to innovation-oriented instructional design if learning as knowledge creation is to be pursued as an important instructional goal. The rationale in support of this argument is discussed from four different theoretical perspectives and an idea-centered, principle-based design approach as an example is proposed for discussion.\n      </p>", "A number of available resources offer guidance about hypermedia design strategies, many of which rely on principles of user-centered design. Many recent efforts, however, have focused more on developing learner-centered hypermedia. Learner-centered hypermedia is designed to help learners achieve their educational goals, rather than offer mere usability. Unfortunately, this endeavor is hamstrung by a lack of empirical research on the topic. Research conducted in my laboratory and others has provided some insight, however. It is now understood that several system and user characteristics influence outcomes of hypermedia-assisted learning (HAL). Among the most relevant factors are learners' levels of metacognition and prior knowledge, and the interaction between these factors and hypermedia structure. By capitalizing on this research, it is possible to create hypermedia that scaffolds learners in their quest to build knowledge and understanding. The present article draws from empirical findings to suggest hypermedia design strategies aimed at scaffolding learners engaged in HAL. These guidelines target learners' knowledge and metacognitive ability to structure hypermedia that maximizes learning potential.\n      </p>", "This research assessed the value of case study methodology in the design of an educational computer simulation. Three sources of knowledge were compared to assess the value of case study: practitioner and programmer knowledge, disciplinary knowledge, and knowledge obtained from a case study of teacher practice. A retrospective analysis revealed that the case study was the source of 16 out of 23 design decisions and therefore was the most significant influence on the design of the simulation. The case study was particularly effective in sensitizing the design team to the classroom context, identifying common and uncommon teacher practices, revealing unexpected dimensions of interactions in the classroom, and generating constructive changes to the design of the simulation. Case studies can significantly enrich the design of educational software and are a promising methodological choice for design teams.\n      </p>", "The \"single-consent design\" was devised by Zelen to circumvent the reluctance of some patients and physicians to participate in certain types of randomized clinical trials. Crucial to the validity of Zelen's design is randomized allocation of patients. Randomization theory is therefore the key theoretical base of the approach taken in this paper to an examination of the efficiency of this design.\n      </p>", "In March 1957, \"Design Magazine\" was to claim that since the immediate post-war years television had played a major role within the assertion of design's economic, social and aesthetic value to 'a wider public than ever before'. This was achieved through the promotion of the importance of 'good design', not only in educational programming, but also in the sets and furniture used within studio backgrounds. From 1946 onwards, the BBC had joined forces with the Council of Industrial Design to assist in the development of a specific policy of design promotion within its early television service. This association developed because it was coherent with the BBC's ambitions to use television, like radio before it, as an instrument of national improvement. This paper provides an account of the, often problematic, alliance that was to emerge between these two bodies, for although brought together by seemingly similar ideologies, they operated from differing criteria. Over the following decade the BBC's approach towards the propagation of 'good design' was to diverge from the Council's suggestions as television began to develop its own identity and attitude towards design.\n      </p>", "During the past decade, the \"script\" concept, indicating how technologies prescribe human actions, has acquired a central place in STS. Until now, the concept has mainly functioned in descriptive settings. This article will deploy it in a normative setting. When technologies coshape human actions, they give material answers to the ethical question of how to act. This implies that engineers are doing \"ethics by other means\": they materialize morality. The article will explore the implications of this insight for engineering ethics. It first augments the script concept by developing the notion of technological mediation. After this, it investigates how the concept of mediation could be made fruitful for design ethics. It discusses how the ambition to design behavior-influencing technologies raises moral questions itself and elaborates two methods for anticipating technological mediation in the design process: performing mediation analyses and using an augmented version of constructive technology assessment.\n      </p>", "In manufacturing, the interaction between the design of a product and the process to manufacture this product is studied in detail. Consider, for example, material requirements planning (MRP) as part of current enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, which is mainly driven by the bill of material (BOM). For informationintensive products such as insurances, and many other services, the workflow process typically evolves or is redesigned without careful consideration of the structure and characteristics of the product. In this paper, we present a method named productbased workflow design (PBWD). PBWD takes the product specification and three design criteria as a starting point, after which formal models and techniques are used to derive a favorable new design of the workflow process. The ExSpect tool is used to support PBWD. Finally, using a real case study, we demonstrate that a full evaluation of the search space for a workflow design may be feasible depending on the chosen design criteria and the specific nature of the product specifications.\n      </p>", "We report the computational design of soluble protein receptors for pinacolyl methyl phosphonic acid (PMPA), the predominant hydrolytic product of the nerve agent soman. Using recently developed computational protein design techniques, the ligand-binding pockets of two periplasmic binding proteins, glucose-binding protein and ribose-binding protein, were converted to bind PMPA instead of their cognate sugars. The designs introduce 9-12 mutations in the parent proteins. Twelve of 20 designs tested exhibited PMPA-dependent changes in emission intensity of a fluorescent reporter with affinities between 45 nM and 10 \u03bcM. The contributions to ligand binding by individual residues were determined in two designs by alanine-scanning mutagenesis, and are consistent with the molecular models. These results demonstrate that designed receptors with radically altered binding specificities and affinities that rival or exceed those of the parent proteins can be successfully predicted. The designs vary in parent scaffold, sequence diversity, and orientation of docked ligand, suggesting that the number of possible solutions to the design problem is large and degenerate. This observation has implications for the genesis of biological function by random processes. The designed receptors reported here may have utility in the development of fluorescent biosensors for monitoring nerve agents.\n      </p>", "We are witnessing a mad rush to pour educational content into games in an ad hoc manner in hopes that player/learners are motivated simply because the content is housed inside a game. A failure to base educational game design on well-established learning and instructional theories increases the risk of the game failing to meet its intended educational goals, and yielding students who are entertained but who have not acquired any academic skills or knowledge. Our review of standalone educational games has shown that they are not always based on sound educational principles and theories. We contend that, if academic learning is to take place, a new design paradigm must be developed. This article discusses the RETAIN design and evaluation model for educational games that was developed to aide in the evaluation of how well academic content is endogenously immersed and embedded within the game's fantasy and story context, promoters transfer of knowledge, and encourages repetitive usage to that content becomes available for use in an automatic way.\n      </p>", "We introduce a set of information technology variables which can be used in designing organizations. We first discuss traditional design variables and then present a series of options enabled by modern information technology (IT). We use these IT design variables to describe four prototypical organizations that are beginning to appear in the workplace: virtual, negotiated, traditional, and vertically integrated. It is argued that an organization designer must also consider how structure and technology influence job tasks and people in order to be successful. We then discuss potential implementation difficulties, particularly in motivating traditional organizations to take advantage of IT design variables. We conclude that the design of information technology and the design of organizations are largely becoming the same task.\n      </p>", "The paper motivates, presents, demonstrates in use, and evaluates a methodology for conducting design science (DS) research in information Systems (IS). DS is of importance in a discipline oriented to the creation of successful artifacts. Several researchers h\u00e2ve pioneered DS research in IS, yet over the past 15 years, little DS research has been done within the discipline. The lack of a methodology to serve as a commonly accepted framework for DS research and of a template for its presentation may have contributed to its slow adoption. The design science research methodology (DSRM) presented here incorporates principles, practices, and procedures required to carry out such research and meets three objectives: it is consistent with prior literature, it provides a nominal process model for doing DS research, and it provides a mental model for presenting and evaluating DS research in IS. The DS process includes six steps: problem identification and motivation, definition of the objectives for a solution, design and development, demonstration, evaluation, and communication. We demonstrate and evaluate the methodology by presenting four case studies in terms of the DSRM, including cases that present the design of a database to support health assessment methods, a software reuse measure, an Internet video telephony application, and an IS planning method. The designed methodology effectively satisfies the three objectives and has the potential to help aid the acceptance of DS research in the IS discipline.\n      </p>", "Despite having irregular structure, protein loops often adopt specific conformations that are critical to protein function. Most studies in de novo protein design have focused on creating proteins with regular elements of secondary structure connected by very short loops or turns. To design longer protein loops that adopt specific conformations, we have developed a protocol within the Rosetta molecular modeling program that iterates between optimizing the sequence and conformation of a loop in search of low-energy sequence-structure pairs. We have tested the procedure by designing 10-residue loops for the connection between the second and third strand in the \u03b2-sandwich protein tenascin. Three low-energy designs from 7,200 flexible backbone trajectories were selected for experimental characterization. All three designs, called LoopA, LoopB, and LoopC, adopt stable folded structures. High-resolution crystal structures of LoopA and LoopB have been solved. LoopB adopts a structure very similar to the design model (0.46 \u00c5 rmsd), and all but one of the side chains are modeled in the correct rotamers. LoopA crystallized at low pH in a structure that differs dramatically from our design model. It forms a strand-swapped dimer mediated by hydrogen bonds to protonated glutamic acids. Gel filtration indicates that the protein is not a dimer at neutral pH. These results suggest that the high-resolution design of protein loops is possible; however, they also highlight how small changes in protein energetics can dramatically perturb the low free energy structure of a protein.\n      </p>", "This article demonstrates and underscores the equivalence between a variance-maximization exercise and the methodology involved in obtaining and verifying the optimal design for a key model function. It thus provides an alternate solution to the variance exercise as well as a means to introduce and illustrate the concepts of optimal design theory and practice in a simple and clear manner.\n      </p>", "Experimental glasshouses are expensive and permanent, and provide a long-term research facility. Good initial design is essential. Some aspects of repeatedly harvested crop research are discussed with particular reference to experimental design. The layout of a new glasshouse facility is described and the experimental flexibility of this layout is discussed. Data from the first year of experimentation are presented and the implications of an analysis of this data for future experimental design are considered.\n      </p>", "In nonlinear situations, optimal experimental conditions generally depend upon unknown parameters to be estimated from the data collected during the experiments. A natural approach then consists in designing the experiments sequentially, that is, alternating estimation and design phases. Each design phase can be considered as a control action applied on the system. Sequential design thus corresponds to adaptive control, with, e.g., the precision of estimation as objective. Even for a purely static system, designing the experiments sequentially introduces a feedback of information, which induces dynamics into the design procedure. Several sequential schemes, corresponding to different control policies, are considered. The optimal one corresponds to closed-loop control and is the solution of a stochastic dynamic-programming problem, which is extremely difficult to solve even in very simple cases. Suboptimal strategies are thus proposed. Examples for nonlinear regression models are presented.\n      </p>", "In Spain during the design boom of the 1980s, the majority of designers worked on their own or with a single partner. Groups with more members were rare. This trend contrasts with the development of the profession in Great Britain, where design groups in this period were often large consultancies with a strong and hierarchical internal organization. Even so, one collective stands out in Spain-La Nave, a large, multi-disciplinary design group (eleven members) with an anarchical structure. In this studio, different projects were developed either individually or by subgroups; by new, improvised teams; or by the entire collective working together. This 'system' contrasts with that of small Spanish individual studios and that of the big British super-organized consultancies (though parallels can be drawn with a new wave of British groups that emerged during the economic recession of the early 1990s). This article seeks to examine the working relations of La Nave in the 'local' context of Valencia, at the same time comparing it with other ostensibly similar groups. I will examine the extent to which La Nave can be considered a unique experiment.\n      </p>", "Snakes have unique qualifications as experimental subjects, and the use of these animals in behavioral research has gradually increased. They have been models for comparative studies of innate prey preferences and for studies on sensory signals involved in reproductive behavior. Examples from these studies indicate the importance of keeping in mind both statistical methods and the natural behavior of the particular species when designing experiments on snakes. Randomized designs are the most powerful but require larger sample sizes, and so repeated or blocked designs have more often been used in snake studies. How replication affects the inferences drawn is rarely discussed. Nor have most authors evaluated the role of factors that may increase variation in the behavior of snakes, i.e., temperature, stress, feeding condition, shedding cycle, and general health and temperament of the individual subject. Future research on snakes will supply increased understanding of the behavioral ecology of this interesting group, but more care in the design of experiments will be important.\n      </p>", "Design for manufacturing (DFM) has been promoted as a way to enhance product development and production system performance. Current DFM practices encourage the minimization of the number of parts in a design through the physical integration of several geometric features in the same part. While this part integration often reduces the manufacturing cost of the product, it also can extend product development lead time, because complex parts typically require tooling with large lead times. This paper presents an economic model that makes explicit the trade-off between lower unit costs and longer product development time. This model is applied to a particular example in a field study of the application of DFM to Polaroid cameras.\n      </p>", "This is a report of one case of a design and development research study that aimed to validate an overlay instructional design model incorporating the theory of multiple intelligences into instructional systems design. After design and expert review model validation, The Multiple Intelligence (MI) Design Model, used with an Instructional Systems Design (ISD) Model, was tested for use by four practicing instructional designers. Instruction developed for learners using this model was then evaluated measuring post-test and attitudinal scores with 102 participants. This report also provides a reflection on the lessons learned in conducting design and development research on model validation. The procedures and findings have implications for the processes involved in instructional design model validation through designer use and program implementation.\n      </p>", "We introduce a hypermedia-based distributed design image database system that can provide simple and flexible user access capabilities based on the \"kansei link method. As proof of this concept, we have developed a prototype distributed multimedia information network incorporating the DHS model. Dubbed the Textile Design Image Database System (TDIDS), this database aids designers using apparel computer-aided design (CAD) systems in different locations, collaborating or working separately, in the design of clothes, including kimonos. Our purpose has been to create a database that will allow each designer to make the best use of his or her creativity and originality\u2014his or her \"style and sensitivity to beauty,\" or, in Japanese, kansei. In our hypermedia system, \"metanodes\" are defined as abstract nodes that are dynamically organized by multimedia objects, while \"metalinks\" are defined as flexible kansei links. Metanodes and metalinks are combined to organize a dynamic hypermedia space from which users can easily retrieve desired design image objects by querying a knowledge agent. The knowledge agent, utilizing the knowledge base, creates links from kansei word objects provided by the user to suitable design image objects among those stored on multimedia databases distributed across the network. The knowledge agent also performs query conversion of individual users' subjective kansei (idiosyncratic, subjective use of kansei words) into objective kansei words using each user's own \"user model,\" These objective kansei words are then converted to equivalent color values. Color value is the means by which all stored design images are characterized. This dynamic linking of kansei word objects to equivalent design images allows individual users' kansei to influence the retrieval process. The sophisticated and flexible CAD systems of the future will require multimedia database systems with cooperative supporting capabilities similar to our kansei system.\n      </p>", "Lissitz and Samuelsen (2007) argue that the unitary conception of validity for educational assessments is too broad to guide applied work. They call for attention to considerations and procedures that focus on \"test development and analysis of the test itself' and propose that those activities be collectively termed content validity. The author of this article describes work that makes more explicit the underlying principles of assessment design, thereby providing conceptual foundations for familiar practices and supporting the development of new ones. By structuring design activities around assessment arguments, the test developer accrues evidence in passing for what Embretson (1983) calls \"construct representation\" argumentation for validity.\n      </p>", "Innovation researchers recognize that the uncertainty with regard to the value-creating potential of product innovations increases with their technological novelty, and have argued that the usefulness and value of novel products are socially constructed. Despite this recognition, researchers have not explored how the outer form in which a technological innovation is embodied influences the processes through which the innovation's value is constructed and perceived. In this paper we argue that by embodying novel technologies in objects with specific functional, symbolic, and aesthetic properties, innovating firms also endow their products with cues that trigger a variety of cognitive and emotional responses. Drawing on psychological research we articulate how such cognitive and emotional responses underlie initial perceptions of value and theorize how innovating firms can influence them through product form design. Our framework explains how product form contributes to perceptions of value by modulating the actual technological novelty of a product innovation and facilitating how customers cope with it. Our theoretical framework makes an important contribution to innovation research and practice because it articulates how product form can be used strategically to achieve specific cognitive and emotional effects and enhance the initial customer perceptions of the value of an innovation.\n      </p>", "Television journalism and modern design share ideals of rationality, objectivity and utility. Both institutions embrace technology in pursuit of speed and machine vision. Both aspire to editorial and technical transparence. This essay examines the development of US television news design in relation to the modernist ethos, focusing on choices to reveal, conceal and symbolize the production apparatus. I argue that the visual vocabulary of television news was established early and remains durable, constituting an 'International Style.' Since this style emerged largely outside design discourse, this article looks to accounts of decision makers, analysing intentions and the resulting forms, especially as they relate to modernist ideals.\n      </p>", "The paper is concerned with problems of research methodology in organization studies. It places the main emphasis on the \"research design,\" which is seen as an important tool for the planning, the substantiation and the practical guidance of research procedures. The explicit discussion and improvement of research designs is proposed to be a major contribution also to concept and theory development in Organization Science. The basic content of the paper is an empirical analysis and evaluation of the status quo in design conceptions for organization studies. For this, some 300 empirical studies (in German and English) have been critically reviewed, 74 of them described in detail. The results show many deficiencies in the elaboration of the research designs, especially the ties between design and theory (or research question) are often weak or unclear. But there are also good examples which can be used as starting points for further improvements. The development over time shows shifts toward more reflection/discussion of available alternatives in the methods of data collection and more critical examinations of the data quality. This also leads to increasing applications of multimethod designs. A comparison between German and US studies show differences along the quantitative-qualitative line, which opens chances of mutual learning processes.\n      </p>", "Methods for constructing optimal spatial sampling designs for environmental monitoring networks, widely applied in a large number of disciplines, generally produce static designs that are optimal under models with no explicit temporal structure. However, environmental processes tend to exhibit both spatial and temporal variability; hence, static networks may not capture the essential spatiotemporal variability of the process. Static designs, often necessary due to geopolitical and economic considerations, could be supplemented with mobile monitoring devices. The design problem is to decide where mobile monitors should be located at time t + 1 based on observations through time t. We propose a simple, general, dynamical space-time model that allows estimation of prediction error covariance at time t + 1, given information up to time t. We then seek the optimal spatial locations at time t + 1 that satisfy some design criterion. Several experiments show the importance of spatial and temporal structure in the selection of optimal designs. Data from the Chicago area ozone monitoring network are used to demonstrate potential dynamical designs under realistic space-time dependence assumptions.\n      </p>", "In this article, I summarize recent work from my group directed towards developing an improved model of intra and intermolecular interactions and applying this improved model to the prediction and design of macromolecular structures and interactions. Prediction and design applications can be of great biological interest in their own right, and also provide very stringent and objective tests which drive the improvement of the model and increases in fundamental understanding. I emphasize the results from the prediction and design tests that suggest progress is being made in high-resolution modelling, and that there is hope for reliably and accurately computing structural biology.\n      </p>", "The challenge for NASA's Systems Analysis Integrated Discipline Team (SAIDT) is to develop a new organization design capable of performing complex modeling and analysis tasks, using team members at various NASA centers. The focus is on: (1) design as a process, (2) the effect of design tools on the process as well as alternative designs, (3) the fit between the tools and their fit with the organization, (4) the effect of an ongoing agencywide transformation, and (5) implications for organizational contingency theory.\n      </p>", "Both institutional and architectural history places the asylum alongside the prison and the workhouse, whose design characteristics emphasize confinement and control. This connection obfuscates important differences in how ideas about treatment were reflected in particular architectural design. In other words, there have been few attempts to understand how the physical structure of the asylum became part of its medical discourse, and no attempts to research the treatment programme evolving as a result of the designers' intentions and becoming part of the asylum's architecture. Every researcher working in the field of the history of asylums acknowledges the importance of The York Retreat and its policy of 'moral treatment' in influencing the course of nineteenth-century asylum construction. Since the investigation of the design and internal organization of the nineteenth-century asylum has become an object of investigation, the influence of The Retreat needs to be evaluated in light of this research. This article will focus on the correspondence between the founder of The York Retreat, William Tuke, and its architect, John Bevans. I will present their discussions on the design of The Retreat within the context of their perceptions of insanity and their beliefs in 'moral treatment' to show how the intentionality of design is realized in architectural form.\n      </p>", "We review major developments in the design of experiments, offer our thoughts on important directions for the future, and make specific recommendations for experimenters and statisticians who are students and teachers of experimental design, practitioners of experimental design, and researchers jointly exploring new frontiers. Specific topics covered are optimal design, computer-aided design, robust design, response surface design, mixture design, factorial design, block design, and designs for nonlinear models.\n      </p>", "This study investigates how important it is for a firm to select what turns out to be a dominant design in a technology-driven industry. Using the personal computer industry as a case study, this research shows that firms are not doomed when their entry design choices turn out to be 'wrong.' For early entrants, we found that switching to the dominant design is associated with increased chances of survival and market share. Contrary to our expectations, we found that even later entrants that switched to the dominant design also enjoyed higher survival rates and greater market position.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the ways in which industrial design services are organized, produced and consumed by Norwegian small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). This includes exploring the geographies of this performance in terms of how consumers and producers of design expertise organize their activities. In addition, the paper identifies seven different ways in which client firms utilize industrial design to develop or retain competitive advantage. The paper combines empirical data with the development of a theoretical contribution to the fields of product creation, enterprise competitiveness and the globalization of production. It draws on case studies of Norwegian firms of designers, as well as client firms.\n      </p>", "The paper establishes a generic definition of all information systems. The basis of this definition includes six building blocks. The focus of this paper is how these building blocks must adapt to ten design forces for the development of successful information systems.\n      </p>", "Altering the specificity of an enzyme requires precise positioning of side-chain functional groups that interact with the modified groups of the new substrate. This requires not only sequence changes that introduce the new functional groups but also sequence changes that remodel the structure of the protein backbone so that the functional groups are properly positioned. We describe a computational design method for introducing specific enzyme-substrate interactions by directed remodeling of loops near the active site. Benchmark tests on 8 native protein-ligand complexes show that the method can recover native loop lengths and, often, native loop conformations. We then use the method to redesign a critical loop in human guanine deaminase such that a key side-chain interaction is made with the substrate ammelide. The redesigned enzyme is 100-fold more active on ammelide and 2.5e4-fold less active on guanine than wild-type enzyme: The net change in specificity is 2.5e6-fold. The structure of the designed protein was confirmed by X-ray crystallographic analysis: The remodeled loop adopts a conformation that is within 1-\u00c5 C\u03b1 RMSD of the computational model.\n      </p>", "We examine the Lapita colonization of east Fiji from the frequency of pottery designs. The design frequency analysis suggests that east Fiji was settled by Lapita groups emanating from west Fiji and Tonga, and long-distance interaction with archipelagos to the west of Fiji was inconsequential during the terminal Lapita phase when east Fiji, Tonga and Samoa were colonized. The results have important implications for understanding Lapita colonization elsewhere, particularly the extent to which migrant communities interacted and expressed identity in the varied physical and social environments encountered during dispersal.\n      </p>", "This paper places the theories of the Victorian design reform movement in the intellectual context of Victorian science. Recent scholarship in history of science treats romantic science sympathetically; viewed in this light, design reform can be interpreted as an attempt to reconcile modern science and ancient wisdom as applied to art and design. Victorian theories of design were poised on a knife-edge between classical, humanistic theories of art and modernism. Their use of arguments from the natural philosophy of their day was not positivism, because mid-Victorian science was not positivistic. The result was a now-lost but rich conception of indirect imitation of nature-a hybrid of romantic nature aesthetics and a British tradition of practical Platonism. While the conceptions underlying the principle of indirect imitation of nature are obsolete, its richness, complexity and application of ideal beauty to decorative objects offer a constructive alternative paradigm to the extremism of twentieth-century abstraction and purism-indeed, the very impurity of Victorian design theory acquits it of the charge of scientism.\n      </p>", "Multi-disciplinary design optimization (MDO) is the process whereby the often conflicting requirements of the different disciplines to the engineering design process attempts to converge upon a description that represents an acceptable compromise in the design space. We present a simple demonstrator of a flexible workflow framework for engineering design optimization using an e-Science tool. This paper provides a concise introduction to MDO, complemented by a summary of the related tools and techniques developed under the umbrella of the UK e-Science programme that we have explored in support of the engineering process. The main contributions of this paper are: (i) a description of the optimization workflow that has been developed in the TAVERNA workbench, (ii) a demonstrator of a structural optimization process with a range of tool options using common benchmark problems, (iii) some reflections on the experience of software engineering meeting mechanical engineering, and (iv) an indicative discussion on the feasibility of a 'plug-and-play' engineering environment for analysis and design.\n      </p>", "In this research, we address the question: Why do many total quality management implementations fail? We develop a theoretical model in which the total quality management role for line employees results in a dual work design that requires both standardized production and continuous improvement. We propose that workers effectively integrate both types of work by switching, defined as shifting between standardized production and continuous work while on the job in response to situational cues. Alternatively, workers can respond to the challenges of a job involving both types of work by avoiding the continuous improvement work. Switching and avoidance are associated with different performance and attitudinal outcomes. We present evidence drawn from an exploratory field study which suggests that line employees who effectively integrate standardized production and continuous improvement work by switching experienced less job stress and greater job satisfaction. Moreover, plants which were more effective in total quality management performance had a greater proportion of line employees using switching.\n      </p>", "This paper proposes science-based organization design that uses construction principles and design rules to guide practitioner-academic projects. Organization science implies construction principles for creating and implementing designs. These principles serve to construct design rules that are instrumental in developing organization designs. Testing and implementing designs require pragmatic experimentation in complex, dynamic settings. The authors explore a circular design process as an example of science-based organization design. Tests of this circular process in over 30 organizations suggest that construction principles are important for creating new design rules as well as for a deeper understanding of the systems and practices created from these rules. In addition, explicit principles and rules for organization design appear to facilitate the transfer of learning between different projects. As such, they can help reconnect organization research to ongoing design work.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we explore how the application of multimedia design principles may inform the development of educational multi-user virtual environments (MUVEs). We look at design principles that have been shown to help learners manage cognitive load within multimedia environments and conduct a conjectural analysis of the extent to which such principles can help manage cognitive load in the highly immersive \"beyond multimedia\" environments that 3-D educational MUVEs represent. We frame our discussion as a design practice analysis of the River City MUVE, a science inquiry environment that has middle school students collaborating to develop and test hypotheses regarding illnesses sweeping a virtual town. We analyze the current River City interface design using a framework describing cognitive overload scenarios and associated approaches to manage cognitive load. We also discuss the potential difficulties that may be seen as multimedia principles are applied to 3-D MUVEs. Our discussion describes a blueprint for research implementations that we are undertaking to systematically investigate the effect of an educational MUVE interface design based on multimedia principles\u2014implementations that we hope will provide an action framework for other MUVE researchers to use in their own studies.\n      </p>", "Varying three parameters of the Hotelling's T2 control chart, namely, the sample size, the sampling interval length, and the action limit, results in a great improvement over the traditional T2 control chart particularly for the small process shift. This paper presents the economic model for designing the variable parameters T2 chart. In the economic design, a cost function is constructed, involving the cost of sampling and testing, the cost of false alarm, the cost to detect and remove the assignable cause, and the cost when the process is operating out-of-control. Also, a heuristic method of finding optimal values of adaptive design parameters for minimizing the cost function is presented. Variable and fixed parameters T2 control charts are compared with respect to the expected loss per unit time. Furthermore, the effects of the initial sample number (used for estimating the parameters of F-distribution) upon the operating cost and adaptive design parameters are examined.\n      </p>", "Design styles on White Mountain Redware pottery from the American Southwest are time sensitive units whose application has been underexploited. Six named design styles are systematically defined in order to produce comparably distinct classes, and the occurrence of these styles is employed to chronologically order 31 prehistoric sites in east central Arizona and western New Mexico. This seriation also provides the basis for assessing the extent of contemporaneity between design styles, information that can then be used to estimate the date of prehistoric occupation at settlements that contain White Mountain Redware. Temporal variation among design styles also has implications for Southwestern cultural historical interpretive frameworks, and these issues are briefly examined.\n      </p>", "Properly designed secondary clarifiers can produce effluent of a quality approaching that produced by tertiary filtration if a number of design concepts are incorporated into activated sludge facilities. Clarifier design conditions producing the lowest effluent suspended solids (SS) levels include use of deep tanks, design for low overflow rates, provision of inboard weirs, and use of flocculator center wells. Aeration tank design conditions favoring low effluent SS levels include avoidance of mechanical aeration, use of fine bubble diffusers, maintenance of adequate dissolved oxygen levels, incorporation of compartmentalization, and use of low process loadings. Many of the design concepts producing low effluent SS recognize that activated sludge is a flocculent suspension and are oriented to providing opportunities for flocculation, rather than floc breakup, in the activated sludge process.\n      </p>", "Several competing objectives may be relevant in the design of an experiment. The competing objectives may not be easy to characterize in a single optimality criterion. One approach to these design problems has been to weight each criterion and find the design that optimizes the weighted average of the criteria. An alternative approach has been to optimize one criterion subject to constraints on the other criteria. An equivalence theorem is presented for the Bayesian constrained design problem. Equivalence theorems are essential in verifying optimality of proposed designs, especially when (as in most nonlinear design problems) numerical optimization is required. This theorem is used to show that the results of Cook and Wong on the equivalence of the weighted and constrained problems apply much more generally. The results are applied to Bayesian nonlinear design problems with several objectives.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a rational approach for the cost optimization of an integrated activated sludge system consisting of a liquid treatment process train and a sludge disposal process train. Biological solids retention time ( $\\theta _{c}$ ) is used as the primary independent design variable. The optimization problem is formulated by combining the equations for the various unit process models with the cost equations into an objective function. The objective function is then minimized within the acceptable design range of the independent variables. $\\theta _{c}$ being the overall system independent variable. Optimal designs to several treatment situations are presented and discussed. Specifically, the change in the optimal design with changes in influent waste strength, influent waste flow, sludge settling characteristics, and sludge disposal process trains is given. Analysis of the optimal design emphasizes the allocation of costs to the various unit processes.\n      </p>", "An optimal engineering design problem is challenging because nonlinear objective functions usually need to be evaluated in a high-dimensional design space. This article presents a data-mining-aided optimal design method, that is able to find a competitive design solution with a relatively low computational cost. The method consists of four components: (1) a uniform-coverage selection method, that chooses design representatives from among a large number of original design alternatives for a nonrectangular design space; (2) feature functions, of which evaluation is computationally economical as the surrogate for the design objective function; (3) a clustering method, that generates a design library based on the evaluation of feature functions instead of an objective function; and (4) a classification method to create the design selection rules, eventually leading us to a competitive design. Those components are implemented to facilitate the optimal fixture layout design in a multistation panel assembly process. The benefit of the data-mining-aided optimal design is clearly demonstrated by comparison with both local optimization methods (e.g., simplex search) and random search-based optimizations (e.g., simulated annealing).\n      </p>", "The highly mythical phenomenon, or even mythological construction, generally known as 'Scandinavian Design' reached its zenith in the mid to late 1950s. These so-called golden years have been the subject of massive interest, both popular and scholarly. The inner dynamics of their subsequent demise, on the other hand, have received far less attention. Within the established applied art communities in the Nordic countries, the international visibility and acknowledgement brought about by this concept were largely considered desirable and well worth fighting for-perhaps especially so by the Norwegian community, who arguably had the most to benefit from this construction. This article sets out to investigate how and why the Norwegian applied art establishment constructed and negotiated strategies for maintaining the holistic/universalistic approach to design so characteristic of Scandinavian Design and the applied art movement when in the late 1950s and 1960s the concept was severely criticized and challenged from within. I will argue that artistic intention and quality were chosen as the defining principles in the heated negotiations on internal unification and external demarcation of the design field, and discuss some of the more problematic consequences of this strategy.\n      </p>", "Buyer search costs for price are changing in many markets. Through a model of buyer and seller behavior, I consider the effects of changing search costs on prices both when product differentiation is fixed and when it is endogenously determined in equilibrium. If firms cannot change product design, lower buyer search costs for price lead to increased price competition. However, if product design is a decision variable, lower search costs for price may also lead to higher product differentiation, which decreases price competition. In this case, the overall effect of lower buyer search costs for price may even be higher prices, lower social welfare, and higher industry profits. The result is especially interesting because recent technological changes, such as Internet shopping, can affect the market structure through lowering buyer search costs.\n      </p>", "Designs for sets of experimental units with many blocking factors are studied. It is shown that if the set of blocking factors satisfies a certain simple condition then the information matrix for the design has a simple form. In consequence, a design is optimal if it is optimal with respect to one particular blocking factor and regular with respect to all the rest, in a sense which is made precise in the paper. This encompasses several previous results for optimal designs with more than one blocking factor, and applications to many other situations are given.\n      </p>", "This paper describes general curriculum design principles and specific software design implementations resulting from an ongoing collaboration between software designers and programmers, researchers, and a classroom teacher and his students. Research and observations in the classroom setting led to both the emergence of useful learning principles as well as the design of a specific piece of software, E-LabBook. The paper traces the development of the software in the context of the principles that emerged during the design process.\n      </p>", "This paper addresses the design problem of providing IT support for emerging knowledge processes (EKPs). EKPs are organizational activity patterns that exhibit three characteristics in combination: an emergent process of deliberations with no best structure or sequence; requirements for knowledge that are complex (both general and situational), distributed across people, and evolving dynamically; and an actor set that is unpredictable in terms of job roles or prior knowledge. Examples of EKPs include basic research, new product development, strategic business planning, and organization design. EKPs differ qualitatively from semi-structured decision making processes; therefore, they have unique requirements that are not all thoroughly supported by familiar classes of systems, such as executive information systems, expert systems, electronic communication systems, organizational memory systems, or repositories. Further, the development literature on familiar classes of systems does not provide adequate guidance on how to build systems that support EKPs. Consequently, EKPs require a new IS design theory, as explicated by Walls et al. (1992). We created such a theory while designing and deploying a system for the EKP of organization design. The system was demonstrated through subsequent empirical analysis to be successful in supporting the process. Abstracting from the experience of building this system, we developed an IS design theory for EKP support systems. This new IS design theory is an important theoretical contribution, because it both provides guidance to developers and sets an agenda for academic research. EKP design theory makes the development process more tractable for developers by restricting the range of effective features (or rules for selecting features) and the range of effective development practices to a more manageable set EKP design theory also sets an agenda for academic research by articulating theory-based principles that are subject to empirical, as well as practical, validation.\n      </p>", "A procedure is developed for generating subsequent design points when previous observations which form a singular or ill-conditioned matrix are available. The procedure suggested can be used also to form an initial design for generating D-optimal designs procedures.\n      </p>", "Using data from the National Study of Postsecondary Faculty and the Early Childhood Longitudinal Study-Kindergarten Class of 1998-99, the author provides guidelines for incorporating weights and design effects in single-level analysis using Windows-based SPSS and AM software. Examples of analyses that do and do not employ weights and design effects are also provided to illuminate the differential results of key parameter estimates and standard errors using varying degrees of using or not using the weighting and design effect continuum. The author gives recommendations on the most appropriate weighting options, with specific reference to employing a strategy to accommodate both oversampled groups and cluster sampling (i.e., using weights and design effects) that leads to the most accurate parameter estimates and the decreased potential of committing a Type I error. However, using a design effect adjusted weight in SPSS may produce underestimated standard errors when compared with accurate estimates produced by specialized software such as AM.\n      </p>", "In this article, we investigate the effect of several commonly used experimental designs on willingness-to-pay in a Monte Carlo environment where true utility parameters are known. All experimental designs considered in this study generated unbiased valuation estimates. However, random designs or designs that explicitly incorporated attribute interactions generated more precise valuation estimates than main effects only designs. A key result of our analysis is that a large sample size can substitute for a poor experimental design. Overall, our results indicate that certain steps can be taken to achieve a manageably sized experimental design without sacrificing the credibility of welfare estimates.\n      </p>", "Suppose that the true model underlying a set of data is one of a finite set of candidate models, and that parameter estimation for this model is of primary interest. With this goal, optimal design must depend on a loss function across all possible models. A common method that accounts for model uncertainty is to average the loss over all models; this is the basis of what is known as L\u00e4uter's criterion. We generalize L\u00e4uter's criterion and show that it can be placed in a Bayesian decision theoretic framework, by extending the definition of Bayesian A-optimality. We use this generalized A-optimality to find optimal design points in an environmental safety setting. In estimating the smallest detectable trace limit in a water contamination problem, we obtain optimal designs that are quite different from those suggested by standard A-optimality.\n      </p>", "The supplemented case-control design consists of a case-control sample and of an additional sample of disease-free subjects who arise from a given stratum of one of the measured exposures in the case-control study. The supplemental data might, for example, arise from a population survey conducted independently of the case-control study. This design improves precision of estimates of main effects and especially of joint exposures, particularly when joint exposures are uncommon and the prevalence of one of the exposures is low. We first present a pseudo-likelihood estimator (PLE) that is easy to compute. We further adapt two-phase design methods to find maximum likelihood estimates (MLEs) for the log odds ratios for this design and derive asymptotic variance estimators that appropriately account for the differences in sampling schemes of this design from that of the traditional two-phase design. As an illustration of our design we present a study that was conducted to assess the influence to joint exposure of hepatitis-B virus (HBV) and hepatitis-C virus (HCV) infection on the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma in data from Qidong County, Jiangsu Province, China.\n      </p>", "Results of a questionnaire on stabilization pond design criteria answered by 50 state water pollution control agencies indicated that organic loading ranges from 16.7 to 80 lb BOD/day/acre (1.9 to 9.0 g/day/ha), with the higher values in the southern states and the lower in the northern states. Allowable population per acre ranges from 100 to 400 (246 to 990/ha) and detention time from 20 to more than 180 days. Liquid depth range is 2 to 6 ft (0.6 to 1.8 m), freeboard 1.5 to 3 ft (0.45 to 0.9 m), levee top widths 6 to 8 ft (1.8 to 2.4 m and levee slopes 2:1 to 6:1. Square, rectangular, and circular ponds are acceptable with single ponds recommended only for small installations. Inlet and outlet design features vary widely.\n      </p>", "The Photographic Library of the Council of Industrial Design now forms part of the Design Council Archive at the University of Brighton. This essay examines the early years of the Library concentrating on the reasons for its formation and the acquisition, classification and distribution of photography. I argue that the Council's dependence on photography was bound up in its wish to promote a particular formalist point of view that manifested itself in the reproduction of industrial design by photographic means. The Council promoted a 'way of seeing' as much as the industrially designed products it represented and photography became the key currency in this process, providing evidence of the Council's mediation between manufacturers and consumers.\n      </p>", "Two activated sludge final clarifier design techniques-the limiting flux theory and the initial settling velocity (ISV) technique-have been investigated and a comparison made for a mixed liquor having the relationship between ISV $(V_{i})$ and MLSS $(X_{i})$ described by the equation: $V_{i}=aX^{-n}$ . For a given MLSS, the limiting flux theory was found to yield a range of solutions, with the clarifier size being a function of the return sludge ratio, R. The single clarifier area predicted by the ISV technique, without a safety factor, has been found to be identical to the minimum area predicted by the limiting flux theory. A modified ISV technique has been developed in which a minimum safety factor is applied to the ISV technique. This minimum safety factor, defined as the ratio of the required clarifier area at any design R to the minimum clarifier area required by the limiting flux theory, is a function of R and increases rapidly as R approaches zero. The minimum safety factor may be as high as 5 for an air-activated sludge (a = 1.16 \u00d7 $10^{-7}$ , n = 3.04) designed for a 25% return sludge ratio. Using only settling velocity data and diagrams presented in this paper, a designer can both rigorously apply limiting flux theory and know how much larger a given clarifier is than the minimum.\n      </p>", "It is shown that confidence regions for nonlinear parameters constructed by the repeated-sampling principle, are asymptotically valid for sequential designs in general linear models. The related questions of consistency of parameter estimators and convergence of sequential design to an optimal design are answered positively. An empirical finding of Ford &amp; Silvey (1980) is given a theoretical justification.\n      </p>", "Properties of a design constructed sequentially for a simple nonlinear problem are investigated both theoretically and by simulation. It is proved that the design measure corresponding to the sequential design converges to an optimal measure, even when the latter has singular information matrix. The empirical study suggests that in repeated-sampling inference we can effectively ignore the fact that the design is sequential.\n      </p>", "In the nineteenth century, tensions around the conditions of professionalization in architecture in Britain coincided with architects' renewed interest in the design of interiors. Furniture manufacturers also aimed to claim the attention of middle-class homemakers. These developments operated within a particular British social and economic hierarchy. Consequently, the relative position of an Australian example of a late nineteenth-century interior design collaboration within a broader narrative requires a move away from interpretations of marginality, innovation and imitation which have underscored Australian design histories. This article considers how a particular combination of artistic and commercial approaches to interior design in Australia resulted from the merging of British design ideas with Australian economic and cultural conditions. Such practices are, in this article, considered amongst the international foundations of the professionalization of interior design.\n      </p>", "For a broad class of nonlinear regression models we investigate the local E- and c-optimal design problem. It is demonstrated that in many cases the optimal designs with respect to these optimality criteria are supported at the Chebyshev points, which are the local extrema of the equi-oscillating best approximation of the function $f_0 \\equiv 0$ by a normalized linear combination of the regression functions in the corresponding linearized model. The class of models includes rational, logistic and exponential models and for the rational regression models the E- and c-optimal design problem is solved explicitly in many cases.\n      </p>", "In the last decade a revolution has occurred in the design of public opinion surveys. The principal breakthrough has been to combine the distinctive external validity advantages of the representative public opinion survey with the decisive internal validity strengths of the fully randomized, multifaceted experiment. The availability of computer-driven multifactorial, multivalent designs has encouraged a reorientation from narrowly methodological concerns to broader substantive issues. After a season in which the principal emphasis in survey-based experimentation was on standardization of measurement and methodological refinements, the emphasis now is on substantive discoveries and on innovation--new technology, new procedures, and new objectives. In this chapter, we survey the integration of experimental design and large-scale, representative, general population samples. After highlighting the limitations of the classic split-ballot experiment, we distinguish between nondirective and directive experimental variations, and, among the directive, between postdecisional and predecisional. We introduce a tripartite analytical scheme, sorting experimental variations as a function of whether they manipulate (i) the formulation of a choice, (ii) the context of choice, or (iii) the characteristics of the chooser. Finally we give an account of the experimental style now characteristic of general population attitude surveys, underlining its low emotional intensity and low cognitive demands, attributing both to features of (i) the interview site, (ii) the sample, (iii) the mode of interviewing, and (iv) considerations of ethics.\n      </p>", "An important use of experimental designs is in screening, in which experimenters seek to identify significant effects (both main effects and potentially interactions) from a large set of candidate effects. This article goes further than identification of effects, introducing a design criterion that seeks to maximize the ability to discriminate between models. Motivated by the work of Meyer, Steinberg, and Box, the Bayesian criterion is based on the Hellinger distance between predictive distributions under competing models. A bound for the criterion is obtained, greatly improving interpretability. The set of all possible models to compare is huge, and not all models are equally plausible. This challenge is addressed through prior distributions on the space of models that indicate preference for intuitively appealing models, such as those with few effects, more low-order than high-order effects, and inheritance structure between active main effects and interactions. Techniques for evaluating the criterion and searching for optimal designs are presented. The effectiveness of the criterion is illustrated with a number of examples that consider regular and nonregular designs, robust designs, and scenarios with partial prior knowledge of which effects are significant.\n      </p>", "Efron's biased coin design is a well-known randomization technique that helps to neutralize selection bias in sequential clinical trials for comparing treatments, while keeping the experiment fairly balanced. Extensions of the biased coin design have been proposed by several researchers who have focused mainly on the large sample properties of their designs. We modify Efron's procedure by introducing an adjustable biased coin design, which is more flexible than his. We compare it with other existing coin designs; in terms of balance and lack of predictability, its performance for small samples appears in many cases to be an improvement with respect to the other sequential randomized allocation procedures.\n      </p>", "This paper introduces and explicates the decision-making paradigm of organizational design. We argue that the domains of existing design paradigms are declining in scope, and that the nature of current and future organizational environments requires use of a design paradigm that responds to the increasing frequency and criticality of the decision-making process. In particular, we argue that the decision-making paradigm is applicable when the organizational environments are hostile, complex, and turbulent. The focal concept of the decision-making paradigm is that organizations should be designed primarily to facilitate the making of organizational decisions. The paper sets forth the paradigm's six major concepts and discusses the principal domains of its application. The paper also examines the relationships between the decision-making paradigm and the literatures on (1) organizational decision making. (2) the information processing view of organizations, and (3) the need for compatibility between the organization's design and the design of its technologically supported information systems. The paper concludes by identifying ten organizational design guidelines that follow from the decision-making paradigm.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the views and expectations of children regarding their school environments and has constructed a framework for the school design process based on children's information and reflections. The research objectives required analyzing secondary data, as well as qualitative and quantitative empirical studies\u2014each one leading to the next. The issues raised by children about school design emerged through an analysis of three previous studies in the UK. The empirical study involved 260 children (11-12 years old) in two secondary schools in England. The findings highlight the importance children attribute to various issues. The overall findings have been developed as a school design framework to guide the design and decision-making processes of architects and designers.\n      </p>", "While a great deal of abuse has been directed at intelligent design theory (ID), its starting point is a fact about biological organisms that cries out for explanation, namely \"specified complexity\" (SC). Advocates of ID deploy three kind of argument from specified complexity to the existence of a designer: an eliminative argument, an inductive argument, and an inference to the best explanation. Only the first of these merits the abuse directed at it; the other two arguments are worthy of respect. If they fail, it is only because we have a better explanation of SC, namely Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection.\n      </p>", "This paper studies questionnaire design as a formal decision problem, focusing on one element of the design process: skip sequencing. We propose that a survey planner use an explicit loss function to quantify the trade-off between cost and informativeness of the survey and aim to make a design choice that minimizes loss. We pose a choice between three options: ask all respondents about an item of interest, use skip sequencing, thereby asking the item only of respondents who give a certain answer to an opening question, or do not ask the item at all. The first option is most informative but also most costly. The use of skip sequencing reduces respondent burden and the cost of interviewing, but may spread data quality problems across survey items, thereby reducing informativeness. The last option has no cost but is completely uninformative about the item of interest. We show how the planner may choose among these three options in the presence of two inferential problems, item nonresponse and response error.\n      </p>", "Organization design in its verb form is explored through a study of the design practices of a major contemporary architect, Frank O. Gehry, and his firm, Gehry Partners, LLP. Through four case studies, we explore how the organization design of his architectural projects is an outcome of Gehry Partner's design gestalt. We argue that this design gestalt is a primary source of their organization designing and is composed of an architectural vision, the tight coupling of multiple representation technologies, and a commitment to a collaborative process of design and construction. These elements of design together form a holistic, organizing pattern-their design gestalt-that is evident in all of Gehry Partners projects, both their buildings and their organizational forms. We offer three characteristics of organization designing-focus on form giving, relation to environment, and temporality. We argue that developing a design gestalt and strengthening the capacity for organization designing is crucial for firms in our increasingly knowledge- and experience-based economy.\n      </p>", "Reclamation and reuse of wastewater makes economic sense and is an important part of a water resources program, especially for communities in water-scarce areas. In most states, tertiary filtration is the minimum treatment level for water reclamation projects that include public exposure. The objective of this paper is to summarize practical considerations for design of tertiary filtration systems based on operational data, pilot and bench studies, design features, and construction concerns from several plants in the southern California area. Specific aspects discussed include: media selection (mono, dual, and mixed), backwash systems (rates and rate sequences), underdrain design, scour systems, chemical addition (type and location), instrumentation, and operational considerations.\n      </p>", "Although there is a growing body of research into the cultural and creative industries, little work has focused specifically upon on the geography of design and its role in regional economies. The relative neglect of the geography of the UK design industry is surprising given recent assertions about the sector's role in national economic competitiveness; its contribution to product innovation; and its importance as an urban regeneration resource. This paper explicitly considers the extent to which existing conceptualizations of agglomeration and creativity provide insights into the realm of design. Our discussion reflects upon recent surveys of the design sector and analyses current design organization membership data, both of which reveal an overwhelming concentration of design activities in London and the South East. Our analysis of the strategies, organization and practices of agencies in London reveals that a number of the key features associated with cultural industries in general are significantly less discernible within design.\n      </p>", "This article describes the design and formative evaluation of a Web-based tool that supports curriculum developers in constructing competence maps. Competence maps describe final attainment levels of educational programs in terms of-interrelated-competencies. Key requirements for the competence-mapping tool were validity and practicality. Validity refers to internal consistency and meaningful links to the external realities represented. Practicality refers to a design approach of evolutionary prototyping, in which feedback from intended users and domain experts is collected throughout the development process. Formative evaluations of four prototypes were conducted. Measures of design, appeal, goal, content, confidence and relevance showed that the tool is practical. The article describes the formative evaluation process and concludes with a description of the modified tool from the perspective of the user and the instructional designer.\n      </p>", "Validating an exposure pathway model is difficult because the biomarker, which is often used to evaluate the model prediction, is an integrated measure for exposures from all the exposure routes and pathways. The purpose of this article is to demonstrate a method to use pharmacokinetic (PK) modeling and computer simulation to guide the design of field studies to validate pathway models. The children's dietary intake model is discussed in detail as an example. Three important aspects are identified for a successful design to evaluate the children's dietary intake model: a) longitudinally designed study with significant changes in the exposure for the route/pathway of interest, b) short biologic half-life of the selected chemical, and c) surface loading of the selected chemical at sufficient levels. Using PK modeling to guide a study design allowed a path-specific exposure model to be evaluated using urinary metabolite biomarkers.\n      </p>", "In this paper we argue that it is important to introduce liberal arts students to the essence of engineering. Toward this ead we have developed Robotic Design Studio, a course where students learn how to design, assemble, and program robots made out of LEGO\u00ae parts, sensors, motors, and small embedded computers. The course has no prerequisites and has attracted students from a wide range of backgrounds. The course culminates in an exhibition where students show off the robots that they have designed and built. These creative projects tie together aspects of a surprisingly wide range of disciplines. Robotic Design Studio represents an alternative vision of how robot design can be used to teach engineering in a way that is more inclusive and provides more room for artistic expression than contest-centered formats. A web site with detailed descriptions of student projects and all other course materials can be found at http://cs.wellesley.edu/rds.\n      </p>", "This article seeks to highlight certain elements that helped configure the position of designer goods-and, by extension, design-as part of Barcelona's material culture between 1960 and 1990. It maps some of the ways in which the evolution of their provision defined how they were perceived and the modes of consumption associated with them, paying particular attention to the development of high-design retailing. As different levels of provision and consumption interacted and coexisted, the cultural position of design took shape: the notion of what 'design' was, where one could find it, how and by whom it was used or what it looked like, was defined and polished, collectively acknowledged. The study of design retailing and consumption in Barcelona during late Francoism and the political transition opens a window to the broader transformations and socio-political tensions that defined the period. It underlines some of the more visible discourses of modernity and regional identity, and addresses the instrumentalization of design by bringing to the fore the fundamental agency of the metropolitan bourgeoisie.\n      </p>", "MIS design approaches call for managers to specify their information needs to be used as requirements in the design process. To explore the merits of this practice, managers from organizations across the United States were interviewed. The managers were asked to indicate their preference for personal, interactive, report, and analytic types of information for various stages of decision making and decision familiarity. These preferences were assessed to determine if they were influenced by managers' personal characteristics (such as psychological makeup and experience), by the decision task, or both. Analysis found that preferences were not influenced by manager characteristics but were influenced by the decision task. The managers demonstrated an understanding of information uses consistent with the decision support literature, providing support for user specification of MIS information requirements.\n      </p>", "To define the relationship of treatment plant design capacity to effluent quality, daily performance reports were examined from a sample of 29 municipal wastewater treatment plants selected to minimize the extraneous influences of weather, process, age, and overloading. Eight effluent quality variables were generated: monthly means and extremes of biochemical oxygen demand and suspended solids expressed as concentrations and percentages of removal. Each was regressed on design capacity. F-tests on the slopes of the regression lines indicate that capacity is often not significantly related to effluent quality at the 0.01 confidence level, and, that when a significant relationship exists, small plants perform better than large ones. This finding refutes the alleged ecologic benefit of highly centralized sewerage, allowing decentralized sewerage to emerge as environmentally superior because of its undisputed advantages of spatially dispersed wasteload and minimal hydrologic impact.\n      </p>", "Cases have been used in education through a variety of methods, such as case written analysis, case discussion, and case development. Recent case definitions and uses have extended their traditional uses. In case-based reasoning, cases are considered to represent knowledge, and the use of cases is integral to an individual's problem-solving process. Case-based activity (CBA) builds on CBR research and theory, emphasizing the transition of novices toward experts' reasoning and applications. The purpose of this paper is to present the theoretical assumptions and principles for designing grounded, web-enhanced CBA. Findings from recent implementations and implications for design are presented.\n      </p>", "Restrictions on bay and estuarine discharges require abandonment of existing wastewater effluent outfalls, limit future design in relatively sheltered receiving water bodies, and challenge design engineers to meet rugged conditions in the open ocean. Outfalls in the ocean require that attention be given to wave forces, ocean bottom support conditions, and design details to ensure a long-lasting facility. Design engineers are generally faced with a requirement to provide 50 years design life at a cost that can be afforded by the municipality or other owner. An excellent example is an outfall on the north coast of California near Eureka. The coast within reasonable distance of the cities is subject to severe storms and extreme bottom instability. Problems associated with two pulp mill outfalls which extend into the ocean in the area are a testament to the severe prevailing conditions. An articulated outfall design was selected to meet the design conditions. Segments of steel pipe are joined with flexible ball joints. Flexible joints allow horizontal and vertical movement, and prevent the occurrence of long, unsupported pipeline sections that could result from bottom scour.\n      </p>", "Design thinking has long tried to join form, function, and aesthetic appeal. In cars, furniture, architecture, typography, clothes, or photography, good designs regularly solve problems of movement, massing, and balance in attractive and inspiring ways. The field of organization design is comparatively young in this regard, having mostly focused on questions of efficiency and expendiency rather than aesthetics; nevertheless, designers are increasingly being called on to create organizations that \"sing\" rather than just \"work.\" Here, we consider how aesthetically sophisticated design thinking from the arts might be applied in organizational design. Specifically, we consider the case of Learning Lab Denmark-a research institute that has experimented extensively with aesthetically informed organizational design-in light of the mobile art of Alexander Calder and other constructivist artists who championed flexible design. We conclude that in such organizations, (1) designers must strike an ongoing, interactive balance between centric and acentric design orientations and practices, (2) aesthetic consideration is fundamentally important when it comes to crafting effective design, and (3) designing processes should be given as much attention as design solutions.\n      </p>", "This paper describes the use of design keys in (a) identifying treatment effects with particular plot contrasts in factorial experiments and (b) constructing the designs. The method covers a wide variety of block structures. It is available for both symmetrical and asymmetrical designs.\n      </p>", "Deng and Tang (1999) and Tang and Deng (1999) proposed and justified two criteria of generalized minimum aberration for general two-level fractional factorial designs. The criteria are defined using a set of values called J characteristics. In this article, we examine the practical use of the criteria in design selection. Specifically, we consider the problem of classifying and ranking designs that are based on Hadamard matrices. A theoretical result on J characteristics is developed to facilitate the computation. The issue of design selection is further studied by linking generalized aberration with the criteria of efficiency and estimation capacity. Our studies reveal that generalized aberration performs quite well under these familiar criteria.\n      </p>", "The literature review of 320 references was conducted in an EPA-funded project to identify the needs for further research on activated sludge clarifier design and performance. The findings were summarized in a report and used as a basis of a 3-day research needs symposium. The prioritized research needs are presented in the paper, along with recommendations for the conduct of such research. The latter includes protocol, roles of various organizations, and minimum sizes of facilities to require to secure meaningful data.\n      </p>", "The D-optimal design for the Haar wavelet system is obtained and an example given. /// Le sch\u00e9ma D-optimal pour le syst\u00e8me d'ondelettes de Haar est obtenu et un exemple est donn\u00e9.\n      </p>", "This paper presents the activities of the Athens Design Centre (ADC), a largely ignored aspect of Greek design history. The ADC was founded in the early 1960s by a group of industrialists, architects, economists and other professionals, in conjunction with a scientific body, the Greek Society of Industrial Morphology (GSIM). Although the ADC was a purely private initiative, it was modelled on public institutions which were operating abroad as national agencies for the promotion of industrial design, especially the British Council of Industrial Design. The ADC was basically a commercial undertaking, whose aim was to educate producers as well as consumers on what constitutes 'good design'. The people who conceived of this body had hoped that its operation could boost product sales and empower Greek firms in the new environment of the European Common Market. Despite high expectations, the ADC was unsuccessful and short-lived. Its private nature and the commercial stigma it bore prevented it from attracting a wider range of supporters, especially from the public sector and academia. In general, it was an over-ambitious and in a sense heroic venture, which tried to imitate too closely its international counterparts and finally played a marginal role in the Greek design scene.\n      </p>", "We propose the expected integrated mean-squared error (EIMSE) experimental design criterion and show how we used it to design experiments to meet the needs of researchers in die casting engineering. This criterion expresses in a direct way the researchers' goal to minimize the expected meta-model prediction errors, taking into account the effects of both random experimental errors and errors deriving from our uncertainty about the true model form. Because we needed to make assumptions about the prior distribution of model coefficients to estimate the EIMSE, we performed a sensitivity analysis to verify that the relative prediction performance of the design generated was largely insensitive to our assumptions. Also, we discuss briefly the general advantages of EIMSE optimal designs, including lower expected bias errors compared with popular response surface designs and substantially lower variance errors than certain Box-Draper all-bias designs.\n      </p>", "The authors explore whether the need for ethical reflection on the part of designing engineers is dependent on the type of design process. They use Vincenti's (1992) distinction between normal and radical design and different levels of design hierarchy. These two dimensions are coupled with the concept of ill-structured problems, which are problems in which possible solutions cannot be ordered on a scale from better to worse. Design problems are better structured at lower hierarchical levels and in cases of normal design. Better structured design problems require less ethical reflection on the part of designing engineers if such situations are characterized by the existence of generally accepted normative frameworks. Engineers could then deal with moral problems within the bounds of such frameworks and without the need for further reflection. On the basis of a number of empirical cases, the authors explore whether these ideas hold water. They discuss four cases ranging from a high-level radical design process to a low-level normal design process.\n      </p>", "The rapid growth of mobile telephony has fueled the expansion of the mobile Internet as a foundation for mobile commerce. Proponents claim that mobile commerce will surpass electronic commerce in growth and scope, but there is as yet no commonly accepted framework for the study of interface design for mobile commerce. Using Rayport and Jaworski's 7C's\u2013the seven design elements of a customer interface (context, content, community, customization, communication, connection, and commerce) \u2013as a reference framework, interfaces for mobile commerce and electronic commerce are compared. Two new elements (2M's) are identified: mobile setting and mobile device constraints. These 2M's substantially affect the design of each of the 7C's. Therefore, the 2M's and 7C's are proposed as a new framework for mobile commerce interfaces. Based on this, previous research is analyzed and suggestions for future research are generated.\n      </p>", "This article describes an education design research program that began with individual microgenetic interviews with children in a laboratory setting and led to a developmental model of students' understanding of quotients in mathematics and subsequently to the design and testing of an anchored instruction module for use in whole-class work. The authors discuss the design's theoretical, methodological, and pragmatic aspects. They focus on the development of theory and the generation and refinement of artifacts as mutually constitutive in design research. Special attention is paid to making explicit the causal chain of arguments that link theory development, empirical tests of that theory, and product development. They make the case that effective interventions and rigorous theory can be codeveloped in the design paradigm.\n      </p>"], "words": {"represent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "all": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "activated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produce": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "existing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whose": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "depend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disposal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "answered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "southwest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mainstream": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "altering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enhance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "workhouse,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requirements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prediction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "design": {"number": 55, "prob": 0.00045546956842188076}, "value": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "architectural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "even": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nonlinear": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "century,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multimedia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "new": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "appeal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seeks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "movement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "water": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "reported": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "focused": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "address": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teacher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "search": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "studied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "commonly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "products": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "published": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "usually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opinion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gene": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aimed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tertiary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "from": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "to": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "call": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "criteria": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lapita": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "today": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "researchers,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "curriculum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "train": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "varying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "blocking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "instructional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "animals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "science": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "challenge": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "work": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "theories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concepts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "my": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "share": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sample": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "council": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sense": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simulation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "information": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "educational": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "monitoring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "methodology": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "frontiers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimal": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "parameter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "product": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "designer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tried": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "earlier": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "needs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abuse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faculty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "engineering": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "a": {"number": 48, "prob": 0.00039750071425909595}, "explicit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "element": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produced": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sludge": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "design,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "group": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "temporal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "article,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "designs": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "views": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "propose": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduce": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "now": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "university": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "side": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "principles": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "used": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "frequency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "static": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "our": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tensions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "receiving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrated": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "foundation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interactions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "frank": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surveys": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cornerstone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "definition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explored": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incorporated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "routes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "childhood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "industrial": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "one": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "long": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "specificity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "unknown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interviews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consisting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "white": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "final": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "environmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focusing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "photographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "television": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "require": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "victorian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "providing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "and": {"number": 53, "prob": 0.0004389070386610851}, "manufacture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "willingness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alongside": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manner": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "need": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "seek": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "utility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mountain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "majority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "objective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "performance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "towards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "centre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "who": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "architects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organization": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "services": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 99, "prob": 0.0008198452231593853}, "especially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mobile": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consumed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adopt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "points": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nineteenth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "construction,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "precise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emerging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "soluble": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asylum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "knowledge": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "parameters": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "with": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "guidance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "receptors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enzyme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "essence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "his": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dependent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "secondary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiments,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "bay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experiments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "architecture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recommendations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "through": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ethical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "constructing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "humans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "closer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capacity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsequent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "written": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "conceptual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aesthetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "longitudinal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effluent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "improved": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "many": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "ill": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uncertainty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sensitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "games": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expression": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experimental": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "relevant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "point": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continuation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sampling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industries,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creativity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "describes": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "define": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "great": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "confinement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "spain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "commerce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multi": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "has": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "developing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ongoing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teachers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procedure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engineers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "use,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "helped": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "player": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 45, "prob": 0.00037265691961790246}, "protein": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "technology": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regression": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "open": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "author": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "began": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intra": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "units": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "resulting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "difficult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phenomenon,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "norwegian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "viewing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "user": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "changing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "program,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "database": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "humanities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ocean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "position": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "researchers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "generally": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "proposes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "underlying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "web": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "candidate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thinking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prison": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "east": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "match": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "march": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "around": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unique": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "d": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "methods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questionnaire": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gradually": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "for": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "demonstrates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "decision": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "creative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collaboration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disciplines,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "confidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expansion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "manufacturing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "properties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brighton": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goods": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 87, "prob": 0.0007204700445946114}, "introduces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "o": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efforts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "software": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "computational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "intellectual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypermedia": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "specifically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "class": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "way": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "form": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "manufacturers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "repeated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "properly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "library": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "e": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "true": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "directed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "applying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "places": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "type": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "limit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highlight": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "liberal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ad": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "certain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "britain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classroom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "laboratory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "archive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "constructed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "functions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "treatment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "application": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "setting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "boom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "finite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "subjects,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pathways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposure": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pottery": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "designers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "daily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "having": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experimenters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "broad": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "requires": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wastewater": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}}}