{"total_words": 765, "documents": ["Introduction: Many scientific achievements become part of usual diabetes care only after long delays. The purpose of this article is to identify the impact of automated information interventions on diabetes care and patient outcomes and to enable this knowledge to be incorporated into diabetes care practice. Methods: We conducted systematic electronic and manual searches and identified reports of randomized clinical trials of computer-assisted interventions in diabetes care. Studies were grouped into 3 categories: computerized prompting of diabetes care, utilization of home glucose records in computer-assisted insulin dose adjustment, and computer-assisted diabetes patient education. Results: Among 40 eligible studies, glycated hemoglobin and blood glucose levels were significantly improved in 7 and 6 trials, respectively. Significantly improved guideline compliance was reported in 6 of 8 computerized prompting studies. Three of 4 pocket-sized insulin dosage computers reduced hypoglycemic events and insulin doses. Metaanalysis of studies using home glucose records in insulin dose adjustment documented a mean decrease in glycated hemoglobin of .14 mmol/L (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.11-0.16) and a decrease in blood glucose of .33 mmol/L (95% CI, 0.28-0.39). Several computerized educational programs improved diet and metabolic indicators. Discussion: Computerized knowledge management is becoming a vital component of quality diabetes care. Prompting follow-up procedures, computerized insulin therapy adjustment using home glucose records, remote feedback, and counseling have documented benefits in improving diabetes-related outcomes.\n      </p>", "To assess the association of childhood parental history of type 2 diabetes and the risk of diabetes in adulthood. Observations were made on a community-based cohort of normoglycemic (n = 1619), pre-diabetic (n = 78), and type 2 diabetic (n = 50) adult subjects followed serially for cardiovascular risk factors over 22 years from childhood and noting their relation to a parental history of diabetes. In a longitudinal multivariate model including parental diabetes observed in the offspring's childhood, BMI, MAP, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin, and glucose, adjusted for age, age\u00b2, race, sex, and race by sex interaction, parental diabetes and adverse changes in LDL cholesterol and glucose were independently associated with pre-diabetic status in adulthood (regression coefficient [\u03b2] = 0.74 (95% CI: 0.04-1.45), 0.44 (95% CI: 0.24-0.64), and 1.99 (95% CI: 1.73-2.25), respectively), while parental diabetes and adverse changes in BMI, HDL cholesterol, and glucose were associated with the diabetic status (\u03b2 = 1.14 (95% CI: 0.35-1.92), 0.08 (95% CI: 0.05-0.11), -0.51 (95% CI: -1.03 to - 0.003), and 1.79 (95% CI: 1.48-2.09), respectively). Childhood parental history of diabetes along with adverse changes in adiposity, glucose, and lipoprotein variables of metabolic syndrome since childhood are associated with the increased risk of pre-diabetic and diabetic status in adulthood.\n      </p>", "Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), a marker of oxidative stress, has been shown to be associated with diabetes mellitus in some population-based studies, but not all. Also, it is not clear if there is a continuous doseresponse relationship in this association, or if this association is evident only beyond a particular threshold level of GGT. We examined the association between serum GGT and diabetes mellitus in a representative sample of US adults aged \u2265 20 years, in a cross-sectional study involving 7,976 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999\u20132002 participants. Diabetes mellitus was defined as a fasting glucose \u2265 126mg/dl, nonfasting glucose \u2265 200 mg/dl, or use of oral hypoglycemic medication or insulin (n = 805). Higher serum GGT levels were positively associated with diabetes mellitus, independent of, alcohol consumption, body mass index, hypertension and other confounders. Multivariable odds ratio (95% confidence interval) comparing quartile 4 of GGT (&gt;33 U/L) to quartile 1 (&lt;15U/L) was 2.33 (1.59\u20133.41), P-trend &lt;0.0001. This association persisted in separate analysis among men and women. In nonparametric models, the positive association between serum GGT and diabetes appeared to be present across the full range of GGT, without any threshold effect. Higher serum GGT levels are positively associated with diabetes mellitus.\n      </p>", "Aim To describe the burden of diabetes-related mortality in France. Methods Underlying and multiple causes (all causes listed) of death were extracted from the 2002 French national mortality registry. Death rates were standardized on the age structure of the European population. Results Diabetes was reported as the underlying cause of death in 11,177 certificates (2.1%), and as multiple causes in 29,357 certificates (5.3%), giving a ratio (multiple/ underlying causes) of 2.6. When diabetes was a multiple cause, the mean age at death was 75 years in men, 81 years in women. The age-standardized mortality rates were 41.0/100,000 in men, 24.6/100,000 in women. The excess mortality observed in men (men/women ratio = 1.7) decreased with age. Geographic differences were observed: higher rates in the North-East, lower rates in the West of the country. In certificates mentioning diabetes, the most frequent cause of death was diseases of the circulatory system (76%). Coronary heart diseases, foot ulcers and renal diseases were more likely to be mentioned in certificates referring to diabetes than in those that did not. Discussion The use of multiple rather than underlying causes of death more than doubled diabetes- related mortality rates. While probably still under-estimated, the burden of diabetes-related mortality corresponds to a high proportion of the total mortality, especially in men. Geographic differences partially reflect disparities in diabetes prevalence. Causes more frequently associated with diabetes include coronary heart disease and complications related to neuropathy and nephropathy.\n      </p>", "Objective: To compare vascular and glucose related mechanisms of type 2 diabetes on cognitive performance. Research design and methods: A cross-sectional observational study of type 2 diabetes defined by non insulin dependant self-report diabetes or fasting blood glucose \u22647.0 mmol/l of 2205 men eligible for the third phase of the Caerphilly Collaborative Heart Disease Study. Men were aged 55-69 years at time of testing. Tests of cognitive function included NART (crystallised IQ), AH4 (fluid IQ), verbal fluency (executive function) Cambridge Cognitive Examination (CAMCOG) and Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) (global function), four choice serial reaction time (psychomotor function) and memory. Men with prior stroke were omitted from the analysis. Results: Men with diabetes showed cognitive deficits for verbal fluency, National Adult Reacting Test (NART) and AH4. Adjusting for vascular risk factors had minimal effect. Including blood glucose removed the deficit for verbal fluency and NART but the effect on AH4 score (-2.58; 95% CI: -5.0, -0.1, p = 0.039) was retained. More detailed analyses of AH4 score on men with diabetes showed a curvilinear relationship indicating that men with both low and high glucose levels had worse performance ( ${\\rm AH}4=-66+80\\ {\\rm log}_{{\\rm e}}\\ \\text{glucose}-18\\ {\\rm log}_{{\\rm e}}\\ \\text{glucose}^{2};95\\%\\ {\\rm CI}\\colon -29,-6;p=0.002$ ). Conclusions: These data identify a direct effect of glucose regulation on cognitive performance associated with diabetes in a population sample. These data suggest that an effect of glucose regulation on cognitive performance in diabetes is distinct from any effect of macro-vascular disease.\n      </p>", "The objectives of the study were to design and develop a questionnaire to measure individuals' perceptions of the impact of diabetes on their quality of life (QoL). The design of the ADDQoL (Audit of Diabetes Dependent QoL) was influenced by patient-centred principles underlying the SEIQoL interview method. Respondents rate only personally-applicable life domains, indicating importance and impact of diabetes. Fifty-two out-patients with diabetes and 102 attending diabetes education open days provided data for psychometric analyses. Each of the 13 domain-specific ADDQoL items was relevant and important for substantial numbers of respondents. Factor analysis and Cronbach's \u03b1 coefficient of internal consistency (0.85) supported combination of items into a scale. Insulin-treated patients reported greater impact of diabetes on QoL than tablet / diet-treated patients. People with microvascular complications showed, as expected, greater diabetes-related impairment of QoL than people without complications. Unlike other QoL measures, the ADDQoL is an individualized questionnaire measure of the impact of diabetes and its treatment on QoL. Preliminary evidence of reliability and validity is established for adults with diabetes. Findings suggest that the ADDQoL will be more sensitive to change and responsive to differences than generic QoL measures.\n      </p>", "Objectives: We sought to determine whether receipt of the American Diabetes Association's recommended clinical services was similar among insured subjects with and without mental disorders during the period of 1996 to 2001. Research Design: Our study was a retrospective analysis of Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Iowa administrative claims data, 1996-2001. Subjects: We studied 26,020 adults with diabetes; 6,627 (25%) had a coexisting mental disorder. Measures: Service receipt included hemoglobin Alc ( $HbA_{lc}$ ) testing, dilated eye examination, cholesterol measurement, and urine protein testing. We used Cox regression to calculate hazard ratios (HRs) for service receipt after adjusting for demographic, disease, and utilization factors. Results: Mental disorder subjects were more likely to be younger, women, urban residents, have diabetes complications and comorbidity, and to have increased healthcare utilization. Although they received more services (mean, 2.6) than subjects without mental disorders (mean, 2.3), they were less likely to have received a $HbA_{lc}$ test (HR 0.92; 99.9% confidence interval [CI] 0.87-0.97) and a cholesterol measurement (HR 0.92; 99.9% CI 0.86-0.98). Receipt of a dilated eye examination (HR 0.96; 99.9% CI 0.89-1.04) and urine protein test (HR 0.98; 99.9% CI 0.92-1.04) was similar. Service receipt varied by specific mental disorder categorization. Few subjects (&lt; 6%) strictly adhered to the guidelines of the American Diabetes Association. Conclusions: Receipt of clinical preventive services for both populations was suboptimal. Importantly, subjects with mental disorders were more likely to have diabetic complications, even when controlling for utilization of healthcare services, possibly because of poorer receipt of $HbA_{lc}$ testing. Persons with mental disorders should be more aggressively educated about blood sugar control, given the high rate of complications in this population. Medical care directed at persons with comorbid medical and psychiatric disorders may be beneficial.\n      </p>", "The prevalence of diabetes is higher among Mexican Americans than among non-Hispanic whites. Higher serum levels of organochlorine pesticides in Mexican Americans have been reported. Few studies have explored the association between pesticide exposure and diabetes. OBJECTIVES: We set out to examine the association between self-reported diabetes and serum concentrations of organochlorine pesticides among Mexican Americans residing in the southwestern United States from 1982 to 1984. /// This study was conducted among a sample of 1,303 Mexican Americans 20-74 years of age from the Hispanic Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Serum concentrations were available for seven pesticides or pesticide metabolites at quantifiable levels in at least 1% of the study population: p,p'-DDT (dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane), p,p'-DDE (dichlorodiphenyldichloro-ethylene), dieldrin, oxychlordane, \u00df-hexachlorocyclohexane, hexachlorobenzene, and transnonachlor. We used logistic regression to evaluate the association of self-reported diabetes with exposure to organochlorine pesticides, with and without adjustment for total serum lipids. Nonfasting serum glucose values were compared among exposure groups. /// Self-reported diabetes was significantly associated with serum levels above the detectable limit for trans-nonachlor, oxychlordane, and \u00df-hexachlorocyclohexane and among those with the highest level of exposure to p,p'-DDT and p,p'-DDE. On adjustment for total serum lipids, the association with p,p'-DDT remained significant. Serum glucose levels were elevated among those exposed to trans-nonachlor and P-hexachlorocyclohexane. /// This study suggests that higher serum levels of certain organochlorine pesticides may be associated with increased prevalence of diabetes. Additional studies with more extensive clinical assessment are needed to confirm this association.\n      </p>", "This study examines relationships between patient reported outcomes (PROs) and clinical outcomes in Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Patients at the outpatient clinics of a university hospital completed measures of generic health status (SF-12), diabetes-specific quality of life (Audit of Diabetes Dependent Quality of Life - ADDQoL), and depressive symptoms (Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression - CES-D). Patient reported data were merged with a retrospective collection of clinical and utilization data, including HbA1C, from electronic medical records. A Charlson comorbidity score, diabetes complications score, BMI, and total number of ER and hospital visits were calculated. Usable response rate was 44.3% (n = 385). Patients were dichotomized into glycemic control levels based on the ADA recommended A1C level &lt; 7.0, vs. \u2265 7.0. The ADDQoL, PCS-12, and MCS-12 scores were separately examined as dependent variables using hierarchical regression models, with glycemic control as the primary explanatory variable, and controlling for demographics and clinical variables including comorbidities and complications. Glycemic control was not a significant predictor in any regression model. Obesity was a significant predictor leading to poorer PCS-12 and MCS-12 scores, while depressive symptoms significantly resulted in lower PCS-12, MCS-12 and ADDQoL scores. These and other factors related to self-management behaviors may contribute to a greater understanding of how to intervene with patients with T2DM. The use of such PROs alongside biomedical measures such as A1C is recommended.\n      </p>", "Diabetes mellitus is an important chronic disease with a growing prevalence that absorbs an ever increasing investment of resources. This population-based study evaluated the direct medical costs of diabetes mellitus in an HMO setting. We evaluated both the total cost of diabetic patients and their added cost in comparison to other HMO members (diabetes-related costs). Data were obtained for the years 1999-2001 in a cohort of 24,632 diabetic patients followed up for 3 years drawn from the computerized medical administrative database of a large HMO in Israel, insuring around 25% of the population. The mean direct cost of the medical treatment of a diabetic patient rose 29% from US $2,017 in 1999 to $2,601 in 2001 (in 2001 terms) in comparison to a 19.7% rise (from $1,246 to $1,492). Hospitalizations, medication, and physician visits account for 39%, 29%, and 21% of the total diabetic patient costs, respectively. Dialysis, insulin intake, impaired creatinine, and elevated HbA1c were associated with increased expenditures. According to our results, the total national medical cost of diabetes alone in 2001 was $317 million and that of diabetic patients was $564 million, 6.9% and 12.4% of the total Israeli HMO budget, respectively. The study presents the use of a population-based computerized database to comprehensively assess the economic burden of disease and the potential savings from prevention. The study data suggest a rise in the cost of diabetes which has implications for prevention and treatment policies.\n      </p>", "Background: The incidence of childhood diabetes is increasing in Denmark as in the rest of the world. The aim of this investigation was to study intrauterine and early childhood risk factors for insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, and to evaluate gender differences in the effect of these. Methods/material: A number of 602 diabetic cases aged 0-14 years diagnosed 1996-1999 were identified from the Danish register of childhood diabetes. A total of 1490 non-diabetic healthy children matched by gender and date of birth were randomly selected from the Danish population register. In addition a combination of national register data and questionnaire data was used. Results: High parental age, neonatal infections and pre-eclampsia were associated with type 1 diabetes in boys, whereas being preterm was associated with an increased risk in girls. An increased risk was associated with a family history of diabetes and amniocentesis, while a decreased risk was associated with increasing birth order and maternal smoking. In a multiple logistic regression analysis, the following risk factors were significantly associated with case-control status: maternal smoking (OR: 0.6(0.4-0.9)), neonatal infection in boys (OR: 5.5(1.4-21.8)), neonatal infection in girls (OR: 0.6(0.1-3.0)), amniocentesis (OR: 1.6(1.0-2.6)), pre-school siblings (OR: 0.8(0.6-1.0)), introduction of cow's milk after the age of 3 months (OR: 0.7(0.4-0.9)) and a 1st degree family member with diabetes (OR: 9.1(95% CI:5.2-16)). Conclusion: The study showed associations between several risk factors and childhood diabetes, for some risk factors the odds ratio in boys were different from the odds ratio in girls.\n      </p>", "Objectives We investigated whether the significant spatial West/East trend of incidence of Diabetes mellitus Type 1 in Austrian children changed between 1989 and 2005. Additionally we tested, whether population density and mean body mass index of newborns is associated with incidence. Study design and setting All newly diagnosed cases aged 0\u201314 years in Austria (n = 2644), prospectively registered from 1989 to 2005 were allocated to 99 districts. Ecological regression and analysis was done by Bayesian hierarchical models including spatially correlated risks. Results In Austria, the incidence rose from 9.1/100.000 in 1989\u20131994 to 14.9/100.000 in 2001\u20132005. The spatial trend in the period 1989\u20131995, showing high incidence in the Eastern parts of Austria, disappeared. In the period 2001\u20132005 a significant inverse negative association of population density with incidence was found. Mean body mass index of newborns in the Austrian population is significantly positively associated with incidence. Conclusion The observation of higher incidence in rural areas in Austria during recent years may reflect a lower exposure to protective environmental factors, e.g. infections early in life. The observed association with the BMI in newborns indicates that neonatal or prenatal metabolic aspects may modulate the risk for childhood diabetes. We cannot explain the change in the spatial distribution of incidence.\n      </p>", "Background: Optimal diabetes management relies on providers adhering to evidence-based practice guidelines in the processes of care delivery and patients adhering to self-management recommendations to maximize patient outcomes. Purpose: To explore: (1) the degree to which providers adhere to the guidelines; (2) the extent of glycemic, lipid, and blood pressure control in patients with diabetes; and (3) the roles of organizational and patient population characteristics in affecting both provider adherence and patient outcome measures for diabetes. Design: Secondary data analysis of provider adherence and patient outcome measures from chart reviews, along with surveys of facility quality managers. Sample: We sampled 109 Veterans Affairs medical centers (VAMCs). Results: Analyses indicated that provider adherence to diabetes guidelines (ie, hemoglobin $A_{1c}$ , foot, eye, renal, and lipid screens) and patient outcome measures (ie, glycemic, lipid, and hypertension control plus nonsmoking status) are comparable or better in VAMCs than reported elsewhere. VAMCs with higher levels of provider adherence to diabetes guidelines had distinguishing organizational characteristics, including more frequent feedback on diabetes quality of care, designation of a guideline champion, timely implementation of qualityof-care changes, and greater acceptance of guideline applicability. VAMCs with better patient outcome measures for diabetes had more effective communication between physicians and nurses, used educational programs and Grand Rounds presentations to implement the diabetes guidelines, and had an overall patient population that was older and with a smaller percentage of black patients. Conclusions: Healthcare organizations can adopt many of the identified organizational characteristics to enhance the delivery of care in their settings.\n      </p>", "Avoiding serious complications such as stroke, myocardial infarction, and amputations in diabetes patients is the main interest of long-term treatment. Given the considerable prevalence of diabetes type 2 in industrialized countries this is a major public health concern as well as a burden to health care systems. The present study estimated the current risk of major complications occurring in the German diabetes type 2 population and explored the potential for further risk reduction. Risk reduction can be achieved when physiological and behavioral parameters (HbA1c, blood pressure, cholesterol level, body mass index, smoking) are set to target values recommended in guidelines. To estimate individual risk and potential risk reduction the multifactor disease model Mellibase was employed. Data were obtained from the German Health Survey of 1998, which includes a sample of 7,124 individuals representative of the German population. The survey shows a prevalence rate of 6.3% for diabetes type 2 in persons older than 35 years. The analyses reveal that the overall potential for risk reduction is moderate (e.g., the average reduction potential of the 10-year risk of stroke is 5.7%). A majority of parameter ranges found in the patient population are either already close to the recommended values (HbA1c), are not alarmingly higher than in the general population (blood pressure) or have little impact on risk reduction. In addition nonmodifiable risk factors such as duration of the illness and advanced age constrain possible improvements. However, there is a wide variation in the actual risk between individuals (e.g., the 10-year risk of stroke varies between 2.2% and 79.8%), and thus a wide variation in potential risk reduction (the risk reduction potential for stroke varies between 0% and 53.4%). Intensified treatment should therefore (a) focus on relevant subgroups of patients taking their risk reduction potential into account and (b) aim at improvement in the overall metabolic profile rather than concentrating on single risk factors.\n      </p>", "An observational descriptive study was carried out of the healthcare resources consumed during 1 year by a sample of patients with type II diabetes of a healthcare area in southern Spain. A total of 517 patients with a mean duration of disease of 9.7\u00b18 years were assessed. A total annual health cost of \u20ac4,278/patient was calculated (direct \u20ac2,504; indirect \u20ac1,774). Multiple regression analysis showed an independent association between total costs and obesity, male sex, number of hospitalizations related to diabetes, permanent disability, macrovascular complications, and both micro- and macrovascular complications. Our findings confirm both the high economic cost associated with type II diabetes and the direct relationship between the costs of the disease and the presence of obesity, male sex, hospitalizations related to diabetes, permanent disability and chronic complications.\n      </p>", "Introduction Although cost-utility analyses are frequently used to estimate treatment outcomes for type 2 diabetes, utilities are not available for key medication-related attributes. The purpose of this study was to identify the utility or disutility of diabetes medication-related attributes (weight change, gastrointestinal side effects, fear of hypoglycemia) that may influence patient preference. Methods Patients with type 2 diabetes in Scotland and England completed standard gamble (SG) interviews to assess utility of hypothetical health states and their own current health state. The EQ-5D, PGWB, and Appraisal of Diabetes Symptoms were administered. Construct validity and differences among health states were examined with correlations, t-tests, and ANOVAs. Results A total of 129 patients (51 Scotland; 78 England) completed interviews. Mean utility of diabetes without complications was 0.89. Greater body weight was associated with disutility, and lower body weight with added utility (e.g., 3% higher = -0.04; 3% lower = +0.02). Gastrointestinal side effects and fear of hypoglycemia were associated with significant disutility (p &lt; 0.001). SG utility of current health (mean = 0.87) demonstrated construct validity through correlations with patient-reported outcome measures (r = 0.08-0.31). Discussion The vignette-based approach was feasible and useful for assessing added utility or disutility of medication-related attributes.\n      </p>", "Background: Studies have demonstrated ubiquitous human exposure to persistent organic pollutants (POPs) such as p,p'-diphenyldichloroethene (DDE) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Although there is considerable evidence that POP exposures are associated with prevalent diabetes, these studies do not establish causality because the cross-sectional study design does not allow for assessment of temporality of the exposure-disease association. Prospective studies, however, have been lacking. Objectives: This study was designed to determine whether POP body burdens are related to incidence of diabetes in a cohort of Great Lakes sport fish consumers. Methods: The cohort was established in the early 1990s and followed through 2005. We tested serum for DDE and PCB congeners and assessed diabetes diagnosis, demographics, and fish consumption. Associations of diabetes with exposures were examined prospectively in participants without diabetes in 1994-1995, followed through 2005. Annual percent changes in DDE and PCB-132/153 from 1994 to 2005 were examined by diabetes status. Results: DDE exposure was associated with incident diabetes. Incident diabetes was not associated with mono-ortho PCB-118, total PCBs, or years of sport fish consumption. Annual percent change in DDE and PCB-132/153 did not differ significantly by diabetes status. Conclusions: This study demonstrates an association between DDE exposure and incident diabetes. The findings of an association of DDE with incident diabetes and the lack of effect of diabetes on annual percent change in POPs do not support the hypothesis that associations of POPs with diabetes are attributable to reverse causality. Additional studies should address the biological pathways by which DDE could affect glucose homeostasis.\n      </p>", "To compare the effect of potentially modifiable lifestyle factors on the incidence of vascular disease in women with and without diabetes. In 1996-2001 over one million middle-aged women in the UK joined a prospective study, providing medical history, lifestyle and sociodemographic information. All participants were followed for hospital admissions and deaths using electronic recordlinkage. Adjusted relative risks (RRs) and incidence rates were calculated to compare the incidence of coronary heart disease and stroke in women with and without diabetes and by lifestyle factors. At recruitment 25,915 women (2.1% of 1,242,338) reported current treatment for diabetes. During a mean follow-up of 6.1 years per woman, 21,928 had a first hospital admission or death from coronary heart disease ( RR for women with versus without diabetes = 3.30, 95% CI 3.14-3.47) and 7,087 had a first stroke (RR = 2.47, 95% CI 2.24- 2.74). Adjusted incidence rates of these conditions in women with diabetes increased with duration of diabetes, obesity, inactivity and smoking. The 5-year adjusted incidence rates for cardiovascular disease were 4.6 (95% CI 4.4-4.9) per 100 women aged 50-69 in non-smokers with diabetes, 5.9 (95% CI 4.6- 7.6) in smokers with diabetes not using insulin and 11.0 (95% CI 8.3- 14.7) in smokers with diabetes using insulin. Nonsmoking women with diabetes who were not overweight or inactive still had threefold increased rate for coronary disease or stroke compared with women without diabetes. Of the modifiable factors examined in middle aged women with diabetes, smoking causes the greatest increase in cardiovascular disease, especially in those with insulin treated diabetes.\n      </p>", "Background: Control of blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), and Ale can lower the risk for diabetes complications. These quality indicators often are examined separately and weighted equally in performance measurement, potentially discarding important information. Objectives: We sought to create a composite indicator of the clinical benefit, or value, of diabetes risk factor control that appropriately weights the clinical importance of Ale, LDL-c, and blood pressure, and to test its usability for quality measurement. Methods: The combined value of control for 3 diabetes risk factors, measured by predicted quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), was compared in diabetes patients (n = 129,236 in 2001; n = 185,006 in 2003) in Kaiser Permanente Northern California across 16 medical center populations in 2001 and 2003 using hierarchical linear regression to adjust for case-mix differences. Patient-level QALYs, simulated from risk factor and case-mix variables in a Markov model, was the main outcome variable. Results: There was significant cross-sectional variability in average case-mix adjusted QALYs for diabetes patients across centers in 2003. QALYs increased from 2001 to 2003 as the result of improved risk factor control; longitudinal improvements in QALYs also showed variation across centers. Regression analyses demonstrated the greater impact of blood pressure versus LDL-c or Ale control on QALYs, and the greater value of risk factor control in those with poor versus near or in-control blood pressure. Conclusion: Using predicted QALYs to measure value holds promise as a sensitive composite indicator for quality measurement. Complex, evidence-based quality indicators such as these can potentially provide accurate and useful information to health plans, providers, and consumers.\n      </p>", "Anthropologists have begun to publish ethnographic accounts of policy-making, but few have studied medical or health matters, despite broad acceptance in anthropology that \"biopower\" permeates contemporary societies. This article presents some findings from an ethnographic study of how diabetes gained recognition as a pressing public health problem in Canada. It underlines the importance of statistics for constituting power within and across nation states. Statistics imbricate people and things distributed across vast distances, but they still need to be generated and invoked by individuals to engender effects-as illustrated in this article by the contributions of researchers, aboriginal leaders, and an American actress, Mary Tyler Moore-in this case, the development of Canadian government policies justified in the name of averting and controlling diabetes. To make sense of these findings, subtle differences between two concepts coined by Michel Foucault, \"biopower\" and \"governmentality,\" seem significant.\n      </p>", "Since World War II, diabetes has become one of the most common serious diseases among Native Americans. Rates of diabetes and its complications, which include premature death, renal failure, and limb amputation, are substantially higher among Native Americans than among the US general population, and the frequency of diabetes among Native Americans is increasing. Several potentially modifiable factors, including obesity, dietary composition, and physical inactivity, are thought to be contributing to these high rates. The potential benefit from prevention of diabetes is considerable, and a population-based approach may be the most effective way of achieving sustainable lifestyle changes among Native Americans. Estimation of the social and economic costs of diabetes and assessment of the marginal costs and benefits of various diabetes control measures can support resource allocation decisions aimed at improving the health of Native American people.\n      </p>", "Objective: To examine the association of health status with stage along the diabetes continuum. Design, setting and participants: Self-reported health status (SF-36) was assessed in the North West Adelaide Health Study, a representative population cohort (n = 4060) aged 18 years and over in metropolitan South Australia. Impaired fasting glucose (IFG), undiagnosed diabetes, diagnosed diabetes, glycaemic control and cardiovascular disease were determined from fasting blood and self-reported data. Results: The prevalence of diagnosed diabetes was 5.6% (95% CI: 4.9\u20146.3), with an additional 1.0% (95% CI: 0.7\u20141.4) previously undiagnosed. When compared to those with normal glucose, those with diabetes were significantly impaired on all SF-36 dimensions except Mental Health, and those with IFG (4.3%) were significantly impaired in terms of Physical Functioning and Bodily Pain when controlling for the effects of age, sex and cardiovascular disease. Poor glycaemic control (HbAlc \u2264 7.0%) was also associated with impaired health status. Conclusions: Health status is impaired not only among those with diagnosed diabetes but also those with IFG and undiagnosed diabetes.\n      </p>", "NF-\u03baB is a transcription factor implicated in pathological responses that develop during diabetes mellitus, including skeletal muscle atrophy. Given that NF-\u03baB activation, protein composition, and content within diabetic skeletal muscle remain generally uncharacterized, a streptozotocin (STZ) model was used to assess NF-\u03baB activation, composition, and content. Sprague-Dawley rats were injected with STZ (55 mg/kg) and after 30 days the soleus (SOL), plantaris (PL), red gastrocnemius (RG), and white gastrocnemius (WG) muscles were assessed by electrophoresis mobility shift assay and western blotting. NF-\u03baB activation was detected in all muscles examined, but was reduced in RG muscles from diabetic animals. Supershifts indicated NF-\u03baB was composed primarily of p50 in diabetic and control animals. The content of both p65 and p52 was elevated in SOL and PL muscles, while p52 was decreased in RG. The coactivating protein, Bcl-3, was increased in WG and RG, but decreased in PL. Both p50 and RelB remained unchanged in all tissues examined. All muscles from diabetic animals demonstrated reduced mass when compared to controls, but only the gastrocnemius demonstrated atrophy as reflected by a reduced muscle-to-body mass ratio. In conclusion, diabetic alterations to the contents and activation of the NF-\u03baB protein were tissue-specific, but did not appear to alter dimer composition of constitutively bound NF-\u03baB. These results indicate that diabetes may alter NF-\u03baB activity and expression in a muscle-specific manner.\n      </p>", "Background: Population studies suggest that persons with diabetes are more sensitive to the effects of particulate matter (PM) air pollution. However, the biological mechanisms of a possible prothrombotic effect underlying this enhanced susceptibility remain largely unknown. Objective: We hypothesized that exposure to PM causes prothrombotic changes in persons with diabetes, possibly via systemic inflammation. Methods: Our study included 137 nonsmoking adults with diabetes who were outpatients at the University Hospital Leuven. Recent exposure (2 hr before examination) to ambient PM was measured at the entrance of the hospital. Individual chronic exposure to PM was assessed by measuring the area occupied by carbon in airway macrophages obtained by sputum induction. Platelet function was measured ex vivo with the PFA-100 platelet function analyzer, which simulates a damaged blood vessel; we analyzed the function of platelets in primary hemostasis under high shear conditions. Total and differential blood leukocytes were counted. Results: Independent of antiplatelet medication, an interquartile range (IQR) increase of 39.2 \u03bcg/m\u00b3 in PM\u2081\u2080 (PM with aerodynamic diameter \u2264 10 \u03bcm) concentration measured 2 hr before the clinical examination (recent exposure) was associated with a decrease of 21.1 sec [95% confidence interval (CI), -35.3 to -6.8] in the PFA-100 closure time (i.e., increased platelet activation) and an increase in blood leukocytes of 512 per microliter of blood (95% CI, 45.2-979). Each area increase of 0.25 \u03bcm\u00b2 (IQR) in carbon load of airway macrophages (chronic exposure) was associated with an increase of 687 leukocytes per microliter of blood (95% CI, 224-1,150). Conclusions: A relevant increase in recent PM exposure was associated with a change in platelet function toward a greater prothrombotic tendency. The magnitude of the change was about two-thirds (in the opposite direction) of the average effect of antiplatelet medication. Diabetic patients showed evidence of proinflammatory response to both recent and chronic exposure to PM air pollution.\n      </p>", "The epidemiology of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus was evaluated to determine the degree to which the disease results from environmental agents and therefore might be prevented. The results of research indicate that insulin dependent diabetes can be produced in animal models by environmental factors, there are major geographical variations in diabetes, certain populations have shown rapid changes in incidence over time, migrants appear to take on the risk of diabetes in their new country, and certain viruses and chemicals cause insulin dependent diabetes in humans. The results of genetic and epidemiological studies also show that at least 60% of insulin dependent diabetes world wide, and perhaps over 95%, is environmentally determined and thus potentially avoidable. It is concluded that the primary worldwide determinants of diabetes are environmental not immunogenetic and that identifying and altering the diabetogenic environmental factor(s) are likely to be more effective and less risky in preventing insulin dependent diabetes than current immunogenetic approaches.\n      </p>", "Background: The objective of this descriptive study is to investigate the incidence of type 2 diabetes in sentinel general practices in three regions in Belgium and to describe the patient characteristics and the start of the medical management after diagnosis. Methods: For two successive years all patients who were newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes were registered. Two weeks after inclusion, the registering physician completed an extensive questionnaire. This questionnaire dealt with risk factors, biochemical parameters, existing complications and treatment. Results: According to this study, the yearly incidence of type 2 diabetes in Belgium is 231 per 100, 000 inhabitants. Though the biochemical parameters (BMI, HbA1c, serum cholesterol and triglycerides) do not differ in the three regions of the country being investigated, there are considerable differences in the treatment prescribed for diabetes and its co-morbidity. In Flanders, treatment is usually started with sulphonylurea, in the Walloon provinces with biguanides. Hypolipaemic treatment is also started more frequently in the latter region. In Flanders, hypertension is registered in 51.4% of the newly diagnosed patients with diabetes, which is higher than in the other regions. However, no difference is noted between the different regions in the number of patients with diabetes who are treated for hypertension. Conclusion: A network of sentinel physicians, taking part in voluntary registration, can be helpful in calculating the incidence of a health problem, in particular type 2 diabetes in general practice. The sentinel net can also serve as an instrument for describing patient characteristics and showing how physicians deal with health problems. The regional differences in medical approach that are described require further investigation, mainly with respect to their impact on the patients' outcome.\n      </p>", "Chronic arsenic exposure has been suggested to contribute to diabetes development. We performed a systematic review of the experimental and epidemiologic evidence on the association of arsenic and type 2 diabetes. We identified 19 in vitro studies of arsenic and glucose metabolism. Five studies reported that arsenic interfered with transcription factors involved in insulin-related gene expression: upstream factor 1 in pancreatic \u03b2-cells and peroxisome proliferative-activated receptor \u03b3 in preadipocytes. Other in vitro studies assessed the effect of arsenic on glucose uptake, typically using very high concentrations of arsenite or arsenate. These studies provide limited insight on potential mechanisms. We identified 10 in vivo studies in animals. These studies showed inconsistent effects of arsenic on glucose metabolism. Finally, we identified 19 epidemiologic studies (6 in high-arsenic areas in Taiwan and Bangladesh, 9 in occupational populations, and 4 in other populations). In studies from Taiwan and Bangladesh, the pooled relative risk estimate for diabetes comparing extreme arsenic exposure categories was 2.52 (95% confidence interval, 1.69-3.75), although methodologic problems limit the interpretation of the association. The evidence from occupational studies and from general populations other than Taiwan or Bangladesh was inconsistent. In summary, the current available evidence is inadequate to establish a causal role of arsenic in diabetes. Because arsenic exposure is widespread and diabetes prevalence is reaching epidemic proportions, experimental studies using arsenic concentrations relevant to human exposure and prospective epidemiologic studies measuring arsenic biomarkers and appropriately assessing diabetes should be a research priority.\n      </p>", "Background: Performance of diabetes clinical care processes has improved recently, but control of hemoglobin Alc (Alc) and other vascular disease risk factors has improved more slowly. Objectives: To identify patient factors associated with control of vascular disease risk factors among diabetes patients receiving recommended care processes. Population: Managed care enrollees who participated in the TRIAD (Translating Research into Action for Diabetes) Study and received at least 5 of 7 recommended care processes during the 12 months before the second survey (2002-2003). Methods: Comparison of 1003 patients with good control of Ale (&lt;8%), systolic blood pressure (&lt;140 mm Hg) and LDL-cholesterol (&lt;130 mg/dL) versus 812 patients with poor control for at least 2 of these factors. Results: Poorly controlled patients were younger, more frequently female, African American, with lower education and income (P &lt;0.001 for each). General health status was lower, body mass index higher, and insulin treatment more frequent; history of prior coronary heart disease was less frequent. They were more likely to indicate depression and hopelessness and to identify costs as a barrier to self-care; less likely to report trust in their regular physician; and more likely to smoke cigarettes and be physically inactive. Adjusting for demographic and clinical variables, concerns about costs, low trust in one's physician, current smoking, and physical inactivity remained associated with poor control. However, inclusion of these 4 variables in a single model did not diminish associations of race/ethnicity or education with control. Conclusions: Clinical, socioeconomic, psychosocial, and behavioral factors were independently associated with poor control. However, these factors did not fully explain observed racial and socioeconomic disparities in control.\n      </p>", "We propose that type 2 diabetes results from a vicious cycle of metabolically induced inflammation, impaired insulin responsiveness, and subsequent loss of homeostatic signaling. A crucial and previously under-recognized event contributing to this loss of homeostasis is a reduction in heat shock proteins (HSPs, or stress proteins). The central causal pathways of this cycle are the following: (a) obesity-driven inflammation promotes insulin resistance; (b) impaired insulin signaling in turn reduces the expression of HSPs, leaving tissues vulnerable to damage and allowing the accumulation of harmful proteins aggregates; and (c) resulting damage to the pancreatic beta-cell leads to further losses in insulin signaling, while a decline in anti-inflammatory HSPs allows inflammation to expand unhindered. Obesity and sedentary lifestyle perpetuate this cycle, while dieting and exercise forestall it by raising HSPs, reducing inflammation, and improving insulin signaling. Because HSP expression carries substantial metabolic costs, it is likely that an evolutionary history of high activity levels and resource scarcity selected for more conservative HSP expression than is appropriate for our current environment of caloric abundance.\n      </p>", "In this study, Social Learning Theory was used to generate psychosocial predictors of regimen adherence among persons with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Four categories of predictors were formed: knowledge, expectancies, skills, and environmental suuport. Persons with IDDM (84 adults and 23 adolescents) completed measures within each predictor category on two occasions, separated by 6 months. Multimethod assessment procedures (self-monitoring, interviews, mechanical devices) were used to measure adherence to four aspects of the IDDM regimen: insulin injections, glucose testing, diet, and exercise. Bivariate analyses demonstrated that measures of expectancies and environmental support were reliably related to several adherence behaviors. In particular, self-efficacy expectations were related to adherence across almost all regimen areas for both adolescents and adults. Skills were also important, though only for adolescents, whereas regimen knowledge was unrelated to adherence for either adults or adolescents. Multivariate analyses showed that expectancies were consistently predictive of adherence and that, in general, psychosocial variables were better predictors of insulin administration and glucose testing than of diet or exercise. The implications of these findings for diabetes education programs are discussed.\n      </p>", "The recent development of small-molecule tyrosine kinase (TK) inhibitors offers increasing opportunities for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. In this study, we investigated the potential of this new class of drugs to treat and cure type 1 diabetes (T1D) in the NOD mouse. Treatment of prediabetic and new onset diabetic mice with imatinib (Gleevec) prevented and reversed T1D. Similar results were observed with sunitinib (Sutent), an additional approved multikinase inhibitor, suggesting that the primary target of imatinib, c-Abl, was not essential in blocking disease in this model. Additional studies with another TK inhibitor, PLX647 (targeting c-Kit and c-Fms) or an anti-c-Kit mAb showed only marginal efficacy whereas a soluble form of platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR), PDGFR\u03b2Ig, rapidly reversed diabetes. These findings strongly suggest that inhibition of PDGFR is critical to reverse diabetes and highlight a crucial role of inflammation in the development of T1D. These conclusions were supported by the finding that the adaptive immune system was not significantly affected by imatinib treatment. Finally, and most significantly, imatinib treatment led to durable remission after discontinuation of therapy at 10 weeks in a majority of mice. Thus, long-term efficacy and tolerance is likely to depend on inhibiting a combination of tyrosine kinases supporting the use of selective kinase inhibitors as a new, potentially very attractive approach for the treatment of T1D.\n      </p>", "Background: Diabetes is a leading cause of death and disability in the US and is twice as common among Hispanic Americans as non-Hispanics. The societal costs of diabetes provide an impetus for developing tools that can improve patient care and delay or prevent diabetes complications. Methods: We implemented a feasibility study of a Computerized Adaptive Test (CAT) to measure diabetes impact using a sample of 103 English- and 97 Spanish-speaking patients (mean age = 56.5, 66.5% female) in a community medical center with a high proportion of minority patients (28% African-American). The 37 items of the Diabetes Impact Survey were translated using forward\u2014backward translation and cognitive debriefing. Participants were randomized to receive either the full-length tool or the Diabetes-CAT first, in the patient's native language. Results: The number of items and the amount of time to complete the survey for the CAT was reduced to one-sixth the amount for the full-lenght tool in both languages, across disease severity. Confirmatory Factor Analysis confirmed that the Diabetes Impact Survey is unidimensional. The Diabetes-CAT demonstrated acceptable internal consistency reliability, construct validity, and discriminant validity in the overall sample, although subgroup analyses suggested that the English sample data evidenced higher levels of reliability and validity than the Spanish sample and issues with discriminant validity in the Spanish sample. Differential Item Function analysis revealed differences in responses tendencies by language group in 3 of the 37 items. Participant interviews suggested that the Spanish-speaking patients generally preferred the paper survey to the computer-assisted tool, and were twice as likely to experience difficulties understanding the items. Conclusions: While the Diabetes-CAT demonstrated clear advantages in reducing respondent burden as compared to the full-length tool, simplifying the item bank will be necessary for enhancing the feasibility of the Diabetes-CAT for use with low literacy patients.\n      </p>", "Objective: To determine whether tight control of blood pressure prevents macrovascular and microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes. Design: Randomised controlled trial comparing tight control of blood pressure aiming at a blood pressure of &amp;lt; 150/85 mm Hg (with the use of an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor captopril or a \u03b2 blocker atenolol as main treatment) with less tight control aiming at a blood pressure of &amp;lt; 180/105 mm Hg. Setting: 20 hospital based clinics in England, Scotland, and Northern Ireland. Subjects: 1148 hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes (mean age 56, mean blood pressure at entry 160/94 mm Hg); 758 patients were allocated to tight control of blood pressure and 390 patients to less tight control with a median follow up of 8.4 years. Main outcome measures: Predefined clinical end points, fatal and non-fatal, related to diabetes, deaths related to diabetes, and all cause mortality. Surrogate measures of microvascular disease included urinary albumin excretion and retinal photography. Results: Mean blood pressure during follow up was significantly reduced in the group assigned tight blood pressure control (144/82 mm Hg) compared with the group assigned to less tight control (154/87 mm Hg) (P &amp;lt; 0.0001). Reductions in risk in the group assigned to tight control compared with that assigned to less tight control were 24% in diabetes related end points (95% confidence interval 8% to 38%) (P = 0.0046), 32% in deaths related to diabetes (6% to 51%) (P = 0.019), 44% in strokes (11% to 65%) (P = 0.013), and 37% in microvascular end points (11% to 56%) (P = 0.0092), predominantly owing to a reduced risk of retinal photocoagulation. There was a non-significant reduction in all cause mortality. After nine years of follow up the group assigned to tight blood pressure control also had a 34% reduction in risk in the proportion of patients with deterioration of retinopathy by two steps (99% confidence interval 11% to 50%) (P = 0.0004) and a 47% reduced risk (7% to 70%) (P = 0.004) of deterioration in visual acuity by three lines of the early treatment of diabetic retinopathy study (ETDRS) chart. After nine years of follow up 29% of patients in the group assigned to tight control required three or more treatments to lower blood pressure to achieve target blood pressures. Conclusion: Tight blood pressure control in patients with hypertension and type 2 diabetes achieves a clinically important reduction in the risk of deaths related to diabetes, complications related to diabetes, progression of diabetic retinopathy, and deterioration in visual acuity.\n      </p>", "Background: Patients with diabetes frequently are hospitalized, and quality of inpatient care for diabetes is of great concern. Rehospitalization after hospital discharge is a frequent adverse outcome experienced by patients with diabetes. Objectives: We assessed the frequency of and risk factors for rehospitalization among all Philadelphia residents with diabetes. Methods: Individual histories of hospitalization were ascertained from hospital discharge summaries for Philadelphia residents ages 25-84 who had at least 1 diabetes hospitalization from 1994 through 2001. Logistic regression was used to assess predictors of nonelective rehospitalization within 30 days of discharge, including recording of diabetes diagnosis. Results: Nonelective rehospitalizations within 30 days of hospital discharge were ascertained for 58,308 (20.0%) of 291,752 discharges. The proportion rehospitalized was 9.4% after a patient's first diabetes diagnosis hospitalization; after later discharges for which a diabetes diagnosis was not recorded, rehospitalizations occurred in 30.6% of all cases. The absence of a diabetes diagnosis was a highly significant predictor of rehospitalization after adjustment for age, year, gender, race/ethnicity, insurance status, admission type, severity code, length of stay, discharge status, and number of previous hospitalizations. Conclusion: Failure to record a diabetes diagnoses in administrative hospital discharge data may reflect lack of attention to the critical needs of patients with diabetes who are being treated for other conditions, whereas the attention to patient education and follow-up planning for patients with incident diabetes diagnoses may reduce the risk of rehospitalization.\n      </p>", "In this prospective study, we examined changes in renal function during 6 years of follow-up in relation to baseline lead levels, diabetes, and hypertension among 448 middle-age and elderly men, a subsample of the Normative Aging Study. Lead levels were generally low at baseline, with mean blood lead, patella lead, and tibia lead values of 6.5 \u03bcg/dL, 32.4 \u03bcg/g, and 21.5 \u03bcg/g, respectively. Six percent and 26% of subjects had diabetes and hypertension at baseline, respectively. In multivariate-adjusted regression analyses, longitudinal increases in serum creatinine (SCr) were associated with higher baseline lead levels but these associations were not statistically significant. However, we observed significant interactions of blood lead and tibia lead with diabetes in predicting annual change in SCr. For example, increasing the tibia lead level from the midpoints of the lowest to the highest quartiles (9-34 \u03bcg/g) was associated with an increase in the rate of rise in SCr that was 17.6-fold greater in diabetics than in nondiabetics (1.08 mg/dL/10 years vs. 0.062 mg/dL/10 years; p &lt; 0.01). We also observed significant interactions of blood lead and tibia lead with diabetes in relation to baseline SCr levels (tibia lead only) and follow-up SCr levels. A significant interaction of tibia lead with hypertensive status in predicting annual change in SCr was also observed. We conclude that longitudinal decline of renal function among middle-age and elderly individuals appears to depend on both long-term lead stores and circulating lead, with an effect that is most pronounced among diabetics and hypertensives, subjects who likely represent particularly susceptible groups.\n      </p>", "To evaluate the impact of a recently developed, non-invasive risk score predictive for type 2 diabetes on the incidence and mortality of cardiovascular diseases and specific types of cancer. A total of 23,455 participants from the population-based European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam study aged 35-65 years and free of diabetes and major chronic diseases at baseline (1994-1998) were followed through 2006 for incident myocardial infarction, stroke, types of cancer, and death. Risk score points were assigned to each participant based on age, waist circumference, height, physical activity, history of hypertension, smoking, alcohol consumption, and intake of red meat, whole-grain bread, and coffee. Hazard ratios (HRs) were estimated by Cox regression models. In age-and sexadjusted analyses, participants with a high risk score (5-year probability to develop diabetes \u2265 10%) had significantly higher risks of myocardial infarction (HR 2.7, 95% CI 1.5-5.0) and stroke (1.9, 1.0-3.6), but not of colon, breast or prostate cancer incidence, than those with a low score (5-year probability &lt; 1%). In addition, participants with a high risk score had considerably higher risks of cardiovascular (HR 4.6, 95% CI 2.3-9.4), cancer (1.7, 1.1-2.7), and total mortality (2.4,1.8-3.4), the latter being equivalent to a difference in life expectancy of 13 years. These data indicate that a risk score predictive for type 2 diabetes is also related to elevated risks of myocardial infarction, stroke, and premature death in apparently healthy individuals and emphasize the need for early intervention in high-risk individuals.\n      </p>", "Background The association between diabetes and cancer incidence has been well documented, but relatively little research has been undertaken on the potential influence of diabetes on cancer survival and the research that is available has produced inconsistent results. Because Indigenous Australians have a high prevalence of diabetes, we assessed survival, stratified by diabetes, among Indigenous Australian cancer patients. We also assessed survival, stratified by diabetes, amongst a cohort of non-Indigenous Australian cancer patients. Methods All-cause survival and cancer-specific survival in diabetic versus non-diabetic cancer patients were assessed in Indigenous and non-Indigenous cohorts separately, using proportional hazards models. Findings Indigenous cancer patients with diabetes (n = 140) had an overall survival disadvantage compared to Indigenous cancer patients without diabetes (n = 675) with all-cause Hazard Ratio (HR) = 1.4 (95% CI 1.1\u20131.8) adjusted for age, sex, and cancer site. After further adjustment to take into account the greater number of noncancer deaths and co-morbidities in Indigenous cancer patients with diabetes, and their later stage at cancer diagnosis with less cancer treatment, there was no residual difference in cancer-specific survival compared to Indigenous cancer patients without diabetes (cancer-specific HR = 1.0, 95% CI 0.8, 1.3). Fewer non-Indigenous cancer patients had diabetes (n = 52) and they showed no differences in survival compared to their counterparts without diabetes. Interpretation The poorer survival of Indigenous Australian cancer patients with diabetes was due to more noncancer deaths, later stage at cancer diagnosis, less cancer treatment, and more co-morbidities than Indigenous Australian cancer patients without diabetes. In contrast, diabetes did not appear to affect survival in non-Indigenous Australians with cancer, either because there were too few to detect a moderate deleterious effect or because there was no association. Understanding the relation between diabetes and cancer treatment and survival is important because both diabetes and cancer are relatively common diseases, increasingly likely to co-exist.\n      </p>", "Objective The prevalence of obesity and associated cardiometabolic risk factors such as diabetes, hyperlipidemia and hypertension is increasing significantly for all demographic groups. Research design and methods The 2000 and 2002 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS), a nationally representative survey of the U.S. population, was used to estimate the marginal impact of obesity on health function, perception, and preferences for individuals with diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and hypertension using multivariate regression methods controlling for age, sex, race, ethnicity, education, income, insurance, smoking status, comorbidity, and proxy response. Three different instruments were used: SF-12 physical component scale (PCS-12) and mental component scale (MCS-12); EQ-5D index and visual analogue scale (VAS). Censored least absolute deviation was used for the EQ-5D and VAS (due to censoring) and ordinary least squares (OLS) was used for the PCS-12 and MCS-12. Results After controlling for sociodemographic characteristics, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and hypertension were associated with significantly lower scores compared to normal weight individuals without the condition for all four instruments. Obesity significantly exacerbated this association. Controlling for comorbidity attenuated the negative association of obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors on instrument scores. In addition, scores decreased for increasing weight and number of risk factors. Conclusions Obesity significantly exacerbates the deleterious association between diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and hypertension, and health function, health perception, and preference-based scores in the United States.\n      </p>", "To mimic events and molecules involved in type 1 insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (T1D), we previously designed a transgenic (tg) mouse model where the viral nucleoprotein (NP) gene of lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus (LCMV) was expressed in the thymus to delete high affinity antiself (virus) T cells and in insulin-producing \u03b2 cells of the islets of Langerhans. Such tg mice, termed RIP-LCMV, fail to spontaneously develop diabetes. In contrast, when these mice are challenged with LCMV, they develop diabetes as they display hyperglycemia, low to absent levels of pancreatic insulin, and abundant mononuclear cell infiltrates in the islets. However, expressing the adenovirus early region (E3) gene in \u03b2 cells along with the LCMV transgene aborted the T1D. The present study utilizes this combined tg model (RIP LCMV \u00d7 RIP E3) to define the requirement(s) of either pro-apoptotic TNF and Fas pathways or MHC class I up-regulation on \u03b2 cells for virus-induced T1D. Inhibitors to either pathway (TNF/Fas or MHC class I) are encoded in the E3 gene complex. To accomplish this task either the E3 region encoding the inhibitors of TNF and Fas pathways or the region encoding gp-19, a protein that inhibits transport of MHC class I molecules out of the endoplasmic reticulum were deleted in the RIP LCMV \u00d7 RIP E3 model. Thus only the gp-19 is required to abort the virus-induced T1D. In contrast, removal of TNF- and Fas-pathway inhibitory genes had no effect on E3-mediated prevention of T1D.\n      </p>", "KLF11 (TIEG2) is a pancreas-enriched transcription factor that has elicited significant attention because of its role as negative regulator of exocrine cell growth in vitro and in vivo. However, its functional role in the endocrine pancreas remains to be established. Here, we report, for the first time, to our knowledge, the characterization of KLF11 as a glucose-inducible regulator of the insulin gene. A combination of random oligonucleotide binding, EMSA, luciferase reporter, and chromatin immunoprecipitation assays shows that KLF11 binds to the insulin promoter and regulates its activity in beta cells. Genetic analysis of the KLF11 gene revealed two rare variants (Ala347Ser and Thr220Met) that segregate with diabetes in families with early-onset type 2 diabetes, and significantly impair its transcriptional activity. In addition, analysis of 1,696 type 2 diabetes mellitus and 1,776 normoglycemic subjects show a frequent polymorphic Gln62Arg variant that significantly associates with type 2 diabetes mellitus in North European populations (OR = 1.29, P = 0.00033). Moreover, this variant alters the corepressor mSin3A-binding activity of KLF11, impairs the activation of the insulin promoter and shows lower levels of insulin expression in pancreatic beta cells. In addition, subjects carrying the Gln62Arg allele show decreased plasma insulin after an oral glucose challenge. Interestingly, all three nonsynonymous KLF11 variants show increased repression of the catalase 1 promoter, suggesting a role in free radical clearance that may render beta cells more sensitive to oxidative stress. Thus, both functional and genetic analyses reveal that KLF11 plays a role in the regulation of pancreatic beta cell physiology, and its variants may contribute to the development of diabetes.\n      </p>", "Background: Epidemiologic studies suggest that there may be an association between environmental exposure to persistent organic pollutants (POPs) and diabetes. Objective: The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that residential proximity to POP-contaminated waste sites result in increased rates of hospitalization for diabetes. Methods: We determined the number of hospitalized patients 25-74 years of age diagnosed with diabetes in New York State exclusive of New York City for the years 1993-2000. Descriptive statistics and negative binomial regression were used to compare diabetes hospitalization rates in individuals who resided in ZIP codes containing or abutting hazardous waste sites containing POPs (\"POP\" sites); ZIP codes containing hazardous waste sites but with wastes other than POPs (\"other\" sites); and ZIP codes without any identified hazardous waste sites (\"clean\" sites). Results: Compared with the hospitalization rates for diabetes in clean sites, the rate ratios for diabetes discharges for people residing in POP sites and \"other\" sites, after adjustment for potential confounders were 1.23 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.15-1.32] and 1.25 (95% CI, 1.16-1.34), respectively. In a subset of POP sites along the Hudson River, where there is higher income, less smoking, better diet, and more exercise, the rate ratio was 1.36 (95% CI, 1.26-1.47) compared to clean sites. Conclusions: After controlling for major confounders, we found a statistically significant increase in the rate of hospitalization for diabetes among the population residing in the ZIP codes containing toxic waste sites.\n      </p>", "Background: Performance assessments help to quantify the level of adherence with practice standards and are often used to measure and compare the quality of care. However, most performance assessments are based on a cross-sectional analysis of patient information, whereas patient care is inherently longitudinal. This discordance could confound the relationship between the performance measure and the true quality of care. Objective: The objective of this study was to illustrate differences in performance assessment as measured by a traditional crosssectional analysis compared with a longitudinal analysis. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis of a cohort of diabetic patients in an integrated delivery system having primary care visits and hemoglobin Alc (HBAlc) testing in both 1999 and 2000. Results: In the cross-sectional analysis of 4661 patients, we found a modestly increasing proportion achieved an HBAlc level of &lt;8.0%: 73.1% in 1999 and 75.6% in 2000. Longitudinal analysis, however, suggested that certain subsets of patients were more likely to switch from good to poor control or retain their level of poor control over the 2 years studied. In particular, compared with whites, blacks were 1.76 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.31-2.37) times as likely to switch from good to poor control and only 0.56 (95% CI, 0.41-0.76) times as likely to switch from poor to good control. Patients aged 35 to 49 were 2.54 (95% CI, 1.79-3.45) times as likely to switch from good to poor and only 0.66 (95% CI, 0.47-0.94) times as likely to switch from poor to good control than patients over age 64 years. Conclusions: Cross-sectional performance assessments could mask changes in diabetes control among individuals belonging to a cohort and, conceptually, are poorer indicators of care process than longitudinal measures. In addition, longi analyses suggest the influence of patient sociodemographic factors on the performance assessment that should be accounted for when comparing quality of care for diabetes.\n      </p>", "Diabetes prevalence in arseniasis-hyperendemic villages in Taiwan has been reported to be significantly higher than in the general population. The aim of this cohort study was to further evaluate the association between ingested inorganic arsenic and the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in these villages. A total of 446 nondiabetic residents in these villages were followed biannually by oral glucose tolerance test. Diabetes is defined as a fasting plasma glucose level \u2265 7.8 mmol/L and/or a 2-hr post-load glucose level \u2265 11.1 mmol/L. During the follow-up period of 1499.5 person-years, 41 cases developed diabetes, showing an overall incidence of 27.4/1,000 person-years. The incidence of diabetes correlated with age, body mass index, and cumulative arsenic exposure. The multivariate-adjusted relative risks were 1.6, 2.3, and 2.1 for age \u2265 55 versus &lt; 55 years, a body mass index \u2265 25 versus &lt; 25 kg/ m&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;, and a cumulative arsenic exposure \u2265 17 versus &lt; 17 mg/L-years, respectively. The incidence density ratios (95% confidence intervals) between the hyperendemic villages and the two nonendemic control townships were 3.6 (3.5-3.6), 2.3 (1.1-4.9), 4.3 (2.4-7.7), and 5.5 (2.2-13.5), respectively, for the age groups of 35-44, 45-54, 55-64, and 65-74 years. The findings are consistent with our previous cross-sectional observation that ingested inorganic arsenic is diabetogenic in human beings.\n      </p>", "A risk score model was developed based in a population of 1,224 individuals from the general population without known diabetes aging 35 years or more from an urban Brazilian population sample in order to select individuals who should be screened in subsequent testing and improve the efficacy of public health assurance. External validation was performed in a second, independent, population from a different city ascertained through a similar epidemiological protocol. The risk score was developed by multiple logistic regression and model performance and cutoff values were derived from a receiver operating char acteristic curve. Model's capacity of predicting fasting blood glucose levels was tested analyzing data from a 5-year follow-up protocol conducted in the general population. Items independently and significantly associated with diabetes were age, BMI and known hypertension. Sensitivity, specificity and proportion of further testing necessary for the best cutoff value were 75.9, 66.9 and 37.2%, respectively. External validation confirmed the model's adequacy (AUC equal to 0.72). Finally, model score was also capable of predicting fasting blood glucose progression in non-diabetic individuals in a 5-year follow-up period. In conclusion, this simple diabetes risk score was able to identify individuals with an increased likelihood of having diabetes and it can be used to stratify subpopulations in which performing of subsequent tests is necessary and probably cost-effective.\n      </p>", "Adopting dietary lifestyle changes for diabetes management is often difficult for patients; yet the health-related quality of life (HRQOL) outcomes of dietary management for the patient are not extensively developed in the HRQOL assessments now widely used in diabetes research. This study developed a preliminary instrument, the diabetes dietary satisfaction and outcomes measure, to assess outcomes of individuals' experiences in following a meal plan for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. A theoretical framework and preliminary focus group data guided the design of a 47-item questionnaire, administered to 239 patients with type 2 diabetes. Medical file data was obtained on 180 of these patients. Fifty-four percent of respondents were women, with mean age of 64 \u00b1 12 years and diabetes duration of 10 \u00b1 8 years. Scores for the satisfaction and other outcome measures discriminated between patient groups by age, gender, medication use, depression diagnosis, meal plan status, and employment status. Significant correlations also occurred with diet adherence, number of co-morbidities, and glycemic control as measured by glycolated hemoglobin $({\\rm HbA}_{1{\\rm c}})$ . Future research with additional patient samples is needed to refine the measure for use in diabetes education programs.\n      </p>", "Diabetes is a common disease, which frequently leads to serious, high-cost complications. Estimates show that in fiscal year 1994 (FY94), 12.5% of outpatients in the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) received diabetes-specific medications, accounted for almost 25% of all VHA pharmacy costs, had a hospitalization rate 1.6 times that of veterans without diabetes, and made 3.6 million outpatient visits to VA clinics. Research demonstrates that much of the mortality and morbidity associated with diabetes can be prevented, and rigorous evidence-based guidelines have been developed. The short-term objectives of the Quality Enhancement Research Initiative for Diabetes Mellitus (QUERI-DM) are to (1) gather baseline information on how current VHA diabetes care differs from the VHA guidelines, (2) develop an efficient, validated system for monitoring key diabetes quality standards in the VHA, (3) evaluate the effectiveness of current approaches to diabetes care and the success of guideline implementation initiatives, and (4) initiate 2 to 4 large-scale quality improvement projects to enhance adherence to practice guidelines and evaluate their impact on patient outcomes, including quality of life.\n      </p>", "Objective: The purposes of this study were to determine the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Trabzon city of Turkey and to identify appropriate risk factors for gestational diabetes in pregnant mothers. Research design and methods: Eight hundred and seven adult pregnant women were screened for GDM with a 1-hour, 50 g oral glucose challenge test (GCT). Three-hour, 100 g oral glucose tolerance tests (GTTs) were performed on screen-positive women. Results: Of the 807 pregnancies screened, 59 (7.3%) had an initial oral GCT result of \u2265 140 mg/dl. Diagnostic testing with the oral GTT was performed on the 59 screen-positive gravid women. Of those tested, 10 were diagnosed with GDM on the basis of greater \u2265 2 criteria over 3 hours, for a prevalence of 1.23%. Significant associations were found between age, body mass index (BMI) and GDM positivity (p &lt; 0.01 and p &lt; 0.05; respectively). The prevalence of GDM was associated with diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and weeks' gestation (p &lt; 0.05). There was no significant association between increased BMI, systolic blood pressure, number of pregnancies and GDM positivity. In addition, the birth weights of the babies born to mothers with GDM were significantly higher than those of the non-diabetic healthy mothers' babies (p &lt; 0.001). Conclusions: The prevalence of GDM in a Turkish population was low. The prevalence of GDM showed an increase with the ages of pregnant women, gestational age and DBP. This study demonstrates that the universal screening for GDM is not mandatory in our pregnant population. The cost of universal screening may be prohibitive in our population. Large prospective studies are needed to better analyze outcome data and efficacy of screening in adult pregnancies.\n      </p>", "Diabetes is one of the most prevalent noncommunicable disease globally and it is one of the leading cause for death in most developed countries. The current population-based study aim was to describe to the epidemiology of diabetes in Israel by using our HMO's automated medical databases. All diabetic patients appearing in the diabetes registry among 1.6 million insured members in the second largest HMO in Israel were selected for epidemiological analysis. We identified 39,768 diabetic patients (crude prevalence rate of 2.6%). Higher age-specific prevalence rates were recorded among males. The highest age-specific prevalence rate of diabetes was calculated for men aged 75 and above (18.1%). A rise in the prevalence and mortality rates was recorded between 1999 and 2001 female (from 1.9 to 2.8 per 100,000) and for men (from 2.3 to 3.8 per 100,000). The current study demonstrates the potential of using large automated medical and administrative databases to determine the epidemiology of chronic disease, such as diabetes. The rise in the prevalence and mortality of diabetes patients has important implication for Israeli health authorities and should be seriously regarded.\n      </p>", "The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of hypothyroidism and diabetes mellitus (DM) in elderly (aged 65-92 years) kibbutz members in Northern Israel. Method: The medical records of 1096 elderly (642 females and 454 males) residing in 11 kibbutzim were reviewed for data regarding thyroid function tests (TSH and FT4) and fasting blood glucose. Fasting blood glucose levels above 7.8 mmol/l was considered diagnostic for diabetes mellitus. Results: The prevalence of hypothyroidism was 14% (9.7% in males and 18.2% in females) and that of DM was 11.5% (12.1% in males and 11.1% in females). In 74% of the diabetics the diagnosis was made after the age of 60 years. Distribution of treatment modalities in diabetics was as follows: diet only 42%, oral hypoglycemic agents 52% and Insulin 6%. Subclinical hypothyroidism (serum TSH levels above 4.5 mU/L with normal FT4 levels) was detected in 38% of all the hypothyroid subjects. Conclusion: The data suggest that diabetes mellitus and primary hypothyroidism are common disorders in elderly subjects. DM in the elderly can usually be handled with diet and oral hypoglycemic drugs. Since the clinical features of hypothyroidism in the elderly are often atypical, we suggest that elderly subjects should be screened for hypothyroidism.\n      </p>", "Objective: To determine whether tight control of blood pressure with either a \u03b2 blocker or an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor has a specific advantage or disadvantage in preventing the macrovascular and microvascular complications of type 2 diabetes. Design: Randomised controlled trial comparing an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (captopril) with a \u03b2 blocker (atenolol) in patients with type 2 diabetes aiming at a blood pressure of &amp;lt; 150/&amp;lt; 85 mm Hg. Setting: 20 hospital based clinics in England, Scotland, and Northern Ireland. Subjects: 1148 hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes (mean age 56 years, mean blood pressure 160/94 mm Hg). Of the 758 patients allocated to tight control of blood pressure, 400 were allocated to captopril and 358 to atenolol. 390 patients were allocated to less tight control of blood pressure. Main outcome measures: Predefined clinical end points, fatal and non-fatal, related to diabetes, death related to diabetes, and all cause mortality. Surrogate measures of microvascular and macrovascular disease included urinary albumin excretion and retinopathy assessed by retinal photography. Results: Captopril and atenolol were equally effective in reducing blood pressure to a mean of 144/83 mm Hg and 143/81 mm Hg respectively, with a similar proportion of patients (27% and 31%) requiring three or more antihypertensive treatments. More patients in the captopril group than the atenolol group took the allocated treatment: at their last clinic visit, 78% of those allocated captopril and 65% of those allocated atenolol were taking the drug (P &amp;lt; 0.0001). Captopril and atenolol were equally effective in reducing the risk of macrovascular end points. Similar proportions of patients in the two groups showed deterioration in retinopathy by two grades after nine years (31% in the captopril group and 37% in the atenolol group) and developed clinical grade albuminuria \u2265 300 mg/l (5% and 9%). The proportion of patients with hypoglycaemic attacks was not different between groups, but mean weight gain in the atenolol group was greater (3.4 kg v 1.6 kg). Conclusion: Blood pressure lowering with captopril or atenolol was similarly effective in reducing the incidence of diabetic complications. This study provided no evidence that either drug has any specific beneficial or deleterious effect, suggesting that blood pressure reduction in itself may be more important than the treatment used.\n      </p>", "Background: Older persons with diabetes are heterogeneous with respect to life expectancy and frailty, and new guidelines recommend individualizing care. Objectives: (1) To describe variation in the preferences of older patients with diabetes regarding aggressiveness of glycemic control and avoiding diabetic complications. (2) To determine correlates of patient preferences and physician treatment goals. (3) To assess whether physicians' goals were consistent with their patients' preferences. Research Design: Cross-sectional surveys and chart reviews in urban academic clinics. Subjects: Four hundred seventy-three patients with diabetes age 65 or older and 64 physicians. Measures: Patient preferences (utilities on a scale from 0 to 1, 0 = death, 1 = perfect health) for diabetic complications and intensity of treatment, and physician target treatment goals and ratings of aggressiveness of approach. Results: Eighty percent of the patients were African American, 63% were women, average age was 73.7 \u00b1 5.9 years and 26% expected to live 5 years or less. Patient preferences/utilities showed significant variation: blindness 0.39 (SD, 0.32), lower leg amputation 0.45 (0.34), conventional treatment 0.76 (0.27), and intensive insulin treatment 0.64 (0.32). Physicians' hemoglobin Ale goal was \u22647% in 69% of patients. Greater estimated patient life expectancy was consistently associated with higher patient utilities and was associ- ated with physicians' willingness to use aggressive treatments. Physicians' treatment goals and approaches were associated with patients' utilities for treatment. Conclusions: Older patients vary greatly in their preferences regarding diabetic complications and treatments. Acknowledging patient preferences, along with life goals and prognostic data, may improve quality of treatment decisions.\n      </p>", "Objectives: To estimate the economic efficiency of tight blood pressure control, with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or \u03b2 blockers, compared with less tight control in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes. Design: Cost effectiveness analysis incorporating within trial analysis and estimation of impact on life expectancy through use of the within trial hazards of reaching a defined clinical end point. Use of resources driven by trial protocol and use of resources in standard clinical practice were both considered. Setting: 20 hospital based clinics in England, Scotland, and Northern Ireland. Subjects: 1148 hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes from UK prospective diabetes study randomised to tight control of blood pressure (n = 758) or less tight control (n = 390). Main outcome measure: Cost effectiveness ratios based on (a) use of healthcare resources associated with tight control and less tight control and treatment of complications and (b) within trial time free from diabetes related end points, and life years gained. Results: Based on use of resources driven by trial protocol, the incremental cost effectiveness of tight control compared with less tight control was cost saving. Based on use of resources in standard clinical practice, incremental cost per extra year free from end points amounted to \u00a31049 (costs and effects discounted at 6% per year) and \u00a3434 (costs discounted at 6% per year and effects not discounted). The incremental cost per life year gained was \u00a3720 (costs and effects discounted at 6% per year) and \u00a3291 (costs discounted at 6% per year and effects not discounted). Conclusions: Tight control of blood pressure in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes substantially reduced the cost of complications, increased the interval without complications and survival, and had a cost effectiveness ratio that compares favourably with many accepted healthcare programmes.\n      </p>", "Context: In December 2005, in characterizing diabetes as an epidemic, the New York City Board of Health mandated the laboratory reporting of hemoglobin A1C laboratory test results. This mandate established the United States' first population-based registry to track the level of blood sugar control in people with diabetes. But mandatory A1C reporting has provoked debate regarding the role of public health agencies in the control of noncommunicable diseases and, more specifically, both privacy and the doctor-patient relationship. Methods: This article reviews the rationale for adopting the rule requiring the reporting of A1C test results, experience with its implementation, and criticisms raised in the context of the history of public health practice. Findings: For many decades, public health agencies have used identifiable information collected through mandatory laboratory reporting to monitor the population's health and develop programs for the control of communicable and noncommunicable diseases. The registry program sends quarterly patient rosters stratified by A1C level to more than one thousand medical providers, and it also sends letters, on the provider's letterhead whenever possible, to patients at risk of diabetes complications (A1C level &gt;9 percent), advising medical follow-up. The activities of the registry program are similar to those of programs for other reportable conditions and constitute a joint effort between a governmental public health agency and medical providers to improve patients' health outcomes. Conclusions: Mandatory reporting has proven successful in helping combat other major epidemics. New York City's A1C Registry activities combine both traditional and novel public health approaches to reduce the burden of an epidemic chronic disease, diabetes. Despite criticism that mandatory reporting compromises individuals' right to privacy without clear benefit, the early feedback has been positive and suggests that the benefits will outweigh the potential harms. Further evaluation will provide additional information that other local health jurisdictions may use in designing their strategies to address chronic disease.\n      </p>", "Objective To assess the associations between birth weight or gestational age and risk of type 1 diabetes. Design Population based cohort study by record linkage of the medical birth registry and the National Childhood Diabetes Registry. Setting Two national registries in Norway. Participants All live births in Norway between 1974 and 1998 (1 382 602 individuals) contributed a maximum of 15 years of observation, a total of 8 184 994 person years of observation in the period 1989 to 1998. 1824 children with type 1 diabetes were diagnosed between 1989 and 1998. Main outcome measures Estimates of rate ratios with 95% confidence intervals for type 1 diabetes from Poisson regression analyses. Results The incidence rate of type 1 diabetes increased almost linearly with birth weight. The rate ratio for children with birth weights 4500 g or more compared with those with birth weights less than 2000 g was 2.21 (95% confidence interval 1.24 to 3.94), test for trend P = 0.0001. There was no significant association between gestational age and type 1 diabetes. The results persisted after adjustment for maternal diabetes and other potential confounders. Conclusion There is a relatively weak but significant association between birth weight and increased risk of type 1 diabetes consistent over a wide range of birth weights.\n      </p>", "Background: Increasing evidence suggests that high selenium levels are associated with diabetes and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Objectives: We evaluated the association of serum selenium concentrations with fasting plasma glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin levels, and diabetes in the most recently available representative sample of the U. S. population. Methods: We used a cross-sectional analysis of 917 adults &gt; 40 years of age who had a fasting morning blood sample in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004. We evaluated the association of serum selenium, measured by inductively coupled plasma-dynamic reaction cell-mass spectrometry, and diabetes, defined as a self-report of current use of hypoglyc\u00e9mie agents or insulin or as fasting plasma glucose &gt; 126 mg/dL. Results: Mean serum selenium was 137.1 ug/L. The multivariable adjusted odds ratio [95% confidence interval (CI)] for diabetes comparing the highest quartile of serum selenium (&gt; 147 ug/L) with the lowest (&lt; 124 ug/L) was 7.64 (3.34-17.46). The corresponding average differences (95% CI) in fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin were 9.5 mg/dL (3.4\u2014 15.6 mg/dL) and 0.30% (0.14-0.46%), respectively. In spline regression models, the prevalence of diabetes as well as glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin levels increased with increasing selenium concentrations up to 160 ug/L. Conclusions: In U. S. adults, high serum selenium concentrations were associated with higher prevalence of diabetes and higher fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin levels. Given high selenium intake in the U. S. population, further research is needed to determine the role of excess selenium levels in the development or the progression of diabetes.\n      </p>", "Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is an autoimmune disease in which immune cells, notably T lymphocytes, target and kill the insulin-secreting pancreatic beta cells. Elevated blood-sugar levels and full-blown diabetes result once a large enough fraction of these beta cells has been destroyed. Recent investigation of T1D in animals, namely nonobese diabetic (NOD) mice, has revealed large cyclic fluctuations in the levels of T cells circulating in the blood, weeks before the onset of diabetes [J. D. Trudeau, C. Kelly-Smith, C. B. Verchere, J. F. Elliott, J. P. Dutz, D. T. Finegood, P. Santamaria, and R. Tan, J. Clin. Invest, 111 (2003), pp. 217-223], but the mechanism for these oscillations is unclear. We here describe a mathematical model for the immune response that suggests a possible explanation for the cyclic pattern of behavior. We show that cycles similar to those observed experimentally can occur when activation of T cells is an increasing function of self-antigen level, whereas the production of memory cells declines with that level. Our model extends previous theoretical work on T-cell dynamics in T1D [A. F. M. Mar\u00e9e, P. Santamaria, and L. Edelstein-Keshet, Int. Immunol., 18 (2006), pp. 1067-1077], and leads to interesting nonlinear dynamics, including Hopf and homoclinic bifurcations in biologically reasonable regimes of parameters. The model leads to the following explanation for cycles: High rates of beta-cell death, and corresponding elevation of self-antigen, shut off memory-cell production, leading to a gap in the population of activated T cells. Once peptide has been cleared by nonspecific mechanisms, the memory pool is renewed, and the cyclic behavior results.\n      </p>", "Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) plays an important role in the pathogenesis of obesity-driven type 2 diabetes mellitus and associated cardiovascular complications. Here, we show that perturbation of caveolar microdomains leads to insulin resistance and concomitant up-regulation of PAI-1 in 3T3L1 adipocytes. We present several lines of evidence showing that the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) pathway negatively regulates PAI-1 gene expression. Insulin-induced PAI-1 gene expression is up-regulated by a specific inhibitor of PI3K. In addition, serum PAI-1 level is elevated in protein kinase B\u03b1-deficient mice, whereas it is reduced in p70 ribosomal S6 kinase 1-deficient mice. The PI3K pathway phosphorylates retinoblastoma protein (pRB), known to release free E2 (adenoviral protein) factor (E2F), which we have previously demonstrated to be a transcriptional repressor of PAI-1 gene expression. Accordingly, cell-penetrating peptides that disrupt pRB-E2F interaction, and thereby release free E2F, are able to suppress PAI-1 levels that are elevated during insulin-resistant conditions. This study identifies a caveolar-dependent signal pathway that up-regulates PAI-1 in insulin-resistant adipocytes and proposes a previously undescribed pharmacological paradigm of disrupting pRB-E2F interaction to suppress PAI-1 levels.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To reanalyze in a similar manner the two principal studies of TCDD (tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin) and diabetes in an attempt to reconcile disparate results. Methods\u2014Data from 990 United States Air Force veterans (Ranch Hand) and 1275 referents were reanalyzed, and a NIOSH population of 267 chemical workers and 227 referents. The Ranch Hand veterans had lower concentrations of lipid adjusted serum TCDD (median 12 parts per trillion (ppt)) than the NIOSH workers (median 75 ppt) when examined in the late 1980s. An analysis was conducted of the combined data sets, adopting a uniform approach to outcome definition, data analysis, and covariate control. Results\u2014The combined exposed groups did not differ markedly from the combined non-exposed groups for prevalence of diabetes (odds ratio (OR) 1.17, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.92 to 1.48), with no evidence of heterogeneity of exposure effect between studies. Also virtually no difference was found between combined exposed and non-exposed groups in mean fasting serum glucose (difference in log serum glucose 0.002, 95% CI \u22120.006 to 0.010), and there was little evidence in either study of a dose-response trend for fasting serum glucose. An increasing trend was found (p=0.0001) in prevalence of diabetes with increased TCDD (at the time of examination or at time of last exposure) among the Ranch Hand population, with excess risk largely confined to the highest 8% of the exposed group (&gt;78 ppt serum TCDD), which had an OR of 3.21 (95% CI 1.81 to 5.72) versus those with &lt;10 ppt TCDD. However, no such positive dose-response was found in the NIOSH population. Conclusions\u2014There was little overall evidence that the exposed workers were at higher risk than the non-exposed workers of diabetes or abnormal fasting glucose. However, the Ranch Hand subjects showed a positive dose-response for diabetes, whereas the more highly exposed NIOSH subjects did not. The reason for the difference in diabetes dose-response trends between the two studies is unknown.\n      </p>", "'Zeeburg', a multiethnic town borough in the Amsterdam-East region, has one of the city's highest rates of immigrants. In the total population of 19,825 Surinam (mainly Creole), Turkish, Moroccan, and Dutch adults the prevalence of known type 2 diabetes in 1994 and of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) between January 1992 and January 1997 was investigated. Based on World Health Organization (WHO) criteria of 1985, the age-standardized prevalence of type 2 diabetes was similar in men (6.4%; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 5.6-7.2) and women (6.4%; 95% CI: 5.8-7.0) for all ethnic groups combined. However, the age- and sex-standardized prevalence of type 2 diabetes was significantly greater in the non-Dutch inhabitants than in the Dutch inhabitants (17.3% [95% CI: 12.9-21.6] in Surinam inhabitants, 10.9% [95% CI: 9.7-12.2] in Turkish inhabitants, 12.4% [95% CI: 9.7-15.0] in Moroccan inhabitants, and 3.6% [95% CI: 3.2-3.9] in Dutch inhabitants). The odds ratios for type 2 diabetes for the separate immigrant groups relative to the Dutch group were 5.88 (95% CI: 4.54-7.69) for Surinam inhabitants, 4.00 (95% CI: 2.86-5.55) for Turkish inhabitants, and 4.17 (95% CI: 3.03-5.55) for Moroccan inhabitants. GDM was present in 2.59% of women of non-Dutch origin compared with 0.62% of women of Dutch origin. A significant positive association was found between the non-Dutch origin and the occurrence of GDM ( $\\chi ^{2}=6.7$ ; p &lt;0.01). The study highlights a high prevalence of known type 2 diabetes and GDM in the immigrant inhabitants and emphasizes that appropriate interventions are necessarily with implications for health targets and capitation based budgets.\n      </p>", "T-lymphocytes may preferentially differentiate towards a Th1 subtype, which is thought to be involved in the autoimmune aspects of diabetes, or a Th2 subtype, which is thought to mediate allergic disease. The activation of one subtype is thought to inhibit the other. To determine if diabetes is less common among those with allergic disease, consistent with the postulated TH1/Th2 paradigm, we used data from the 2000-2001 Canadian Community Health Survey of those at least 12 years of age from 125,159 households. Diabetes requiring insulin was reported in 1% whether or not allergies were reported. The crude odds ratio between diabetes and allergies for the entire population was 1.06 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.90, 1.24). Adjusted for household size, number of bedrooms, immigrant status, income adequacy, educational level, smoking status, alcohol drinking status, regular exercise, and age, there was a positive association between allergy and diabetes with an odds ratio of 1.25 (95% CI: 1.06, 1.49). These results do not provide evidence for the existence of the Th1/Th2 paradigm as a determinant of disease patterns in the general population.\n      </p>", "Context: Health care organizations use many strategies to influence physician behavior and the care delivered, but the effect of such strategies on quality is not known. Objective: We sought to assess the influence of practice management strategies and financial arranges on the quality of diabetes care. Design: This was a retrospective cohort study including medical record reviews and a physician survey. Participants: Patients with diabetes mellitus (n = 652) enrolled in 3 health plans located in Minnesota and 399 physicians in 135 practices who cared for them participated in this study. Main Outcome Measure: Our main outcome measures was a quality score indicating receipt of care in accordance with 6 accepted quality indicators. Results: The mean quality score was 2.4 (SD 1.2) on a 6-point scale. Only a small proportion of the variation in quality was attributed to characteristics of physicians' practices (5%). Quality scores tended to be higher for patients whose physicians received quality performance reports or utilization profiles from more than 1 source (P = 0.08), routinely enrolled diabetic patients in disease-management programs (P = 0.06), or received diabetes-specific reports (P = 0.06). Quality scores were lower for patients whose physicians were paid according to fee-for-service compared with salary (P = 0.04) and served as gatekeepers for &gt;50% of their patients (P = 0.06). However, these findings were all of borderline statistical significance, and the absolute differences in quality were small. Conclusions: Current practice management strategies and financial arrangements have a limited impact on the quality of care for patients with diabetes. These findings suggest that other strategies may be necessary for health care organizations to improve care for patients with diabetes.\n      </p>", "Objective: To determine the level of diabetes-related symptom distress and its association with negative mood in subjects participating in a targeted population-screening program, comparing those identified as having type 2 diabetes vs. those who did not. Research design and methods: This study was conducted within the framework of a targeted screening project for type 2 diabetes in a general Dutch population (age 50-75 years). The study sample consisted of 246 subjects, pre-selected on the basis of a high-risk profile; 116 of whom were subsequently identified as having type 2 diabetes, and 130 who were non-diabetic subjects. Diabetes-related symptom distress and negative mood was assessed \u223c2 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months after the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes, with the Type 2 Diabetes Symptom Checklist and the Negative well-being sub scale of the Well-being Questionnaire (W-BQ12), respectively. Results: Screening-detected diabetic patients reported significantly greater burden of hyperglycemic (F = 6.0, df = 1, p = 0.015) and of fatigue (F = 5.3, df = 1, p = 0.023) symptoms in the first year following diagnosis type 2 diabetes compared to non-diabetic subjects. These outcomes did not change over time. The total symptom distress (range 0-4) was relatively low for both screening-detected diabetic patients (median at \u223c2 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months; 0.24, 0.24, 0.29) and non-diabetic subjects (0.15, 0.15, 0.18), and not significantly different. No average difference and change over time in negative well-being was found between screening-detected diabetic patients and non-diabetic subjects. Negative well-being was significantly positive related with the total symptom distress score (regression coefficient \u03b2 = 2.86, 95% CI 2.15-3.58). Conclusions: The screening-detected diabetic patients were bothered more by symptoms of hyperglycemia and fatigue in the first year following diagnosis type 2 diabetes than non-diabetic subjects. More symptom distress is associated with increased negative mood in both screening-detected diabetic patients and non-diabetic subjects.\n      </p>", "Background: The survival benefit of statins in nontrial populations of persons with diabetes is unknown. Objective: We sought to determine all-cause mortality in fiscal year 2001 (FY01) after statin initiation in FY 99 and/or FY00 in individuals with diabetes in the Veterans Healthcare Administration (VHA). Methods: Using a retrospective longitudinal cohort analysis, we analyzed 201,102 veterans with diabetes from 104 VHA facilities with medical, pharmacy, and laboratory information from VHA and Medicare databases. Patients with statin exposure, defined as having medication possession coverage &gt;50% of eligible days in FY99 and/or FY00, were characterized as initiators if no statin prescription was found in FY98. Otherwise, they were characterized as continuing users. We defined 4 statin exposure groups: FY99 only, FY00 only, both FY99 and 00, and neither year. All-cause mortality was determined in FY01. Propensity score matched comparisons were used to corroborate results from mixed effects logistic models. Results: FY01 mortality was no different between FY99-only initiators and the nonexposure group (odds ratio [OR] = 1.08, P = 0.429). In contrast, FY00-only and FY99-00 initiator groups showed odds ratio of 0.75 (P &lt; 0.0001) and 0.71 (P &lt; 0.0001), respectively. There was a similar benefit for continuing users. Propensity analysis demonstrated consistent findings. Increased statin adherence from &gt;50% to &gt;75% was associated with increased benefit (OR = 0.71, P &lt; 0.0001 versus OR = 0.62, P = 0.0002). Conclusions: One to 2-year statin exposure is associated with a 25% to 29% risk reduction in all-cause mortality of the subsequent year in a high-risk diabetes cohort.\n      </p>", "Background. Black Americans with diabetes have a higher burden of illness and mortality than do white Americans. However, the extent to which differences in medical care processes and treatment intensity contribute to poorer diabetes outcomes is unknown. Objective. To assess racial disparities in the quality of diabetes care processes, intermediate outcomes, and treatment intensity. Methods. We conducted an observational study of 801 white and 115 black patients who completed the Diabetes Quality Improvement Project survey (response rate = 72%) in 21 Veterans Affairs (VA) facilities using survey data; medical record information on receipt of diabetes services (A1c, low-density lipoprotein [LDL], nephropathy screen, and foot and dilated eye examinations), and intermediate outcomes (glucose control measured by A1c; cholesterol control measured by LDL; and achieved level of blood pressure); and pharmacy data on filled prescriptions. Results. There were no racial differences in receipt of an A1c test or foot examination. Blacks were less likely than whites to have LDL checked in the past 2 years (72% vs. 80%, P &lt;0.05) and to have a dilated eye examination (50% vs. 63%, P &lt;0.01). Even after adjusting for patients' age, education, income, insulin use, diabetes self-management, duration, severity, comorbidities, and health services utilization, racial disparities in receipt of an LDL test and eye examination persisted. After taking into account the nested structure of the data using a random intercepts model, blacks remained significantly less likely to have LDL testing than whites who received care within the same facility (68% vs. 83%, P &lt;0.01). In contrast, there were no longer differences in receipt of eye examinations, suggesting that black patients were more likely to be receiving care at facilities with overall lower rates of eye examinations. After adjusting for patient characteristics and facility effects, black patients were substantially more likely than whites to have poor cholesterol control (LDL \u2265130) and blood pressure control (BP \u2265140/90 mm Hg) (P &lt;0.01). Among those with poor blood pressure and lipid control, blacks received as intensive treatment as whites for these conditions. Conclusions. We found racial disparities in some diabetes care process and intermediate outcome quality measures, but not in intensity of treatment for those patients with poor control. Disparities in receipt of eye examinations were the result of black patients being more likely to receive care at lower-performing facilities, whereas for other quality measures, racial disparities within facilities were substantial.\n      </p>", "Objectives: There is a growing epidemiologic literature suggesting an inverse association between history of diabetes and risk of incident prostate cancer. To our knowledge, the relationship between diabetes and tumor features and risk of recurrence among men with prostate cancer has not been examined previously. We hypothesized that men with diabetes would present with more favorable prostate cancer and experience lower risk of recurrence. Methods: We identified 691 men with diabetes at the time of prostate cancer diagnosis, among 6722 men diagnosed with prostate cancer in 1989 to 2002 within CaPSURE\u2122, a community-based prostate cancer registry study. We compared clinical and socio-demographic variables by diabetes status, using \u03c7\u2072 tests, t-tests, and multinomial logistic regression. We examined recurrence rates for prostate cancer among patients with and without diabetes using Kaplan-Meier log-rank tests and Cox proportional hazard models. Results: In multivariate analyses, history of diabetes was not associated with any diagnostic clinical parameter, and treatment-specific recurrence rates for prostate cancer generally did not differ by diabetes history. Among men with low-prognostic risk or who were younger at prostate cancer diagnosis, being diabetic (versus not) was associated with an elevated risk of recurrence after radiation therapy, in multivariate analyses. Conclusions: Contrary to data suggesting that diabetes may be modestly protective against risk of incident prostate cancer, we did not observe any evidence of an inverse association between history of diabetes and aggressiveness at diagnosis or risk of recurrence, in this population of men with prostate cancer.\n      </p>", "The purpose of the study was to find out which of five Quality of life (QoL) questionnaires are reliable and valid for evaluating the QoL in German patients with type 2 diabetes: the Diabetes Treatment Satisfaction Questionnaire (DTSQ), the Well-Being Questionnaire (WBQ), the Short Form SF36 of the Medical Outcome Study (SF36), the Diabetes39 and the Quality of Life with Diabetes (LQD) questionnaire. A stratified sample of 144 patients who were attending one of nine special hospitals for people with diabetes at the time of the study were given the questionnaires twice. Most of the scales of the questionnaires had internal consistencies (\u03b1) of above 0.80 as recommended; the retest reliabilities were lower, especially for scales evaluating satisfaction with levels of blood sugar and treatment in general. A factor analysis of all scale scores yielded four factors: (1) physical aspects, (2) well-being and satisfaction, (3) diabetes-specific stress, and (4) treatment satisfaction. Construct validity showed frequency of hypoglycemias, neuropathies, treatment with insulin and number of late complications to have a negative impact on QoL scores. No single questionnaire covered all relevant aspects of the QoL of subjects with type 2 diabetes. Thus, quality of life in diabetic people should be evaluated with scales representing the cognitive dimensions found in this study so as not to miss significant aspects.\n      </p>", "Objective To estimate the associations of maternal and paternal age at delivery and of birth order with the risk of childhood onset type 1 diabetes. Design Cohort study by record linkage of the medical birth registry and the national childhood diabetes registry in Norway. Setting Norway. Subjects All live births in Norway between 1974 and 1998 (1.4 million people) were followed for a maximum of 15 years, contributing 8.2 million person years of observation during 1989-98. 1824 cases of type 1 diabetes diagnosed between 1989 and 1998 were identified. Main outcome measures Incidence of type 1 diabetes. Results There was no association between maternal age at delivery and type 1 diabetes among firstborn children, but among fourthborn children there was a 43.2% increase in incidence of diabetes for each five year increase in maternal age (95% confidence interval 6.4% to 92.6%). Each increase in birth order was associated with a 17.9% reduction in incidence (3.2% to 30.4%) when maternal age was 20-24 years, but the association was weaker when maternal age was 30 years or more. Paternal age was not associated with type 1 diabetes after maternal age was adjusted for. Conclusions Intrauterine factors and early life environment may influence the risk of type 1 diabetes. The relation of maternal age and birth order to risk of type 1 diabetes is complex.\n      </p>", "The aim of this study was to estimate annual incidence rate of type 1 diabetes according to the levels of genetic susceptibility provided by HLA-DQA1 and HLA-DQB1 genotypes. Two information sources were used: (1) a population-based incidence study in which 61 incident cases were ascertained during 1 year in Santiago, Chile (incidence rate: 4.11 cases per 100,000 children per year) and (2) a case-control comparison of 57 cases (recruited from the incidence study) and 125 controls. Susceptibility alleles were defined as DQA1*0301 and DQA1*0501 for DQA1 gene and alleles DQB1*0201 and DQB1*0302 for DQB1 gene. In DQA1 gene, the highest point estimate of the incidence rate was calculated for the genotype DQA1*0501/DQA1*0501 (33.04 cases per 100,000 children aged less than 15 years old and per year; 95% CI: 9.22-118.33). In the DQB1 gene, the highest risk was estimated for the genotype DQB1*0201/DQB1*0201 (20.35 cases per 100,000 children aged less than 15 years old and per year; 95% CI: 5.26-78.67). This study shows an application on how a transformation of the logistic equation based on Bayes' theorem can be used to estimate incidence rates from case-control studies and population-based incidence rates.\n      </p>", "Recent epidemiologic studies suggest a possible association between dioxin-like compounds (DLCs) and diabetes in human populations, although experimental links between DLCs and diabetes are lacking. The public health significance of such an association is that all populations are exposed to small but measurable levels of DLCs, chronic low-dose exposure to which may hasten the onset of adult-onset diabetes in susceptible individuals. In this article, we review the epidemiologic studies and propose biologically plausible connections between dioxins and diabetes. Specifically, we suggest that aryl hydrocarbon (Ah) receptor functions may antagonize peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) functions, and hence that the Ah receptor may promote diabetogenesis through a mechanism of PPAR antagonism.\n      </p>", "Objective: We present results from a large, population-based cohort study in Sweden, where we assessed ovarian cancer risk among patients hospitalized for diabetes mellitus. Methods: The cohort was composed of patients identified in the Swedish In-Patient Register as having a hospital discharge diagnosis of diabetes mellitus in 1965-1994. The follow-up was done by linkages with the national cancer register and other population-based registers. Standardized incidence ratios (SIR) were used as a measure of relative risk. Results: After exclusion of the first year of follow-up (to avoid selection bias), 141,627 women remained in the cohort, contributing 865,746 years of follow-up to the study. The overall SIR for ovarian cancer was 0.97 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87-1.08). We found no difference in the risk estimates among women who had been hospitalized for classic complications of diabetes and for those who had not, or according to the duration of follow-up. Women above 40 years of age at first hospitalization presented a SIR of 0.96 (95% CI 0.85-1.07). Conclusions: Our study provides evidence of lack of an association between diabetes mellitus and ovarian cancer.\n      </p>", "The apparent immune-suppressive effect of ultraviolet radiation (UVR) has suggested that this environmental exposure may influence the development of immune-related disorders. Self-reported prevalence rates of type 1 diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis (RA), eczema/dermatitis, and asthma, from the 1995 Australian National Health Survey, were therefore examined by latitude and ambient level of UVR. A positive association of type 1 diabetes mellitus prevalence was found with both increasing southern latitude of residence (r = 0.77; p = 0.026) and decreasing regional annual ambient UVR (r = -0.80; p = 0.018); a 3-fold increase in prevalence from the northernmost region to the southernmost region was evident. In contrast, asthma correlated negatively with latitude (r = -0.72; p = 0.046), although the change in asthma prevalence from the north to the south of Australia was only 0.7-fold. For both RA and eczema/dermatitis, there were no statistically significant associations between latitude/UVR and disease prevalence. These ecologic data provide some support for a previously proposed beneficial effect of UVR on T-helper 1-mediated autoimmune disorders such as type 1 diabetes. The inverse association of type 1 diabetes prevalence with UVR is consistent with that previously reported for another autoimmune disease, multiple sclerosis, in Australia, and also with type 1 diabetes latitudinal gradients in the Northern Hemisphere. The finding also accords with photoimmunologic evidence of UVR-induced immunosuppression and may suggest a beneficial effect of UVR in reducing the incidence of such autoimmune conditions. In light of this study, analytic epidemiologic studies investigating risk of immune disorders in relation to personal UVR exposure in humans are required.\n      </p>", "Background: Among patients with chronic medical conditions, unrelated conditions are often undertreated. Objective: To compare the quality of diabetes care delivered to diabetic patients with and without cancer in a large regional integrated delivery system. Design: Observational cohort study using propensity score methods to control for baseline differences between diabetic patients with and without a history of cancer. Subjects: A total of 5773 Kaiser Northern California members with diabetes and previous cancer and 23,092 members with diabetes and no previous cancer. Measures: Nine measures of diabetes technical quality and clinical outcomes in 2003. Results: Relative to diabetic patients without cancer, those with cancer had higher adjusted rates of HbAlc testing (66.3% vs. 64.4%; P = 0.02), HbAlc control (73.4% vs. 70.9%; P &lt; 0.001), and urine microalbumin testing (59.1% vs. 55.2%; P &lt; 0.001) but lower rates of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol control (40.7% vs. 42.2%; P = 0.02) and statin use if LDL &gt; 100 mg/dL (76.7% vs. 80.6%; P &lt; 0.001). The groups had similar rates of LDL cholesterol testing, dilated retinal examinations, blood pressure control, and angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor use for hypertension (all P \u2265 0.20). Conclusions: Despite the potential for cancer-related services to compete with delivery of diabetes care, diabetic patients with cancer received care of generally similar quality relative to diabetic patients without cancer in this integrated delivery system. Nevertheless, the quality of diabetes care delivered to all patients could be improved, particularly the control of LDL cholesterol and blood pressure. Combining data from electronic disease registries has the potential for monitoring quality of care delivered to patients with more than 1 major medical illness.\n      </p>", "There is evidence indicating that ingestion of arsenic may predispose the development of diabetes mellitus in arsenic-endemic areas in Taiwan. However, the prevalence of diabetes and related vascular diseases in the entire southwestern arseniasis-endemic and nonendemic areas remains to be elucidated. We used the National Health Insurance Database for 1999-2000 to derive the prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes and related vascular diseases by age and sex among residents in southwestern arseniasis-endemic and nonendemic areas in Taiwan. The study included 66,667 residents living in endemic areas and 639,667 in nonendemic areas, all \u2265 25 years of age. The status of diabetes and vascular diseases was ascertained through disease diagnosis and treatment prescription included in the reimbursement claims of clinics and hospitals. The prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes, age- and gender-adjusted to the general population in Taiwan, was 7.5% (95% confidence interval, 7.4-7.7%) in the arseniasis-endemic areas and 3.5% (3.5-3.6%) in the nonendemic areas. Among both diabetics and nondiabetics, higher prevalence of microvascular and macrovascular diseases was observed in arseniasis-endemic than in the nonendemic areas. Age- and gender-adjusted prevalence of microvascular disease in endemic and nonendemic areas was 20.0% and 6.0%, respectively, for diabetics, and 8.6% and 1.0%, respectively, for nondiabetics. The corresponding prevalence of macrovascular disease was 25.3% and 13.7% for diabetics, and 12.3% and 5.5% for nondiabetics. Arsenic has been suggested to increase the risk of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and its related micro- and macrovascular diseases.\n      </p>", "Objective The aim of this study was to test the validity and reliability of the Turkish version of the diabetes quality of life (DQOL) questionnaire for use with patients with diabetes. Methods Turkish version of the generic quality of life (QoL) scale 15D and DQOL, socio-demographics and clinical parameter characteristics were administered to 150 patients with type 2 diabetes. Study participants were randomly sampled from the Endocrinology and Diabetes Outpatient Department of Dr. Lutfi Kirdar Kartal Education and Research Hospital in Istanbul, Turkey. Results The Cronbach alpha coefficient of the overall DQOL scale was 0.89; the Cronbach alpha coefficient ranged from 0.80 to 0.94 for subscales. Distress, discomfort and its symptoms, depression, mobility, usual activities, and vitality on the 15 D scale had statistically significant correlations with social/vocational worry and diabetes-related worry on the DQOL scale indicating good convergent validity. Factor analysis identified four subscales: satisfaction\", impact\", \"diabetes-related worry\", and \"social/vocational worry\". Conclusion Statistical analyses showed that the Turkish version of the DQOL is a valid and reliable instrument to measure disease related QoL in patients with diabetes. It is a simple and quick screening tool with about 15 \u00b1 5.8 min administration time for measuring QoL in this population.\n      </p>", "Childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) and Type 1 diabetes (T1D) share some common epidemiological features, including rising incidence rates and links with an infectious aetiology. Previous work has shown a significant positive correlation in incidence between the two conditions both at the international and small-area level. The aim was to extend the methodology by including shared spatial and temporal trends using a more extensive dataset among individuals diagnosed with ALL and T1D in Yorkshire (UK) aged 0-14 years from 1978-2003. Cases with ALL and T1D were ascertained from 2 high quality population-based disease registers covering the Yorkshire region of the UK and linked to an electoral ward from the 1991 UK census. A Bayesian model was fitted where similarities and differences in risk profiles of the two diseases were captured by the shared and disease-specific components using a share-component model, with space-time interactions. The extended model revealed a positive correlation of at least 0.70 between diseases across all time periods, and an increasing risk across time for both diseases, which was more evident for T1D. Furthermore, both diseases exhibited lower rates in the more urban county of West Yorkshire and higher rates in the more rural northern and eastern part of the region. A differential effect of T1D over ALL was found in the south-eastern part of the region, which had a more pronounced association with population mixing than with population density or deprivation. Our approach has demonstrated the utility in modelling temporally and spatially varying disease incidence patterns across small geographical areas. The findings suggest searching for environmental factors that exhibit similar geographical-temporal variation in prevalence may help in the development and testing of plausible aetiological hypotheses. Furthermore, identifying environmental exposures specific to the south-eastern part of the region, especially locally varying risk factors which may differentially affect the development of T1D and ALL, may also be fruitful.\n      </p>", "Objectives: Major depression occurs in approximately 11% to 15% of patients with diabetes and is associated with poor glycemic control and adverse medical outcomes. This study examined the rates and predictors of recognition of depression among primary care patients with diabetes and comorbid major depression and the quality of depression care provided during a 12-month period. Methods: This study used automated utilization, pharmacy, and laboratory data from a health maintenance organization to describe the rate of recognition of depression and quality of care provided for patients with major depression and diabetes in the 12-month period before diagnosis. Major depression was diagnosed based on the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) that was included in a mail survey sent to 9063 patients on the Group Health diabetes registry from 9 primary care clinics. Results: Approximately 51% of patients with major depression and diabetes were recognized as depressed by the health care system. Women were more likely to be recognized (odds ratio [OR] 1.58, 95% confidence interval [CI 1.26-1.97]), as were those with dysthymia (OR 3.44, 95% CI 2.08-5.72), panic attacks (OR 1.55, 95% CI 1.19-2.19), patients with more than 7 primary care visits (OR 1.42, 95% CI 1.06-1.91) and patients reporting poor health (OR 1.62, 95% CI 1.04-2.53). Of the 51% of patients with major depression who were recognized, 43% received 1 or more antidepressant prescriptions but only 6.7% received 4 or more psychotherapy sessions during a 12-month period. Discussion: There were large gaps in both recognition and quality of depression care provided to patients with major depression and diabetes within a health maintenance organization system.\n      </p>", "Research Objective: The purpose of this work is to determine whether high-cost high-risk Medicare patients with diabetes in managed care plans disenroll more quickly than lower-cost lower-risk Medicare patients with diabetes. If high-cost high-risk patients with diabetes do disenroll more quickly, Medicare managed care plans benefit financially from favorable disenrollment. Study Design: Time in a health maintenance organization (HMO) was modeled using a duration model with the number of months in the HMO as the dependent variable, controlling for censoring. Data were drawn from a representative sample of Medicare patients with diabetes in the FFS sector in 1994. The panel was followed for 4 years, 1995-1998. The sample included all 6839 individuals who enrolled in a Medicare HMO for at least 1 month during the 48-month observation window. Principal Findings: We found a statistically significant negative association between the time in an HMO and pre-enrollment Part B expenditures (\u03b2 = -0.00001, t = -4.39) and any Part A expenditures (\u03b2 = -0.465, t = -1.98), and 2 of 4 diabetic complications (heart complications: \u03b2 = -0.0773, t = -4.61; vision complications \u03b2 = -0.2474, t = -1.94). Of the plan characteristics, only the drug benefit variable (\u03b2 = 0.151, t = 5.64) had a statistically significant coefficient. Conclusions: Overall, our results support the hypothesis that high-cost, high-risk individuals disenroll from Medicare HMOs sooner than lower-cost lower-risk individuals. However, this effect is mitigated by plans offering better prescription drug benefits. We did find some evidence that patients with diabetes with very high pre-enrollment Part A costs may remain longer in HMOs relative to patients with diabetes with lower Part A prior year expenditures.\n      </p>", "There is a controversy whether use of smokeless tobacco is associated with an increased risk of diabetes. A population-based cross-sectional study was undertaken of 1,859 men, aged 60 years, in Stockholm County. No significant association was found between risk of diabetes and any use of tobacco, even if an association between snuff and risk of diabetes could not be excluded.\n      </p>", "The investigators of this project studied the effects of sexual functioning problems on the marital relationships of diabetic men. Seventy-seven usable questionnaires were obtained from a group of male patients diagnosed as having diabetes mellitus at the University of Minnesota Mayo Memorial Hospital. A key factor found for couples dealing with the effects of diabetes on the marital relationship is an understanding of the physiologic linkage between diabetes and erectile difficulties. When couples are not aware of this linkage, they exhibit behaviors destructive to the marriage as they struggle to understand their sexual difficulties. On the other hand, with an adequate understanding of this linkage, couples view their sexual difficulties as another side effect of diabetes mellitus and adjust. This report also includes suggestions for marriage and family counselors and educators, as well as other health care professionals, to work in concert with diabetic clients and their families to promote healthy family functioning.\n      </p>", "In this ecologic study I examined ischemic heart disease (IHD) and diabetes mortality in rural agricultural counties of Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, and South Dakota, in association with environmental exposure to chlorophenoxy herbicides, using wheat acreage as a surrogate exposure. I collected data on agricultural land use and 1979-1998 mortality from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention websites, respectively. Counties were grouped based on percentage of land area dedicated to wheat farming. Poisson relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), comparing high- and medium- with low-wheat counties, were obtained for IHD, the subcategories acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and coronary atherosclerosis (CAS), and diabetes, adjusting for sex, age, mortality cohort, and poverty index. Mortality from IHD was modestly increased (RR = 1.08; 95% CI, 1.04-1.12). Analyses of its two major forms were more revealing. Compared with low-wheat counties, mortality in high-wheat counties from AMI increased (RR = 1.20; 95% CI, 1.14-1.26), and mortality from CAS decreased (RR = 0.89; 95% CI, 0.83-0.96). Mortality from AMI was more pronounced for those &lt; 65 years of age (RR = 1.31; 95% CI 1.22-1.39). Mortality from type 2 diabetes increased (RR = 1.16; 95% CI, 1.08-1.24). These results suggest that the underlying cause of mortality from AMI and type 2 diabetes increased and the underlying cause of mortality from CAS decreased in counties where a large proportion of the land area is dedicated to spring and durum wheat farming. Firm conclusions on causal inference cannot be reached until more definitive studies have been conducted.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To evaluate integrated care for diabetes in clinical, psychosocial, and economic terms. Design\u2014Pragmatic randomised trial. Setting\u2014Hospital diabetic clinic and three general practice groups in Grampian. Patients\u2014274 adult diabetic patients attending a hospital clinic and registered with one of three general practices. Intervention\u2014Random allocation to conventional hospital clinic care or integrated care. Integrated care patients seen in general practice every three or four months and in the hospital clinic annually. General practitioners were given written guidelines for integrated care. Main outcome measures\u2014Metabolic control, psychosocial status, knowledge of diabetes, beliefs about control of diabetes, satisfaction with treatment, disruption of normal activities, numbers of consultations and admissions, frequency of metabolic monitoring, costs to patients and NHS. Results\u2014A higher proportion of patients defaulted from conventional care (14 (10%)) than from integrated care (4 (3%), 95% confidence interval of difference 2% to 13%). After two years no significant differences were found between the groups in metabolic control, psychosocial status, knowledge, beliefs about control, satisfaction with treatment, unscheduled admissions, or disruption of normal activities. Integrated care was as effective for insulin dependent as non-insulin dependent patients. Patients in integrated care had more visits and higher frequencies of examination. Costs to patients were lower in integrated care (mean \u00a31.70) than in conventional care (\u00a38). 88% of patients who experienced integrated care wished to continue with it. Conclusions\u2014This model of integrated care for diabetes was at least as effective as conventional hospital clinic care.\n      </p>", "A privately owned, obese, adult female raccoon (Procyon lotor) presented with polyuria, polydipsia, weight loss, and increased appetite. Diabetes mellitus was diagnosed based on laboratory findings, including hyperglycemia and glucosuria. As a result of the raccoon's age and obesity at the onset of clinical signs, the raccoon was thought to have type 2 diabetes mellitus, a diagnosis that was supported by paired glucose tolerance tests. Treatment consisted of dietary management and daily insulin therapy. The raccoon was gradually weaned off insulin with no return of clinical signs, further verifying the characterization of type 2 diabetes mellitus.\n      </p>", "Several reports have found a relation between polymorphisms of the vitamin D receptor gene (VDR) and the development of type 1 diabetes. We have examined the association of three VDR polymorphism with type 1 diabetes in 59 Chilean case-parents trios. Genotyping for Bsm1, Apa1 and Taq1 polymorphism were performed. Transmission/disequiibrium tests were used to assess gene-disease associations through the evaluation of allelic transmission to affected offspring. Non-significant increased transmissions of B allele (probability of transmission = 52.5%, p = 0.69), A allele (probability of transmission = 58.4%, p = 0.17) and T allele (probability of transmission = 52.0%, p = 0.77) were estimated in Bsm1, Apa1 and Taq1 sites, respectively. Haplotype-based analyses showed non-significant preferential transmissions (global p = 0.52). The present study does not support the hypothesis of a significant contribution of VDR alleles in the etiology of type 1 diabetes of Chilean cases.\n      </p>", "We studied the risk for specific birth defects among infants of mothers with gestational and chronic diabetes using data collected by the Spanish Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECEMC). For the years 1976 to 1985, we identified 10,087 infants with malformations and 9,994 control infants; 155 of the case infants and 89 of the controls were born to diabetic mothers. The crude odds ratio for any minor or major defect and insulin-treated diabetes was 5.5 (95% CI = 1.2, 24.8), and for major malformations it was 8.7 (95% CI = 1.8, 34.7). The risk for defects involving the central nervous system (CNS), skeletal system and cardiovascular system were significantly increased. Infants of non-insulin-treated diabetic mothers were 2.9 times more likely to have a major congenital birth defect (95% CI = 1.2, 7.2). The crude odds ratio for any major or minor defect and mothers with gestational diabetes requiring insulin was 1.9 (95% CI = 1.1, 3.4). Similar risk was observed for major defects (OR = 1.9, 95% CI = 1.0, 3.7). These results suggest that infants of insulin-treated diabetic mothers have an increased risk of developing malformations of the CNS, cardiovascular system and skeletal system. We also found an increased risk for specific defect categories among infants of mothers with gestational diabetes treated with insulin.\n      </p>", "To explore whether elevated plasma glucose might progress to diabetes via a mechanism that involves plasma hypertonicity, we evaluated the independent and joint effects of these variables on diabetes risk. Community-dwelling older adults (70+years), who reported no previous diagnosis of diabetes and had glucose levels below 200 mg/dl in the 1992 Duke EPESE survey, were re-interviewed in 1996 for diabetes status (n = 979). Plasma tonicity at baseline was estimated from serum glucose, sodium, and potassium measures. In logistic regression models that controlled for glucose, as well as age, sex, race, weight status, activity level, serum creatinine, history of heart disease, stroke and cancer, plasma hypertonicity (\u2265300 mOsm/l) was independently associated with increased odds of developing diabetes (OR = 2.0, 95% CI: 0.9-4.2). Hypertonicity magnified the effects of elevated glucose (\u2265125 mg/dl), such that individuals with both exposures were over four times more likely to develop diabetes than those with elevated glucose only (OR = 4.9, 95%CI: 1.7-14.3), adjusting for all covariates. When tonicity was replaced by its determinant variables, glucose, sodium and potassium, in the multivariable models, independent effects of sodium were also observed. Further work is needed to pursue plasma hypertonicity as a factor in the progression of elevated plasma glucose to diabetes.\n      </p>", "Objectives. This study was designed to measure the direct medical charges for patients with and without diabetes who experience myocardial infarction. Methods. We completed a retrospective cohort analysis (from the third-party payer perspective) to determine the total direct medical charges (eg, hospitalizations, outpatient visits, pharmacy, and emergency room visits) incurred by an inner city sample of 293 patients during the 12 months following myocardial infarction during the period from January 1993 through February 1997. Results. The 87 patients with diabetes had a higher per patient total direct medical charge (inclusive of initial hospitalization) compared to the 206 patients without diabetes ($18,577 versus $26,414) and approximately $3000 more per person year of observation. Hospitalizations (initial and during the follow-up period) accounted for 88% of the total direct medical charges. The mean charge for the initial hospitalization was higher for patients with diabetes ($12,730 versus $15,394). In a subset, the mean charge per cardiovascular-related hospitalization that occurred during the follow-up period was also higher for patients with diabetes ($6344 versus $9648). Conclusions. Consistent with what we expected, patients with diabetes incurred higher total direct medical charges as a result of and following myocardial infarction. These data can be used in future cost-effectiveness evaluactions for therapies developed to treat patients with diabetes who experience myocardial infarction or for therapies designed to reduce the risk of macrovascular complications associated with diabetes.\n      </p>", "For 30 years there has been experimental work aimed at transplanting islets for the treatment of diabetes with a view to curing the disease and preventing the secondary complications. Many technical difficulties were experienced, first in isolating the islets without damaging them, and second in finding a suitable place to inject them, but until recently the results of a vascularized pancreas transplant have been superior to islet transplantation. In 2000, the group in Edmonton, headed by Shapiro, published encouraging results using a different immunosuppression in transplanting patients earlier in the course of their disease than had been attempted previously. The results were excellent at a year and good at 2 years in patients with Type I diabetes, however there was the rather worrying attrition at five years. Nevertheless, the Edmonton observations were proof of concept and have intensified interest in treating diabetes and other diseases where a specific protein synthesis was required by cell transplantation and/or genetic engineering. The recent interest in embryonic stem cells extenuated these efforts and progress is being made in defining the difficulties, which are greater than most workers would have predicted. In this review, the subject is discussed explaining where progress needs to be made in order to provide treatment that would be of value to patients.\n      </p>", "Results of two recent prospective incidence studies have suggested that certain subgroups of men with diabetes mellitus may be protected from developing prostate cancer. Two earlier studies, however, concluded that diabetes increased the risk of mortality from prostate cancer. With hundreds of thousands of male respondents, the 1959-1972 Cancer Prevention Study provided a unique opportunity to explore whether men with diabetes were more likely to develop prostate cancer during a 13-year follow-up period than were men without diabetes. After adjusting for factors associated with prostate cancer in previous studies, we found little association between diabetes at baseline and prostate cancer incidence [incidence density ratio (IDR) = 1.05; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.81-1.36]. Men who had diabetes mellitus for 5 or more years, however, had a higher incidence of prostate cancer than did men without diabetes (IDR = 1.56; 95% CI = 1.02-2.38). Among all study participants who were diagnosed with prostate cancer, men with diabetes were only slightly more likely to die from prostate cancer than were men without diabetes (IDR = 1.11; 95% CI = 0.76-1.62).\n      </p>", "Objective: Observational studies have associated diabetes with a decreased risk of prostate cancer. We aimed to evaluate this association using the General Practitioner Research Database in the UK. Methods: Population based case-control study nested in a cohort. Results: We identified 2,183 incident cases of prostate cancer between January 1995 and December 2001. We found that diabetic patients had a decreased risk of prostate cancer (OR = 0.72; 95% CI: 0.59-0.87). This association was observed among treated diabetics (OR = 0.63; 95% CI: 0.50-0.80) but not among untreated diabetics (OR = 1.01; 95% CI: 0.73-1.40). Our results suggest that the observed reduced risk could be restricted to users of insulin or sulphonylureas. Conclusion: Patients with diabetes have a decreased risk of prostate cancer. The role of antidiabetic treatment in this association warrants further research.\n      </p>", "Lifestyle factors predict type 2 diabetes occurence, but their effect in high- and low-risk populations is poorly known. This study determines the prediction of low-risk lifestyle on type 2 diabetes in those with and without metabolic syndrome in a pooled sample of two representative Finnish cohorts, collected in 1978-1980 and 2000-2001. Altogether 8,627 individuals, aged 40-79 years, and free of diabetes and cardiovascular disease at baseline were included in this study. A low-risk lifestyle was defined based on body mass index, exercise, alcohol consumption, smoking, and serum vitamin D concentration. The metabolic syndrome was defined according to the International Diabetes Federation including obesity, blood pressure, serum HDL cholesterol, serum triglycerides, and fasting glucose. During a 10-year follow-up, altogether 226 type 2 diabetes cases occurred. Overweight was the strongest predictor of type 2 diabetes (population attributable fraction (PAF) = 77%, 95% confidence interval (CI): 53, 88%). Together with lack of exercise, unsatisfactory alcohol consumption, smoking, and low vitamin D concentration it explained 82% of the cases. Altogether 62% (CI: 47, 73%) of the cases were attributable to the metabolic syndrome and 92% (CI: 67, 98%) to the most unfavourable combination of its components. The metabolic syndrome did not modify the prediction of lifestyle factors but persons with normal blood pressure benefited more from positive changes in exercise, alcohol consumption, and smoking than those with elevated blood pressure (P for interaction = 0.01). In conclusion, modification of lifestyle factors apparently reduces type 2 diabetes risk, especially in persons with normal blood pressure.\n      </p>", "Objective: The purpose of this study was to test the validity and reliability of the Chinese translation of the Diabetes Impact Measurement Scale (DIMS). Methods: A total of 219 consecutive patients with type II diabetes mellitus, who had visited the diabetic clinics at the China Medical University Hospital completed a questionnaire. Clinical data were extracted from the participants' medical records. Multiple regression analyses were used to estimate the differences in scores among type II diabetic patients in groups with different complications, glucose control statuses, and number of co-morbidities. Results: The Cronbach's alpha coefficients for estimates of internal consistency testing ranged from 0.61 to 0.86. The Pearson's correlation coefficients for test-retest reliability ranged from 0.55 to 0.92. Patients with complications had lower symptom scale score compared with those without complications (p&lt;0.05); patients with poor glucose control had lower well-being, social role fulfillment, and total scale scores than those with good glucose control (all p&lt;0.05); patients with more co-morbidities had lower scores on all scales compared with those with fewer co-morbidities, except on the social role fulfillment scale (p&lt;0.01 or p&lt;0.001). These significant differences consistently supported the hypothesis that the scale truly measures health status and disease impact. Conclusions: Our preliminary results confirm the validity of the DIMS instrument as a measure of health-related quality of life in adult type II diabetic patients. Future research will be needed to establish its responsiveness to important changes in health.\n      </p>", "We previously reported that diabetes in mice is associated with the appearance of proinsulin-producing (Proins-P) cells in the liver. It was unclear, however, whether these Proins-P bone marrow-derived cells (BMDC) merely transit through the liver or undergo fusion with hepatocytes, normally an extremely rare event. In this study, we found that, in diabetes, BMDC in the liver produce not only Proins but also TNF-\u03b1, suggesting that diabetes reprograms gene expression in BMDC, turning on \"inappropriate\" genes. Bone marrow transplantation using genetically marked donor and recipient mice showed that fusion occurs between Proins-P BMDC and hepatocytes. Cell fusion is further supported by the presence of the Y chromosome in Proins-P cells in female mice that received male bone marrow transplantation cells. Morphologically, Proins-P fusion cells are albumin-producing hepatocytes that constitute \u22482.5% of the liver section area 5 months after diabetes induction. An extensive search failed to reveal any fusion cells in nondiabetic mice. Thus, diabetes causes fusion between Proins-P BMDC and hepatocytes in vivo, an observation that has implications for the pathophysiology of diabetes as well as the fundamental biology of heterotypic cell fusion.\n      </p>", "Although rates of adult-onset diabetes mellitus increase with increasing obesity, there is little evidence that weight loss in overweight individuals can reduce their risk of developing diabetes. Using data from the Framingham Study, we examined the effects of sustained and nonsustained weight loss on risk of diabetes mellitus among 618 overweight (body mass index \u226527) subjects 30-50 years of age. To separate sustained from nonsustained weight loss, we examined weight change in two consecutive 8-year periods. Subjects who had stable weight (\u00b11 lb per year) during both periods served as the referent group for all analyses. Sustained weight loss led to a 37% lower risk of diabetes [relative risk (RR) = 0.63; 95% confidence interval = 0.34-1.2], and this effect was stronger for more obese (body mass index \u226529) subjects (RR = 0.38; 95% confidence interval = 0.18-0.81). Those who lost 8.1-15 lb had a 33% reduction in diabetes risk, whereas those losing more had a 51% reduction in risk. Regardless of the amount of weight lost, those who regained the lost weight had no reduction in diabetes risk (RR = 1.1 and 1.2 for those who lost 8.1-15 and &gt;15 lb, respectively). We conclude that a modest amount of sustained weight loss can substantially reduce the risk of diabetes mellitus in overweight individuals.\n      </p>", "Nonobese diabetic (NOD) mice spontaneously develop an autoimmune form of diabetes associated with insulitis. A number of immunomodulatory therapies have been investigated as a treatment for the disease process. Oral administration of the autoantigens myelin basic protein and collagen type II suppresses experimental models of encephalomyelitis and arthritis. We have now found that oral administration of insulin delays the onset and reduces the incidence of diabetes in NOD mice over a 1-year period in animals administered 1 mg of porcine insulin orally twice a week for 5 weeks and then weekly until 1 year of age. As expected, orally administered insulin had no metabolic effect on blood glucose levels. The severity of lymphocytic infiltration of pancreatic islets was also reduced by oral administration of insulin. Furthermore, splenic T cells from animals orally treated with insulin adoptively transfer protection against diabetes, demonstrating that oral insulin administration generates active cellular mechanisms that suppress disease. These results show that oral insulin affects diabetes and the pancreatic cellular inflammatory process in the NOD mouse and raise the possibility that oral administration of insulin or other pancreatic autoantigens may provide a new approach for the treatment of autoimmune diabetes.\n      </p>", "Objectives: Obesity, hypertension and diabetes are closely associated with endometrial cancer (EC). This study evaluates the relationship between diabetes and risk of EC on the basis of obesity. Methods: A case-control study was carried out in Mexico City from 1995 to 1997. Eighty-five histologically confirmed cases were compared with 668 population-based controls obtained through frequency matching. Diabetes status, weight, height and other factors were determined through personal interviews among both cases and controls. Results: Compared to women without diabetes, those with diabetes had an adjusted odds ratio of 3.6 (95% CI = 1.7, 7.4) for EC. This association was modified by body mass index (p interaction &lt; 0.001). Compared to non-overweight and non-diabetic women, non-overweight (OR = 3.9, 95% CI = 0.88, 18.0) and overweight (OR = 5.9, 95% CI = 1.6, 21.1) diabetic women had a non-significant elevated risk of EC. However, elevated risk estimates were observed for obese diabetic women (OR = 8.0, 95% CI = 2.8, 22.7). Conclusions: Our results strongly suggest an interaction effect between obesity and diabetes that significantly increases the risk of EC. This, in turn, may explain the growing number of new EC cases recently observed in developing countries with reduced birth rates and an increased incidence of both obesity and diabetes mellitus.\n      </p>", "Background. Race and ethnicity are used as predictors of outcome in health services research. Often, however, race and ethnicity serve merely as proxies for the resources, values, beliefs, and behaviors (ie, ecology and culture) that are assumed to correlate with them. \"Unpacking\" proxy variables-directly measuring the variables believed to underlie them-would provide a more reliable and more interpretable way of looking at group differences. Objective. To assess the use of a measure of ecocultural domains that is correlated with ethnicity in accounting for variance in adherence, quality of life, clinical outcomes, and service utilization. Design. A cross-sectional observational study. Participants. Twenty-six Hispanic and 29 non-Hispanic white VA primary care patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Measures. The independent variables were patient ethnicity and a summed score of ecocultural domains representing patient adaptation to illness. The outcomes were adherence to treatment, health-related quality of life, clinical indicators of disease management, and utilization of urgent health care services. Results. Patient adaptation was correlated with ethnicity and accounted for more variance in all outcomes than did ethnicity. The unique variance accounted for by adaptation was small to moderate, whereas that accounted for by ethnicity was negligible. Conclusions. It is possible to identify and measure ecocultural domains that better account for variation in important health services outcomes for patients with type 2 diabetes than does ethnicity. Going beyond the study of ethnic differences alone and measuring the correlated factors that play a role in disease management can advance understanding of the phenomena involved in this variation and provide better direction for service design and delivery.\n      </p>", "Objective: To investigate the accuracy of history taking to diagnose asymptomatic bacteriuria (ASB) in diabetic women, and the added value of leukocyturia. Methods: Data were obtained from a multicenter study including 465 women with diabetes. Many patient characteristics were considered as potential diagnostic determinants. A urinary leukocyte count and a urine culture (the criterion standard) were performed. Logistic regression analyses were performed and areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves (AUC) were calculated. Results: For women with type 1 diabetes (n = 236; ASB 11%), duration of diabetes and glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) were powerful predictors of ASB. The AUC of the model including these two variables was 0.66 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.53-0.78). After addition of leukocyturia, the AUC increased considerably to 0.78 (95% CI 0.68-0.88; p = 0.018). For women with type 2 diabetes (n = 229; ASB 19%), age and the number of symptomatic urinary tract infections (UTIs) in the previous year were the strongest predictors of ASB. The AUC of the model including these variables was 0.70 (95% CI 0.61-0.80). After addition of leukocyturia, the AUC increased to 0.79 (95% CI 0.71-0.86; p = 0.023). Conclusion: In diabetic women, ASB can be diagnosed using two easily obtainable variables (duration of diabetes and GHb for women with type 1 diabetes, and age and the number of UTIs in the previous year for women with type 2 diabetes) in combination with a urinary leukocyte count. This results in a model with sufficient accuracy (AUC &gt; 0.75).\n      </p>", "Summary points The incidence of type 1 diabetes is increasing rapidly worldwide, and it is also presenting at an earlier age Genetically engineered human insulins have improved care of type 1 diabetes, and devices for continuous glucose monitoring may revolutionise care An interplay between genetic susceptibility and environmental factors (triggering or suppressive) may account for the pathogenesis of type 1 diabetes Many associations with various environmental triggers have been found in type 1 diabetes, but so far only congenital rubella syndrome has been conclusively associated with the disease The expression of diabetes related autoantibodies in young children monitored from birth indicates that these markers are a major risk factor for the future development of type 1 diabetes No treatment has been shown to safely prevent type 1 diabetes in humans, although islet transplantation and new immunosuppressive regimens show that the disease can be cured\n      </p>", "Objectives: To compare the performance of the RAND-12 and SF-12 physical and mental health summary scores, in a sample of people with type 2 diabetes, in distinguishing groups of differing disease severity. Methods: Summary scores from RAND-12 and SF-12 were compared between known subgroups defined in terms of treatment intensity, duration of diabetes, time lost from work and emergency room visits for diabetes. Multiple regression analyses were used to compare known groups. Results: Statistically significant and clinically important differences were observed across comparisons of the RAND-12 physical health composite (PHC), that were not apparent on the physical component score (PCS-12). RAND-12 mental health composite (MHC) scores were statistically significant according to treatment intensity and days off work due to diabetes, but differences in mental component score (MCS-12) scores failed to reach statistical significance for any of these comparisons. Conclusion: Interpretation of the SF-12 summary scores in our study would have overlooked seemingly important differences in health that were picked up by the RAND-12 summary scores.\n      </p>", "Even a small improvement in satisfaction with treatment for a chronic disease can be valuable. However, sensitive measurements instruments are needed to assess the effects of treatment changes in patients already well satisfied with baseline treatment. Such instruments were thought to be necessary to deal with ceiling effects in scores of satisfaction with functional insulin treatment (FIT) accommodating full flexibility of food intake and lifestyle in diabetes by manipulation of insulin (FIT; Howorka et al. 2000). The Status(S) version of the Diabetes Treatment Satisfaction Questionnaire (DTSQ, Bradley 1994) was extended with items measuring specific components of FIT and its psychometric properties investigated in a validation study with 171 FIT patients with diabetes. A new Change(C) version of DTSQ extended for FIT was used together with the DTSQ(S) by 52 participants in a subsequent randomised cross-over study involving new fast-acting lispro vs. regular insulin, where treatment satisfaction was the primary outcome variable. Insulin lispro use improved satisfaction (p \u2264 0.001) both, on classical and extended versions of DTSQ(S) and (C), despite high baseline levels of satisfaction. However, the DTSQ(C) augmented the effects of lispro (p = 0.0001) apparent on DTSQ(S) scores and revealed significant treatment effects (p \u2264 0.01) not significant with DTSQ(S). In parallel, glycaemic control improved with lispro (e.g., ${\\rm HbA}_{1{\\rm c}}$ , p = 0.023). Improved satisfaction with treatment was more apparent with DTSQ(C) than DTSQ(S) in patients who at baseline were at or near ceiling for treatment satisfaction.\n      </p>"], "words": {"all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mexican": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "burden": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "developed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "results": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "valuable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inconsistent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disease,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "find": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "or": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "death": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "improvement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mellitus": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "score": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "treatment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "molecules": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "might": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "resources": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "associations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "prevented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "descriptive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "dependent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "propose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vascular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "birth": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "possible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "five": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "background": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcomes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "leads": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "d": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tobacco": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mothers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ever": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maternal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "summary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "female": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "diabetes": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "small": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obesity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "towards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weight": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "malformations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "design": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "begun": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questionnaire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functioning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sexual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "even": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychosocial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "factors": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "publish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ethnographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "version": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "americans": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "without": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "progress": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cause": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "we": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "degree": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "men": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "points": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vitamin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reported": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "by": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggested": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "on": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "lifestyle": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "carried": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epidemiology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "annual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anthropologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "insulin": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "context": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gene": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "childhood": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "involves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diseases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prospective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "via": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "previously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "assess": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "chronic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "dietary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "privately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spanish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ii,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arsenic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "elevated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "risk": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "significantly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "introduction": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "leading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "type": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "west": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "native": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "glucose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "th": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "apparent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "satisfaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "delivery": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differentiate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "with": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "congenital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regimen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "developing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "plasma": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "gestational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appearance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "war": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "project": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patients": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examined": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "validity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 52, "prob": 0.0004306257737806873}, "infants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "polymorphisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "heart": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "associated": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "prevalence": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "predict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "certain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "contribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reliability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "in": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "controversy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predictors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diabetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "onset": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immune": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potentially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "events": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "independent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "receptor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "myocardial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collaborative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "epidemiologic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incidence": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serious": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "frequently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prostate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 45, "prob": 0.00037265691961790246}, "subgroups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "renal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevalent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "joint": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "age": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "study,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "persons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ingestion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undertaken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adult": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}}}