{"total_words": 1528, "documents": ["Period divorce measures can misrepresent the underlying behavior of birth cohorts as changes in cohort timing produce changes in period probabilities of divorce. Building on methods used to adjust period fertility and marriage measures, we adjust U.S. period divorce rates for timing effects, calculating a timing index for every year between 1910 and 2000. The adjusted probability of divorce, PMED, increases nearly linearly from 1910 through 1990, remaining at about that level through 2000. Period measures greatly exaggerate divorce risks from the early 1970s to the mid-1980s, but understate them at other times. Adjusted values for recent years do not suggest a decline in the likelihood of divorce, with year 2000 values indicating a divorce probability of 0.43 - 0.46.\n      </p>", "I use a divorce-stress-adjustment perspective to summarize and organize the empirical literature on the consequences of divorce for adults and children. My review draws on research in the 1990s to answer five questions: How do individuals from married and divorced families differ in well-being? Are these differences due to divorce or to selection? Do these differences reflect a temporary crisis to which most people gradually adapt or stable life strains that persist more or less indefinitely? What factors mediate the effects of divorce on individual adjustment? And finally, what are the moderators (protective factors) that account for individual variability in adjustment to divorce? In general, the accumulated research suggests that marital dissolution has the potential to create considerable turmoil in people's lives. But people vary greatly in their reactions. Divorce benefits some individuals, leads others to experience temporary decrements in well-being, and forces others on a downward trajectory from which they might never recover fully. Understanding the contingencies under which divorce leads to these diverse outcomes is a priority for future research.\n      </p>", "Several studies have investigated whether unilateral divorce laws raised divorce rates, with mixed results. This paper asks whether unilateral, and no-fault, divorce laws influenced family formation. Besides their interest to policy makers, such effects may help theorists understand the mechanisms through which laws affect behavior. The results suggest that no-fault laws slightly reduced fertility, and unilateral divorce modestly increased divorce and legitimacy. However, the pattern of effects is not consistent with any of the hypotheses reviewed, and the estimated magnitudes suggest that changes in divorce law were not a major cause of changing family structure.\n      </p>", "Divorce prediction studies (e.g., Gottman, Coan, Carrere, &amp; Swanson, 1998) suggest that couples' eventual divorce can be very accurately predicted from a number of different variables. Recent attention to these studies has failed to consider the need to crossvalidate prediction equations and to consider the prevalence of divorce in the population. We analyze archival data to demonstrate that accuracy and predictive value drops precipitously during crossvalidation. We conclude that results of studies without crossvalidation analyses should be interpreted with extreme caution, no matter how impressive the initial results appear to be.\n      </p>", "We use prior research and state legislative histories to develop a set of decision rules for determining the dates for adoption of no-fault divorce laws in the 50 states. Social scientists have attempted to gauge the impact of no-fault divorce laws on the stability of the family and on the rate of divorce, but the adoption dates used by these researchers varied widely. Such divergences yield conflicting findings on issues related to the impact of no-fault divorce laws on family outcomes. We examine in detail the varying methods used in prior studies for determining no-fault dates, then suggest a method for resolving the conflicts. Precision in and standardization of the dates of no-fault divorce laws used in this body of research will minimize measurement error and improve confidence in the research.\n      </p>", "This article examines the cross-national relationship between a divorce culture on a national level and gender equality in intact marriages. Based on multilevel analysis of data from 22 countries in the International Social Survey Programme, the results indicate that a divorce culture on the national level is associated with greater marital equality. In other words, in countries where divorce is accepted and practiced, the distribution of work between women and men in marriage is more equal. These findings support the enhanced equality hypothesis that the possibility of divorce provides women with leverage to gain more equal status within marriage.\n      </p>", "This article reviews the literature on parental divorce and early childhood development, using developmental psychopathology as an organizing framework. With respect to young children, three questions are addressed: How does parental divorce affect developmental outcomes? What risk and protective factors influence adaptation? How does early parental divorce affect later adjustment? Because this review is unique in its focus on divorce-related issues specific to young children, limitations of existing research are noted and directions for future research are suggested.\n      </p>", "We used data from the study of Marital Instability Over the Life Course to examine links between divorce in the grandparent generation and outcomes in the grandchild generation (N = 691). Divorce in the first (G1) generation was associated with lower education, more marital discord, weaker ties with mothers, and weaker ties with fathers in the third (G3) generation. These associations were mediated by family characteristics in the middle (G2) generation, including lower education, more marital discord, more divorce, and greater tension in early parent-child relationships. In supplementary analyses, we found no evidence that the estimated effects of divorce differed by offspring gender or became weaker over time. Our results suggest that divorce has consequences for subsequent generations, including individuals who were not yet born at the time of the original divorce.\n      </p>", "We report research on public opinions about covenant marriage and divorce to inform policy analysts of the social climate in which these legal initiatives are taking place. We collected data via telephone surveys from a sample of 1,324 adults in Louisiana, Arizona, and Minnesota. From these data, we draw four implications for policy: policy efforts designed to strengthen marriage and reduce divorce, such as covenant marriage, may be popular in states with people who generally have more conservative gender-role ideologies and who are religiously active; individuals who hold conservative gender-role ideologies and who are religiously active are more likely to choose covenant marriage for themselves; legislation dealing with specific components of covenant marriage is likely to be more popular in many states than legislation offering the full set of measures; and these legislative efforts generally will not be divisive along sociodemographic lines.\n      </p>", "The Oklahoma City bombing in April 1995 was an act of terrorism that had many potential influences on the city and state, including influences on families. We analyzed divorce data from 1985 to 2000 for all 77 counties in Oklahoma to assess the divorce response to the Oklahoma City bombing. Our prediction was that divorce rates in Oklahoma would decrease in response to the bombing, a prediction derived from two different theoretical orientations, terror management theory and attachment theory. We test this prediction in the context of two relatively powerful quasi-experimental designs, an interrupted time series design, and a nonequivalent control group design. We analyze the time series data with polynomial regression. Results suggested that there were lower observed divorce rates following the Oklahoma City bombing than the prevailing 10-year cubic divorce trend would have predicted, with the effect dampening over time. We analyzed the nonequivalent control group design using an analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) linear model to compare counties in and around Oklahoma City to those farther away, and to compare metropolitan to nonmetropolitan counties in Oklahoma. In each case, divorces were lower in the predicted directions.\n      </p>", "We test the so-called escape hypothesis, which argues that for people from a poor marriage, a divorce has a less negative or even a positive effect on well-being. In an analysis of two waves of the National Survey of Families and Households (N = 4,526), we find only limited evidence. When people divorce from a dissatisfactory or unfair marriage, they experience smaller increases in depression than when they divorce from a less dissatisfactory and less unfair marriage. For marital conflict, we find no interaction. Marital aggression seems to increase the negative effect of divorce, especially among women, suggesting that notions about the accumulation of problems after divorce need to be considered in combination with notions of escape.\n      </p>", "This article deals with the strategies used in the marital game, with divorce, and with the changing frequency of divorce among the Temne of Sierra Leone, West Africa. The data bases used are ethnography, censuses taken in what was formerly the chiefdom of Kolifa Mayoso in 1955, 1963, and 1976, and in the administrative/service center town of Magburaka in 1963 and 1976, and opinion questionnaires administered in Kolifa Mayoso in 1963 and 1976, in Magburaka in 1976, and to secondary school students in Magburaka in 1963 and 1976. Concern is thus with rural changes, urban changes, and rural-urban differences. Special emphasis is placed on strategies employed in the marital game, the grounds for divorce, opinions regarding the repayment of bridewealth and the retention of children, and divorce ratios. Finally, I deal with explanations of increasing divorce rates.\n      </p>", "Using pooled, time-series data for a sample of 15 developed nations, we assess the effect of divorce rates on gender-specific suicide rates for youths aged 15 - 19 with models of relative cohort size, lagged nonmarital fertility, and an interaction term for divorce rates and nonmarital fertility. The results reveal that, for young men, relative cohort size is positively related to suicide rates, and divorce rates interact with lagged nonmarital fertility. The interaction effect indicates that increases in divorces are especially consequential for suicide cohorts of male youths who were born in periods of high nonmarital fertility. For female youths, only divorce rates exert a significant effect on suicide rates, and it is a positive, main effect.\n      </p>", "We used data from Waves 1 and 2 of the National Survey of Families and Households to study high- and low-distress marriages that end in divorce. A cluster analysis of 509 couples who divorced between waves revealed that about half were in high-distress relationships and the rest in low-distress relationships. These 2 groups were not artifacts of the timing of the interview or of measurement error. Irrespective of marital quality, couples who divorced shared many risk characteristics, such as having divorced parents. Individuals in high-distress marriages reported increases in happiness following divorce, whereas those in low-distress marriages reported declines in happiness. These results suggest two basic motivations to divorce: poor relationship quality and a weak commitment to marriage.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this paper is to study the impact of children on divorce risks in 1971-1994 for first-married Swedish women. This impact is examined using two measures of family composition, namely the number of children and the age of the youngest child, and we find an independent effect from each of these factors on the propensity to divorce. There is an additional impact of births prior to marriage on the subsequent divorce risk. We present time series of divorce risks for women with different types of children, showing trends for both the factors of parity and age of youngest child. The general picture of Swedish divorce-risk trends shows a strong increase in 1974, mostly among childless women, in response to a reform of the divorce legislation. Since the beginning of the 1980s, the risks have increased steadily, mostly among mothers. Our study is performed by indirect standardization of register data and we also control for the effects of age at and duration of marriage. /// L'objet de cet article est d'\u00e9tudier l'effet des enfants sur les risques de divorce en 1971-1994, des femmes su\u00e9doises lors de leur premier mariage. Cet effet est \u00e9tudi\u00e9 \u00e0 l'aide de deux mesures de la composition des familles: leur nombre d'enfants et l'\u00e2ge du plus jeune enfant. Nous avons trouv\u00e9 que chacun de ces facteurs a un effet ind\u00e9pendant sur le risque de divorce et qu'il y a un effet additionnel des naissances avant le mariage sur ce m\u00eame risque. Nous pr\u00e9sentons des s\u00e9ries chronologiques des risques de divorce pour des femmes ayant diff\u00e9rentes cat\u00e9gories d'enfants, montrant les tendances pour les deux mesures: nombre d'enfants et \u00e2ge du plus jeune enfant. Le tableau d'ensemble des risques de divorce en Su\u00e8de montre un fort accroissement en 1974, d\u00fb pour la plus grande part \u00e0 des femmes sans enfant, en r\u00e9action \u00e0 une r\u00e9forme dans la l\u00e9gislation du divorce. Depuis le d\u00e9but des ann\u00e9es 1980, les risque se sont accrus de fa\u00e7on r\u00e9guli\u00e8re, principalement aupr\u00e8s des m\u00e8res. Cette \u00e9tude est men\u00e9e \u00e0 l'aide de standardisations indirectes des donn\u00e9es de registre, en contr\u00f4lant \u00e9galement les effets de l'\u00e2ge et de la dur\u00e9e de mariage.\n      </p>", "How large a role does the family play in civic development? This paper examines an important aspect of family influence by tracing the impact of divorce on voter turnout during adolescence. We show that the effect of divorce among white families is large, depressing turnout by nearly 10 percentage points. Using data from the National Education Longitudinal Study of 1988, we demonstrate that the impact of divorce varies by racial group and can rival the impact of parents' educational attainment, which is generally regarded as the most important non-political characteristic of one's family of origin. We attempt to explain the divorce effect by examining the mediating impacts of parental voter turnout, active social learning, income loss, child-parent interaction, residential mobility, and educational attainment.\n      </p>", "A textbook hypothesis about divorce is that heterogamous marriages are more likely to end in divorce than homogamous marriages. We analyse vital statistics on the population of the Netherlands, which provide a unique and powerful opportunity to test this hypothesis. All marriages formed between 1974 and 1984 (nearly 1 million marriages) are traced in the divorce records and multicariate logistic regression models are used to analyse the effects on dizorce of heterogamy in religion and national origin. Our analyses confirm the hypothesis for marriages that cross the Protestant-Catholic or the Jewish-Gentile boundary. Heterogamy effects are weaker for marriages invroling Protestants or unaffiliated persons. Marriages between Dutch and other nationalities harve a higher risk of dirvorce, the more so the greater the cultural differences between the two groups. Orerall, the evidence supports the view that, in the Netherlands, new group boundaries are more difficult to cross than old group boundaries.\n      </p>", "We investigate the effects of increases in married women's actual income and in their proportion of total family income on marital happiness, psychological well-being, and the likelihood of divorce. We use data from a sample of 1,047 married individuals (not couples) in medium-duration marriages, drawn from a five-wave panel survey begun in 1980 and continuing to 1997. Structural equation modeling is used to assess the impact of increases in married women's absolute and relative income from 1980 to 1988 on the marital happiness and well-being of married men and women in 1988. Event history analysis is used to determine how these changes affect the risk of divorce between 1988 and 1997. We find that increases in married women's absolute and relative income significantly increase their marital happiness and well-being. Increases in married women's absolute income generally have nonsignificant effects for married men. However, married men's well-being is significantly lower when married women's proportional contributions to the total family income are increased. The likelihood of divorce is not significantly affected by increases in married women's income. Nevertheless, increases in married women's income may indirectly lower the risk of divorce by increasing women's marital happiness.\n      </p>", "Guidelines for mental health clinicians to use in assessing clients divorce related concerns are proposed. Current empirical information on factors affecting individual and family adjustment after divorce is organized into a practical format for clinical application. ADAP details a comprehensive assessment that will help the clinician to understand the client's divorce related difficulties so appropriate interventions can be targeted.\n      </p>", "Divorce is costly for parents because of the challenges of meeting children's economic and socioemotional needs after separation. Using the National Survey of Families and Households (N = 1,935), we investigate whether expected economic and parenting costs deter divorce. Mothers expect higher economic costs than fathers, whereas fathers expect more parenting difficulties. Most parents, however, expect high economic and parenting costs. In a large minority of families, mothers and fathers differ in their expected costs. Parenting costs deter divorce, but economic costs do not once other family characteristics are controlled. When parents disagree, mothers' parenting concerns are a greater barrier to divorce than fathers' concerns. Finally, parenting costs are a greater barrier to divorce for unhappy than happy couples.\n      </p>", "The economic theory of marriage predicts that the partners' expectations of greater financial resources outside of marriage should increase the probability of marital dissolution. One potential implication is that marriages should be less stable in states with higher AFDC benefits. I study this implication empirically using data on separations and divorces among marriages involving women in the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth. I find no supporting evidence that higher welfare benefits lead to increased rates of marital dissolution among married women with children.\n      </p>", "It was hypothesized that information about families of origin and procreation would contribute to the explanation of divorce adjustment. Family stress theory formed the basis of the study. Twenty-seven males and 63 females who had filed for divorce from their first spouse during the 18 months prior to the study and who were neither remarried nor cohabiting at the time of the study participated in this survey. Social network size, income change, a pile-up of family stressors, and perceived severity of the divorce explained 67% of the variance in divorce adjustment for men; while perceived severity of the divorce alone accounted for 20% of the variance in divorce adjustment for women. The implications of these results for the development of divorce adjustment programs and for future research are discussed.\n      </p>", "The increase in European divorce rates over the past decades was accompanied by several changes in divorce laws. Yet for European countries, research on the effects of divorce law on the divorce rate is scarce. Most of the existing studies are based on data from North America and provide numerous, but inconsistent, results. We use fixed-effects regression models to examine the impact of the introduction of unilateral divorce on the divorce rate in Western European countries. We find that de facto unilateral divorce practices led to a sustainable increase in the divorce rate, whereas legal rights to unilaterally divorce had no long-run effects.\n      </p>", "An early age at first marriage is known to be associated with a high risk of divorce. Yet, it has been suggested that beyond a certain point, the relationship between age at marriage and marital instability may become positive because as unmarried women begin to hear their biological clock tick, they may settle for matches far from the optimal. Analyses based on cycles 5 and 6 of the National Surveys of Family Growth show that the relationship between age at marriage and marital instability is strongly negative up to the late 20s, with a flattening of the curve thereafter.\n      </p>", "Studies of divorce among ethnically heterogeneous couples are rare. However, a recent longitudinal study of marriages in Hawaii showed that the divorce rate was higher among ethnically mixed marriages compared with ethnically homogeneous ones. On the other hand, the same study found no easily discernible pattern of group differences in the relationship of intermarriage to the risk of divorce. Jones (1994) uses Australian data from the 1970s to show that such risks are consistent with a modified model of behavioral convergence in which divorce rates for mixed marriages are largely a function of revealed group preferences for divorce and convergence between them. This note shows that an equivalent model also accounts for the Hawaiian data. A convergence model may offer a useful point of departure for understanding similar behaviors in other sociocultural settings.\n      </p>", "Using a quasiexperimental pre-post treatment design and archival data from the National Center for Health Statistics, we examined the effect of no-fault divorce law on the divorce rate across the 50 states. Also, education and income data from the United States Bureau of the Census and religiosity data from the Glenmary Research Center were used to assess the relation of education, median family income, and religiosity to the post-no-fault divorce rate. Results revealed that no-fault divorce law had a significant positive effect on the divorce rate across the 50 states. Of the moderators that we considered, median family income was the only significant predictor of the change in divorce rate; the adjusted post-no-fault divorce rate increased as median family income increased.\n      </p>", "Many bird species have ornaments that are expressed equally in both sexes. I use comparative analysis to investigate why some monomorphic birds are highly ornamented, whereas others are drab. The results show a significant positive association between the degree of mutual ornamentation and divorce rate. This result is robust to the removal of the effects of phylogeny, site fidelity, residency, coloniality, nest type, mortality, body size and body-size dimorphism. The level of extra-pair paternity was not related to the degree of mutual ornamentation. I argue that these results are compatible with a process of mutual sexual selection, in which both sexes compete for access to mates. The coupled evolution of ornamentation and divorce rate, from the probable ancestral state of a high degree of ornamentation and a low divorce rate, appears to result mainly from a loss of ornamentation under mate fidelity.\n      </p>", "In this study, we investigated if the association between parental divorce and depressive symptoms changes during early adolescence and if developmental patterns are similar for boys and girls. Data were collected in a prospective population cohort of Dutch adolescents (N = 2,149), aged 10 - 15 years. Outcome variables were self-reported and parent-reported depressive symptoms. The effects of divorce were adjusted for parental depression. In both self-reported and parent-reported data, we found a three-way interaction of gender, age, and parental divorce, indicating that with increasing age, parental divorce became more strongly associated with depressive symptoms among girls, but not boys. These results suggest that girls with divorced parents are at particularly high risk to develop depressive symptoms during adolescence.\n      </p>", "This study examined the role of three spiritual responses to divorce for psychological adjustment: appraising the event as a sacred loss/desecration, engaging in adaptive spiritual coping, and experiencing spiritual struggles. A sample of 100 adults (55% female) was recruited through public divorce records. Most appraised their divorce as a sacred loss/desecration (74%), experienced spiritual struggles (78%), and engaged in adaptive spiritual coping (88%). Appraisals of sacred loss/desecration and spiritual struggles were tied to higher levels of depression. Adaptive spiritual coping was tied to greater posttraumatic growth. Spiritual coping and struggles each contributed uniquely to adjustment beyond parallel forms of nonspiritual coping and struggles and mediated links between viewing the divorce as a sacred loss/desecration and depression.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of initiator status on emotional well-being, psychological well-being, and divorce-related stress at two points during the divorce transition. A representative sample of 80 divorced parents were surveyed 6 to 12 (T1) and 18 to 24 (T2) months post decree. A major finding was that initiators and noninitiators shared similar emotional responses to the divorce. However, the timing of the responses differed. Initiators experienced more change, stress, and personal growth at T1, whereas noninitiators reported higher levels at T2. The implications of these timing differences for clinical and educational practice were explored.\n      </p>", "Although the extensive variation in divorce rates among monogamous bird species has stimulated several theoretical accounts, the mechanisms underlying divorce strategies remain poorly understood. Here, we use an individual-based simulation model to investigate the adaptiveness of mechanisms of mate choice in the context of remating. Our model compares the fitness of females that choose a mate during each breeding season using one of two different decision rules; \"best-of-n\" females sample n potential partners and then select the male with the highest quality, whereas \"better option\" females choose a mate whose quality is maximal among the non-mated individuals they sampled the season before. It is assumed in the model that best-of-n females have no a priori information about the quality of potential partners and systematically decide to divorce at the beginning of each breeding season before searching for a new mate. Conversely, better option females use the information they gained the season before, and may retain their previous partner if they have no opportunity to mate with an individual of better quality. Results from simulations indicate that the best-of-n decision rule should be favoured when there is a large variation in male quality and low costs of mate sampling. On the other hand, the probability that the better option rule may invade the population is predicted to increase with male survival rate. However, changes in male mortality had no marked influence on the expected proportion of divorcing pairs, contrary to previous theoretical expectations.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study is to determine if perceived control over the settlement process during divorce is related to the degree of conflict reported by divorcing parents, as predicted by the theory of \"psychological reactance.\" A representative sample of divorcing couples with children were interviewed soon after filing for divorce. Analyses indicate that parents' (and especially fathers') perceived control is related to both mothers' and fathers' reports of interparental conflict. Surprisingly, fathers' and mothers' perceived control over settlement issues are positively correlated. Implications of the findings for divorce mediation are discussed.\n      </p>", "This study uses national longitudinal data to explain the intergenerational transmission of divorce. Parental divorce is associated with an increased risk of offspring divorce, especially when wives or both spouses have experienced the dissolution of their parents' marriage. Offspring age at marriage, cohabitation, socioeconomic attainment, and prodivorce attitudes mediate modest proportions of the estimated effect of parental divorce. In contrast, a measure of interpersonal behavior problems mediates the largest share of the association. The findings suggest that parental divorce elevates the risk of offspring divorce by increasing the likelihood that offspring exhibit behaviors that interfere with the maintenance of mutually rewarding intimate relationships.\n      </p>", "We examine effects of adult children's divorce on several dimensions of their relationships with parents, using a local probability sample of 905 parents. We find that an adult child's divorce is a fairly common experience for parents. Approximately half of parents above age 60 who have at least one ever-married child have experienced a child's divorce. The experience of currently having grandchildren not in an adult child's custody is much less common, but affects around 1 in 10 parents in their sixties at a given time. The effects of divorce differ between sons and daughters. In general, divorced daughters with child custody have more contact than married daughters and receive more help from parents. Sons, on the other hand, receive more babysitting help when they are married than in other situations. Divorce does not decrease daughters' help to parents, as some observers have feared. Grandchildren are viewed as pivotal in these relations. We discuss implications for future intergenerational relations and suggestions for further research.\n      </p>", "This study compares children who experienced divorce in childhood with those who were young adults when their parents divorced to differentiate between long-term effects of divorce resulting from preexisting factors, including the child's behavioral problems and psychological status as well as the family's economic circumstances, and those resulting from divorce itself. We used National Child Development Study data on 11,409 British children born in 1958 and followed up until age 33. Children's long-term welfare appears to be linked both to conditions preceding and following the divorce event. The results point to some limitations of existing studies on divorce and suggest caution in drawing conclusions about average effects of divorce. The impact of divorce appears to be a complex blend of selection and socialization.\n      </p>", "We examined the extent to which differences in adolescent adjustment problems between divorced and intact families can be explained by loss of family income, parental conflict, the psychological adjustment and parenting practices of the custodial parent, and level of involvement of the noncustodial parent. The importance of these factors was assessed by hierarchial regression with a sample of 328 intact and 206 divorced families. The results indicated that quality of mother's parenting and of father's involvement in parenting explains the association between divorce and boys' externalizing problems, whereas quality of mother's parenting and postdivorce conflict explain the relationship between divorce and girls' externalizing problems. Divorce elevates a girl's risk for depression because it increases the chances that her mother will become depressed, which in turn reduces the quality of her parenting. Including the various explanatory variables did not reduce the association between divorce and boys' internalizing problems. Boys with divorced parents tended to be more depressed than those from two-parent families regardless of the psychological adjustment, level of conflict, or quality of parenting manifested by their parents.\n      </p>", "Based on previous research, it was expected that women would be less satisfied with their divorce settlements than men. A survey of over 400 divorced persons contradicts this hypothesis: Women indicate greater satisfaction with custody, visitation, financial (excepting child support), and property settlements. Three explanations for these results are explored. The findings suggest that it is a perceived inequitable process, rather than a perceived inequitable outcome, that most contributes to dissatisfaction with a final divorce decree.\n      </p>", "Divorce is widespread in the Laridae. The longevity of pair bonds have been reported in 12 of 89 species of Larid. In each a small but noteable proportion of pair bonds ends in divorce. In this paper we review the phenomenon of divorce in this family of birds. Asynchronous arrival of mates at the breeding colony appears to be a major cause of divorce as is the loss of nest site. The social factors associated with divorce include previous reproductive success of pairs, age and experience of the breeding partners, compatability of mates, and competition for mates. Young, unsuccessful breeders are most likely to divorce. Divorced birds often have lower reproductive success because of delayed laying dates and smaller clutch sizes with their new mates than continuing pairs, but their success is usually greater than their past breeding success or that of widowed birds. We suggest that the more breeding seasons an individual experiences, the higher the degree of mate retention.\n      </p>", "Although Judith Wallerstein's research on children with divorced parents has been influential, many quantitative family scholars have criticized her methods and conclusions. Wallerstein claims that children with divorced parents often reach adulthood as psychologically troubled individuals who find it difficult to maintain stable and satisfying relationships with others. Consistent with Wallerstein's claims, quantitative research suggests that parental divorce increases the risk of experiencing psychological problems, having a discordant marriage, seeing one's own marriage end in divorce, and having weak ties to parents (especially fathers) in adulthood. The accumulated evidence, however, reveals that the estimated effects of divorce are not as strong as Wallerstein appears to claim. I provide examples from the Marital Instability Over the Life Course study to illustrate the magnitude of divorce effects. I conclude with a call for a rapprochement between Wallerstein and her critics.\n      </p>", "Using data on 509 cases from a census of a large Michigan county's divorces involving minor children filed in the early 1980s, we model the likelihood that mothers versus fathers will receive sole physical custody in final judgments. Substantial gender differences in the effects of socioeconomic and legal process variables on custody outcomes are found. The odds of father custody are enhanced when children are older, especially when the oldest child is male, when the father is the plaintiff, and when a court investigation has occurred during divorce proceedings. Odds of father custody are reduced by higher educational level for mothers, higher income for fathers, paternal unemployment, and support arrearages prior to final divorce judgments.\n      </p>", "Establishing intention in legal acts is a crucial element of judicial reasoning in Zanzibar's Islamic courts. This article explores how Islamic judges determine the validity of divorce-related actions through assessing the intention of the actors involved. Examining two recent cases from a court in rural Zanzibar demonstrates how a judge determines the intention behind actions. The judge considers the range of possible meanings of divorce-related actions in the cultural context of Zanzibar.\n      </p>", "\"Divorce\" (mate switching) rate is known to vary largely both between and within socially monogamous species. Although the adult sex ratio can have an important influence on mating patterns, very few studies have investigated the influence of sex ratio on divorce rate in monogamous species, and even less so from an experimental point of view. In addition, most studies on the causes and consequences of divorce have been performed on vertebrate species, whereas data for invertebrate monogamous species remain scarce. Schistosoma mansoni is a monogamous endoparasite with a complex life cycle characterized by asexual reproduction in the intermediate host and sexual reproduction in the definitive host. In the wild, populations of S. mansoni inside their definitive hosts are characterized by a male-biased sex ratio. We studied the influence of experimentally varying the adult sex ratio on divorce rate in S mansoni, using controlled infections of hosts with clonal populations. The more male-biased the sex ratio was, the more the divorce rate increased, whereas no such effect was observed under a female-biased sex ratio. In this study and for the first time, we showed, by handling the sex ratio, that the divorce rate increases in adult male-biased sex ratio conditions in a monogamous species.\n      </p>", "The empirical literature on the longer-term adjustment of children of divorce is reviewed from the perspective of (a) the Stressors and elevated risks that divorce presents for children and (b) protective factors associated with better adjustment. The resiliency demonstrated by the majority of children is discussed, as are controversies regarding the adjustment of adult children of divorce. A third dimension of children's responses to divorce, that of lingering painful memories, is distinguished from pathology in order to add a useful complement to risk and resilience perspectives. The potential benefits of using an increasingly differentiated body of divorce research to shape the content of interventions, such as divorce education, by designing programs that focus on known risk factors for children and that assist parents to institute more protective behaviors that may enhance children's longer-term adjustment is discussed.\n      </p>", "Exploiting the theoretical parallels between the matching of workers to jobs in the labour market and the matching of individuals in the marriage market, we use a search theoretic model of marriage formation and dissolution to examine the effect of divorce costs on both decisions. By introducing learning at both stages of the marital decision process, we show that divorce costs not only affect the probability of divorce but also the probability of marriage. Interestingly, to what extent divorce costs affect the marital status distribution depends on the information regarding the quality of the potential marriage that individuals receive while encountering marital offers.\n      </p>", "The paper investigates the importance of income in young Americans' decisions to form and dissolve households. Using data on young American men and women from the NLSY, an important role for income in both these transitions is found. There are significant differences between young men and women. High earnings capacity increases the probability of marriage and decreases the probability of divorce for young men. High earnings capacity decreases the probability of marriage for young women, and has no impact on divorce.\n      </p>", "Divorce often constitutes a dramatic transformation of a close, personal, and usually harmonious relationship into one that is deeply antagonistic and bitter. Explanations among family researchers typically focus on opposing material interests, the adversarial nature of the legal system, latent or manifest conflict in marriage, or psychological reactions to the pain of divorce. A broadly designed fieldwork investigation of divorce suggests an important dimension largely ignored by these explanations: the symbolic or cultural. This article describes the process by which a sample of divorcing subjects confronted and solved major interpretive dilemmas posed by virtue of the shared meaning they and those around them had of marriage. It shows that the ways in which they solved such dilemmas created an oppositional structure by which they subsequently effected divorce.\n      </p>", "This study reviews program materials being used in over half of the U. S. counties that have documented court-connected educational programs for divorcing parents. Program documents were examined to determine sources of materials, conceptual foundations, topics presented, teaching strategies, and evaluation efforts. Data analysis identified 50 different topic areas covered by programs, reliance on passive or limited parental involvement teaching strategies, and formative, rather than summative, evaluation efforts. Recommendations for the design of court-connected divorce education programs are included.\n      </p>", "This study uses data on 374 respondents, aged 16 and older, from the Moscow Oblast Survey to examine the relationship between alcohol consumption and divorce in Russia. A logit regression model of drinking in Moscow finds that both divorced and single persons have elevated risks of drinking relative to married persons. This relationship is independent of control variables including gender, education level, and religiosity. Hence, although Russian alcohol consumption has been largely typified as a reaction to macrosociological problems such as terrorism and chronic shortages of consumer goods, a Western model of divorce and drinking is supported.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this paper is to determine whether divorced parents exhibit a diminished capacity to parent in the period following divorce. Using 2 waves of data from a national survey of Canadian children, the current study prospectively follows 5,004 children living in 2-biological parent households at initial interview and compares changes in parenting practices between households that subsequently divorce and those that remain intact. Results show that divorce is unrelated to changes in parenting behavior, suggesting that there are more similarities than differences in parenting among recently divorced and continuously married parents.\n      </p>", "This paper reviews the cultural, demographic, economic, and social sources that have produced a transformation in the institution of marriage over the past century. It describes trends in marriage and remarriage that have altered the life course of children in families. The consequences of growing levels of marital instability for children are described. Particular attention is devoted to the changing parenting system and alterations in the kinship system of children whose parents divorced and remarried. Some problems in interpreting the effects of divorce on children are identified. The paper concludes with a discussion of public policy issues related to divorce and remarriage.\n      </p>", "This article offers an overview of divorce mediation, including a discussion of reasons for the rapid development of this innovative practice, a summary of distinctions between mediation and other areas of legal and psychological practice, a review of research findings, and a brief consideration of some key controversies in the field. Divorce mediation helps former partners both to negotiate a legal agreement and to renegotiate their relationship in a way that contains conflict and encourages a degree of future cooperation.\n      </p>", "Using detailed data on the childhood living arrangements of children taken from the 1995 National Survey of Family Growth (NSFG), the impact of multiple dimensions of parent histories on the likelihood of offspring divorce is investigated. Although past research is replicated by finding a positive impact of parental divorce on offspring divorce, the author also finds that living apart from both parents, irrespective of the reason, is associated with an increased risk of divorce. In particular, children who were born out of wedlock and who did not experience parental divorce or death experience a very high risk of marital disruption. However, neither the number of transitions in childhood living arrangements nor parental remarriage appear to substantially affect the risk of marital dissolution. Finally, variations in the timing of and circumstances surrounding marriage appear to mediate a substantial proportion of the effect of parent histories on offspring divorce.\n      </p>", "The role no-fault divorce plays in lowering the economic well-being of women remains controversial. This paper attempts to shed light on this issue by surveying the literature and presenting new evidence that also considers state laws governing the distribution of marital property at divorce. The data suggest that the economic impact of no-fault divorce is very sensitive to the type of marital property law in each state. Under certain marital property laws the adoption of no-fault divorce may even be welfare improving for married women.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study is to characterize the recent reforms in divorce laws in a number of Western democratic countries, including, the United States Canada Great Britain, Australia, New Zealand, and Italy. Various types of policy are discussed with emphasis on the extent to which they are effective in achieving stated goals of family stability. The pattern of government involvement in divorce is reviewed and alternative policies for reform are described. The comparison of the statutes that have recently been revised indicates that although governments formally seek to maintain standards of marital stability, none provides effective means for state action to assist in achieving the goal. Although reforms have different provisions of procedures (no fault, breakdown, expanded fault grounds), the effect is the same: a couple who desires a divorce can obtain one, and the government has no power to prevent the breakup. Several reasons for the gap between public goals and private action in the area of divorce are discussed as they pertain to the various countries studied: (1) influence of raligious pressure groups; (2) lack of adequate knowledge of family patterns among legislators ; (3) weak mobilization of interests in support of adequate government regulation or services to maintain family stability. The conclusion of the paper relates the findings about divorce reform to the larger matter of policy capabilities. The situation with regard to divorce reform is an example of the gap between real policy output (divorce by consent) and symbolic policy output (marital stability). The findings represent an interesting reversal of the Edelman thesis that real policy output benefits organized interests while the people receive mostly symbolic output. In the case of divorce policy, the symbolic output satisfies interest groups, especially religious groups, and the real output answers needs of married couples for access to divorce.\n      </p>", "As the incidence of divorce and subsequent remarriage in the United States continues to increase, the problems associated with the developmental tasks of such remarriage become more relevant. An analysis of causal explanations for the increasingly common nature of remarriage after divorce is followed by a description of six developmental tasks which are faced by persons approaching the status passage from divorced to remarried. This developmental process is an extension of Paul Bohannan's six stations of divorce and consists of the emotional, psychic, community, parental, economic, and legal stations of remarriage.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we analyze determinants of marital dissolution, focusing on the alleged influences from public transfers, child allowance, and child support awards. We use a Norwegian panel of 2,806 couples with information on public and private transfers in cases of divorce. The sample was observed over a 5-year period, with the purpose of registering marital dissolution. We find that the level of transfers has a significantly positive effect on divorce probability and that the distribution of transfers in favor of the wife increases this probability. Our findings are consistent with noncooperative family models allowing for inefficient outcomes.\n      </p>", "We examine the association between adult depression and childhood parental divorce, and the explanations for this association, using a representative national sample of 2,592 adults interviewed by telephone in 1995. Parental divorce may disrupt the life course, with lifelong consequences for adult well-being in two ways: lowered socioeconomic status and problems in interpersonal relationships. Compared with individuals who grew up with both parents, adult children of divorce have lower levels of education, occupational status, and income, higher levels of economic hardships (both current and past), more often marry young, divorce and remarry several times, find themselves in unhappy relationships, and mistrust people in general. However they do not have lower levels of social support. These associations hold when we adjust for sex, minority status, age, parental death, and parental education. The disadvantaged socioeconomic and interpersonal statuses link parental divorce to adult depression because more education is associated with lower levels of depression and because economic hardship, early marriages, unhappy relationships and mistrust are associated with high levels of depression. There are no direct intrapsychic effects of parental divorce on adult depression. Low socioeconomic status and problems in interpersonal relationships mediate all of the association.\n      </p>", "Using data from the June 1980 Current Population Survey, Morgan, Lye, and Condran (1988) reported that families with a daughter have a higher divorce risk than families with a son. They attribute this finding to the higher involvement of fathers in raising a son, which in turn promotes marital stability. We investigate the relation between gender composition of children and parents' divorce risk with cross-national data from the Fertility and Family Survey. These data, which cover 16 European countries, Canada, and the United States, do not support a general hypothesis that sons contribute more to marital stability than daughters.\n      </p>", "This article delineates and assesses the evidence for four perspectives that have guided previous research on the relationship between wives' economic resources and marital stability. Hypotheses from these perspectives were tested using event history methods and 1980-1997 panel data for 1,704 individuals from the Marital Instability Over the Life Course study. Both wives' dollar income and wives' percentage of total family income served as measures of wives' economic resources. The association between wives' percentage of income and divorce formed an inverted U-shaped curve, with the odds of divorce being highest when wives contributed between approximately 40% and 50% of the total family income. When wives' resources were measured in dollars, wives' income showed a positive, linear association with the odds of divorce. These findings provide the strongest support for an equal dependence perspective, which argues that economic dependence and obligation influence marital stability.\n      </p>", "This study explores the causes of divorce using in-depth interviews with working/middle class Black men. The findings suggest that the causes of marital distress and subsequent divorce are associated with active problem-solving efforts Black men use to cope with social and economic marginality. Ironically, the men's coping strategies often had negative repercussions for marital stability. The respondents perceived the following causes of marital distress and subsequent divorce: (a) The striving for economic stability to cushion the effects of periodic unemployment, (b) differences in attitudes and behaviors in spending practices, (c) conflicting behavioral patterns used to cope with social alienation, (d) failure to negotiate conflict in the context of economic disenfranchisement, and (e) differences in religious practices.\n      </p>", "In recognition of the accelerating rate of family disruption and divorce, the authors of this article compared the physical health rating of divorced families with those of intact families. The findings were extracted from a large national study focusing on the impact of divorce on children. It used a random sample of first, third, and fifth grade students. Data were gathered from a vast pool of instruments measuring both school and home variables. Analyses of variance and correlational analyses indicated that marital status was related to health favoring intact family members.\n      </p>", "Neighborhood effects on family formation processes have recently received considerable attention, but no study has yet examined the impact of neighborhood socioeconomic status on marital dissolution. This analysis merges data from 3,523 respondents to the Panel Study of Income Dynamics with census data describing the socioeconomic composition of local communities. Although a multiitem index of neighborhood socioeconomic disadvantage is positively and significantly related to the risk of divorce, this association can be explained entirely by the low incomes of husbands in distressed neighborhoods. Thus, there appears to be no direct causal influence of neighborhood socioeconomic status on marital instability. To the extent that neighborhood socioeconomic disadvantage increases the prevalence of single-parent families, it apparently does so by increasing rates of out-of-wedlock childbearing rather than by disrupting existing marriages among couples with children.\n      </p>", "This paper presents findings from the Virginia Longitudinal Study of Divorce and Remarriage (VLSDR) describing diverse patterns of intimate relationships and personal adjustment in marriage and following divorce. Both a conflictual, unsatisfying marriage and a divorce were associated with diminished psychological, social, and physical well-being. However, it was the diversity rather than the inevitability of outcomes following divorce that was striking, with most people able to adapt constructively to their new life situation within 2-3 years following divorce, a minority being defeated by the marital breakup, and a substantial group of women being enhanced. Although both marital conflict and divorce in the family of origin elevated the risk of marital instability in young adult offspring, the effect was greater for divorce. Marriage to a supportive, well-adjusted partner by youths from divorced families eliminated the difference in marital instability found for these youths and those from nondivorced families.\n      </p>", "This study used national longitudinal data to examine parent-child relationships before and after parental divorce. Parents' reports of problems in their relationships with children were significantly elevated as early as 8 to 12 years prior to divorce. Low quality in the parents' marriage largely accounted for these associations. Early problems in the parent-child relationship and low quality in the parents' marriage when children were 10 years old (on average) predicted low parental affection for children when they were 18 years old (on average). Divorce further eroded affection between fathers and children, but not between mothers and children. These findings suggest that the quality of the parents' marriage has both direct and indirect long-term consequences for parent-child affection.\n      </p>", "We used data from 208 individuals who divorced during a 17-year longitudinal study to examine factors that predict adjustment to marital disruption. Using stress and coping theory as a guide, we hypothesized that adjustment would be associated with variables reflecting stressors, resources, and people's definitions of the divorce. Contrary to expectations, we found little evidence that stressors (large declines in per capita income, losing friends, or moving) affected divorce adjustment, except among individuals who were not employed. Adjustment was positively associated with income, dating someone steadily, remarriage, having favorable attitudes toward marital dissolution prior to divorce, and being the partner who initiated the divorce. In addition, older individuals showed some evidence of poorer adjustment than did younger individuals.\n      </p>", "This article examines trends in marital dissolution in Indonesia. Analysis considers the impact of educational expansion, delayed marriage, urbanization, increasing employment before marriage, legislative change, and increased free choice in marriage on the decline in marital disruption. Trends such as delayed marriage and educational expansion account for about one third of the decline in marital dissolution. Moreover, factors associated with marital disruption are shifting in importance. In particular, age at marriage and marital duration are becoming less reliable predictors of marital stability, whereas education is becoming more important. We conclude that the shifting forces governing marital formation and dissolution in Indonesia have modified the linkages between the conjugal couple, broader kinship systems, and modes of economic support such that traditional patterns sustaining high levels of marital instability are no longer in effect.\n      </p>", "A survey was administered at a state bar convention to 72 family law attorneys who reported on their experiences in representing a total of 3,860 clients. Results showed that lawyers believed that (a) most losers in relocation cases do not or would not ultimately move; (b) the Family Court Masters system seems to be helpful to families; (c) lawyers' actions often raise the emotional level of the dispute; and (d) the divorce and custody system is biased against fathers.\n      </p>", "In this study, we investigated normative beliefs regarding financial obligations toward children after divorce and remarriage. Three vignettes describing different family situations involving a child who needed tutoring were mailed to 234 women and 114 men from a Midwestern state. Clear trends emerged from the quantitative and qualitative data. The keys to who should pay for the tutoring were: (a) financial ability, (b) sharing a household residence, and, to a lesser degree, (c) custody arrangement. Implications for social policy are discussed.\n      </p>", "This study examined the individual, relative, and interactive influences of parental divorce and interparental conflict on adolescent functioning across 4 years. Participants were 227 young adolescents, their mothers, and their social studies teachers. Parental divorce, current interparental conflict, and the interaction of the two variables predicted multiple areas of functioning in multiple years. Although divorce is associated with adolescent functioning, the current level of interparental conflict cannot be ignored.\n      </p>", "Despite the growing popularity of divorce mediation, there has been little systematic research on the process of mediation and the roles and skills of mediators. This article reviews 35 cases involving contested child custody and visitation and generalizes about the techniques used by experienced divorce mediators to help couples reach resolutions to their differences. The article discusses different ways mediators orient couples to mediation, gain their commitment, identify the issues in dispute, overcome emotional and substantive obstacles and generate agreements. Variations in the ways mediators deal with the expression of emotions and the amount of control they exercise in structuring the process and generating an agreement are noted.\n      </p>", "A family systems model of the divorce process was proposed and empirically tested for divorced mothers and fathers using a series of multiple regression analyses. Central to the proposed model was the assertion that the failure to establish relationship boundaries that clearly define the former partner as a coparent, but not as a spouse, is a major source of coparental conflict after divorce. The findings supported the hypothesized positive relationship between boundary ambiguity and coparental conflict. Factors that influence boundary ambiguity also were investigated and found to be distinct for mothers and fathers.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to investigate the relations between divorced mothers' (N = 196) coparental role identity and their perceptions of how cooperatively they coparent. Data were gathered by questionnaires mailed to mothers who had participated in a court-mandated divorce education program. Using structural equation modeling, it was determined that mothers' perceptions of others' expectations for them to coparent and their own expectations, as well as their commitment to a coparental identity, were positively related to their perceived level of coparenting cooperation. Parent educators and therapists working with mothers should focus on the value of coparenting for mothers and their children; social pressure and legal requirements are less effective motivators.\n      </p>", "We used data on women's first marriages from the Fertility and Family Surveys to analyse the intergenerational transmission of divorce across 18 countries and to seek explanations in macro-level characteristics for the cross-national variation. Our results show that women whose parents divorced have a significantly higher risk of divorce in 17 countries. There is some cross-national variation. When compared with the USA, the association is stronger in six countries. This variation is negatively associated with the proportion of women in each cohort who experienced the divorce of their parents and with the national level of women's participation in the labour force during childhood. We conclude that differences in the contexts in which children of divorce learn marital and interpersonal behaviour affect the strength of the intergenerational transmission of divorce.\n      </p>", "This study investigated the extent to which reports of marital problems in 1980 predicted divorce between 1980 and 1992, the extent to which these problems mediated the impact of demographic and life course variables on divorce, and gender differences in reports of particular marital problems and in the extent to which these reports predicted divorce. Wives reported more marital problems than husbands did, although this was due to husbands' tendency to report relatively few problems caused by their spouses. A variety of marital problems predicted divorce up to 12 years in the future. A parsimonious set of marital problems involving infidelity, spending money foolishly, drinking or drug use or both, jealousy, moodiness, and irritating habits mediated moderate proportions of the associations between demographic and life course variables and divorce.\n      </p>", "It has been proposed that recent increases in parental divorce have inhibited the development of trust among offspring. This proposition is tested by examining whether parental divorce is associated with offspring trust in parents, intimate partners, and others. Data come from the Marital Instability Over the Life Course Study. Results reveal that although parental divorce is negatively associated with trust, these effects largely disappear once the quality of the past parent-teen relationship is taken into account. The one exception is trust in fathers where children of divorce remain at higher risk of mistrust. Trust in parents, intimates, and others is strongly linked to positive parent-teen relationships regardless of parental divorce. Contemporary relationship experiences also influence trusting intimates and others.\n      </p>", "The article presents a critical history of divorce as an object of sociological study and describes the main directions of current research in France on the subject. Sensitive to the political context in which it developed, the sociology of divorce was for many years influenced by ideological considerations, as evidenced by Durkheim's opposition to the reintroduction of divorce by mutual consent. The sociological study of divorce came into its own with the reform of the Civil Code in the late 1960s; an interdisciplinary research team was formed under Jean Carbonnier to advance knowledge of divorce in France. At that stage, the main research focus was quantitative demography. In the 1980s, with divorce becoming commonplace in French society, along with consensual unions and separation without divorce, the sociology of the couple took a new theoretical, methodological and epistemological direction. Since then it has focused almost exclusively on life after divorce, leaving aside the question of the causes and processes of marital breakdown. A brief international comparison shows that the causal and statistical analysis of divorce is still very much on the agenda in other countries. /// L'article pr\u00e9sente une histoire critique de la constitution du divorce comme objet d'\u00e9tude sociologique et rend compte des principales orientations actuelles de recherche en France dans ce domaine. Sensible au contexte politique dans lequel elle s'est d\u00e9velopp\u00e9e, la sociologie du divorce a longtemps \u00e9t\u00e9 influenc\u00e9e par des consid\u00e9rations id\u00e9ologiques, comme en t\u00e9moigne l'opposition de Durkheim au r\u00e9tablissement du divorce par consentement mutuel. L'\u00e9tude sociologique du divorce prend v\u00e9ritablement son essor lors de la refonte du Code civil \u00e0 la fin des ann\u00e9es 1960, alors que se constitue derri\u00e8re le doyen Carbonnier une \u00e9quipe de recherche interdisciplinaire charg\u00e9e de faire progresser la connaissance de la divortialit\u00e9 des Fran\u00e7ais. La d\u00e9mographie quantitative occupe alors une place centrale dans les recherches. \u00c0 partir des ann\u00e9es 1980, face \u00e0 la banalisation du divorce dans la soci\u00e9te fran\u00e7aise mais aussi devant le d\u00e9veloppement des unions sans mariage et des s\u00e9parations sans divorce, la sociologie du couple conna\u00eet un tournant \u00e0 la fois th\u00e9orique, m\u00e9thodologique et \u00e9pist\u00e9mologique. Elle se consacre d\u00e8s lors quasi exclusivement \u00e0 l'apr\u00e8s-divorce, d\u00e9laissant les causes et les processus de rupture. Une rapide comparaison internationale montre que l'analyse causale et statistique du divorce reste, au contraire, tr\u00e8s pr\u00e9sente \u00e0 l'\u00e9tranger. /// El art\u00edculo presenta una historia cr\u00edtica de la constituci\u00f3n del divorcio como objeto de estudio sociol\u00f3gico y da cuenta de las principales orientaciones actuales de investigaci\u00f3n en Francia en este campo. Teniendo que ver con el contexto pol\u00edtico en el cual se ha desarrollado, la sociolog\u00eda del divorcio ha estado influenciada por mucho tiempo por consideraciones ideol\u00f3gicas, taly como lo atestigua la oposici\u00f3n de Durkheim al restablecimiento del divorcio por consentimiento mutuo. El estudio sociol\u00f3gico del divorcio cobra verdaderamente auge en el momento de la reforma del C\u00f3digo civil a finales de los a\u00f1os 1960, mientras que se constituye detr\u00e1s del Decano Carbonnier un equipo de investigaci\u00f3n interdisciplinario encargado de hacer progresar los conocimientos sobre la divorcialidad de los Franceses. La demograf\u00eda cuantitativa ocupa entonces un lugar central en las investigaciones. A partir de los a\u00f1os 1980, frente a la trivializaci\u00f3n del divorcio en la sociedad francesa pero tambi\u00e9n ante el desarrollo de las uniones sin matrimonio y de las separaciones sin divorcio, la sociolog\u00eda de la pareja experimenta un viraje tanto te\u00f3rico, metodol\u00f3gico y epistemol\u00f3gico. Se dedica desde entonces de manera casi exclusiva al post-divorcio, dejando de lado las causas y los procesos de ruptura. Una r\u00e1pida comparaci\u00f3n internacional muestra que el an\u00e1lisis causal y estad\u00edstico del divorcio sigue, por el contrario, muy presente en el extranjero.\n      </p>", "European countries differ considerably in their marriage patterns. The study presented in this paper describes these differences for the 1990s and attempts to explain them from a macro-level perspective. We find that different indicators of marriage (i.e., marriage rate, age at marriage, divorce rate, and prevalence of unmarried cohabitation) cannot be seen as indicators of an underlying concept such as the 'strength of marriage'. Multivariate ordinary least squares (OLS) regression analyses are estimated with countries as units and panel regression models are estimated in which annual time series for multiple countries are pooled. Using these models, we find that popular explanations of trends in the indicators\u2014explanations that focus on gender roles, secularization, unemployment, and educational expansion\u2014are also important for understanding differences among countries. We also find evidence for the role of historical continuity and societal disintegration in understanding cross-national differences.\n      </p>", "Muslim Personal Law stands on the brink of being written into the statute books of South Africa. This article focuses on the opportunities and challenges Muslim women will face in light of marriage and divorce with the recognition of the Draft Muslim Marriages Bill. It highlights the status of Muslim women in Islam, and it provides an overview of the present status quo of Muslim women in South Africa and the impact the Draft Muslim Marriages Bill will have on Muslim women.\n      </p>", "This study assesses the implications of divorce in the grandparent generation for grandparent-grandchild relationships. The sample of 538 grandparents comes from the Iowa Youth and Families Project. Results indicate that many aspects of grandparenting are negatively associated with ever experiencing a divorce. Some of the negative effects of divorce are explained by ever-divorced grandparents' greater geographic distance from, and weaker bonds to, their adult children. Negative effects of divorce are stronger for grandfathers and paternal grandparents. Furthermore, a good grandparent-parent relationship can compensate for the negative effects of a grandparent's divorce on relations with grandchildren. Implications of these findings are discussed in the context of the increasing percentage of individuals moving into the later years who have experienced a divorce.\n      </p>", "Community marriage initiatives (CMIs) are designed to strengthen marriage and increase marital stability by addressing relevant laws, policies, and cultural factors. We examined a specific CMI designed to lower divorce rates by establishing a shared public commitment among clergy to strengthen marriage. A mixed-effects general linear model was used to determine whether changes in divorce rates over time were different before than after in 122 sites. Results indicate that divorce rates declined more rapidly following adoption, and this decline was larger than that observed in comparison counties. This difference in declines translates into a 2% difference annually in favor of CMI counties. Implications for measuring the effectiveness of CMIs are addressed.\n      </p>", "The present paper reviews the research literature on children's experience of the restructuring of the family following divorce. Methodological issues in this area are addressed. Recurrent findings are identified and then discussed within a theoretical framework using cumulative stress and family systems concepts. The effects of divorce are organized according to differences observed as a function of the following variables: the child's age and gender, parental conflict, post-divorce family stability, and parent-child relationships. Custody arrangements and visitation patterns potentially minimizing the deleterious effects related to these variables are identified.\n      </p>", "This article summarizes research that challenges conventional wisdom about the early roots of marital distress and divorce. We abstract results from a 13-year study that focused on the extent to which long-term marital satisfaction and stability could be forecast from newlywed and early marital data. We explore the usefulness of three models--emergent distress, enduring dynamics, and disillusionment--designed to explain why some marriages thrive and others fail. The dominant paradigm, the emergent-distress model, sees newlyweds as homogeneously blissful and posits that distress develops as disagreements and negativity escalate, ultimately leading some couples to divorce. The results we summarize run counter to this model and suggest instead that (a) newlyweds differ considerably in the intensity of both their romance and the negativity of their behavior toward one another and, for those who remain married, these early dynamics persist over time; and (b) for couples who divorce, romance seems to deteriorate differently depending on how long the marriage lasts. Soon after their wedding, \"early exiters\" seem to lose hope of improving an unpromising relationship; \"delayed-action divorcers\" begin marriage on a particularly high note, yet quickly show signs of disillusionment. These delayed-action divorcers reluctantly give up on the marriage long after the romance has faded.\n      </p>", "In this experiment we examined the roles of male size and female eavesdropping in divorce using the serially monogamous convict cichlid (Archocentrus nigrofasciatus) by testing predictions based upon the better option hypothesis of divorce. We tested the role of male size by exposing females to males that were 20-25% larger than their current mate or males that were similar size to their current mate. Female convict cichlids prefer larger males, therefore we predicted that the frequency of divorce would be higher when the alternate mate was larger than the current mate. We also examined the role of eavesdropping as a mechanism of female assessment of relative male quality. Females were either permitted to eavesdrop (males physically interacted) or females were unable to eavesdrop (males prevented from interacting). We predicted that female eavesdropping would result in greater frequency of divorce. We found that females chose divorce most often (50% ending in divorce) in the treatment where the alternate male was larger than the current mate and eavesdropping was permitted, whereas females never chose divorce in the treatment where the alternate male was similar in size to the current mate and the female was not permitted to eavesdrop. Although it had a mild effect, male size difference alone did not significantly increase divorce. When size difference was coupled with eavesdropping, however, females did significantly increase their divorce rates.\n      </p>", "This study examines the relationship between gendered family roles and divorce in The Netherlands. Cultural and economic aspects of this relationship are distinguished. Economic hypotheses argue that the likelihood of divorce is increased if women work for pay and have attractive labor market resources. Cultural hypotheses argue that divorce chances are increased if women adhere to emancipatory norms, independent of their labor market positions. An event-history analysis of a life-history survey among 1,289 Dutch women reveals evidence for both hypotheses. Interaction effects are found as well: The protective effect of a traditional division of paid labor is only present among couples in which wives have traditional gender attitudes. Hence, the validity of economic explanations of divorce is conditional on cultural values.\n      </p>", "This paper has two primary objectives. The first is to assess the current status of efforts to prevent mental health problems in children of divorce by highlighting the importance of using theory in the design and evaluation of prevention programs and by reviewing the empirical research on the efficacy of programs to improve outcomes for children of divorce. The second objective is to propose two future directions for advancing theory-based preventive interventions for children of divorce: (a) improving our understanding of the theoretical mechanisms underlying prevention program effects, and (b) bridging the gap between the current evidence of program efficacy and the development of a public health strategy to reduce the negative outcomes experienced by children of divorce.\n      </p>", "This study addresses the influence of recent parental divorce on contact and affective relations between 485 white young adults, ages 18 to 23, and their parents. Although custody was not a factor in most of these cases, findings similar to those revealed in studies of young children with maternal custody emerged. Young adults from divorced families had less contact with their fathers, and daughters of divorce reported less intimacy in relation to their fathers than did their intact-family peers. Relations with mothers did not vary between the two groups. In addition, feelings about a given parent were strongly correlated with contact with that parent in divorced but not in intact families, suggesting that parental divorce is associated with weakened obligation, and that family relationships may become more voluntary after divorce.\n      </p>", "For a time Japan led the world in the percentage of divorce, but in 1915 the United States overtook and exceeded the rate of Japan. The annual average number of divorces, calculated for five-year periods, since 1884 shows an unbroken downward trend. The rate has decreased in spite of factors which are regarded as causes in the increasing divorce rate in the United States. Among the eleven geographical districts, the prefecture of Okinawa leads in the number of divorces, while Hokkaido has the lowest rate. The divorce rate is higher in the prefectures where early marriage takes place, and where there is marriage by Mukoyoshi (an adopted son by marriage). The divorce rate is higher in cities than in rural districts, and higher in cities with population of less than 50,000 than in cities having more than 50,000. The decreasing divorce rate seems to be related to the changing ideas and ideals of the Japanese, the so-called \"family system\" has been passing away, Japanese women have become more independent, due to the influence of education, and the wishes of the young people are being considered before marriage.\n      </p>", "Divorcing parents have the challenge of determining postdivorce rights and responsibilities. If they are unable to meet this challenge, a judge will determine these rights and responsibilities. This legal agreement constitutes the divorce settlement and includes custody, visitation, and financial arrangements. The purpose of this article is to outline common custody, visitation, child and spousal support, and property arrangements and to identify factors which correlate with various arrangements. Based on this review, questions are raised that family life educators, therapists, and policy advocates should consider when planning and implementing their interventions, and possible program formats are proposed.\n      </p>", "A process-oriented approach to parental divorce locates the experience within the social and developmental context of children's lives, providing greater insight into how parental divorce produces vulnerability in some children and resiliency in others. The current study involves prospectively tracking a nationally representative sample of Canadian children of ages 4-7 and living with two biological parents at initial interview in 1994 (N = 2,819), and comparing the mental health trajectories of children whose parents remain married with those whose parents divorce by 1998. Results from growth curve models confirm that, even before marital breakup, children whose parents later divorce exhibit higher levels of anxiety/depression and antisocial behavior than children whose parents remain married. There is a further increase in child anxiety/depression but not antisocial behavior associated with the event of parental divorce itself. Controlling for predivorce parental socioeconomic and psychosocial resources fully accounts for poorer child mental health at initial interview among children whose parents later divorce, but does not explain the divorce-specific increase in anxiety/depression. Finally, a significant interaction between parental divorce and predivorce levels of family dysfunction suggests that child antisocial behavior decreases when marriages in highly dysfunctional families are dissolved.\n      </p>", "Using archival records of 216 court cases, this article argues that divorce law practices lie at the core of the tradition of \"Maoist justice\" that remains profoundly influential in the present-day Chinese civil justice system. These practices were born of a distinctive set of historical circumstances: the need to steer a middle course between an early radical promise of divorce on demand and the reality of peasant opposition, and the merging of peasant practices with Communist Party methods and doctrines. They must be understood in terms not of an either/or binary--modernity and tradition, party and peasant--but rather of the interaction between them. They involve on-site investigations by judges and aggressive efforts at \"mediation,\" as well as the formulation of ganqing (emotional relationship) as the basis for marriage and divorce. They have in fact been centrally important in shaping the civil justice system as a whole.\n      </p>", "For the adolescent undergoing multiple developmental changes, divorce and its related transitions present additional challenges, promoting growth for some and constituting developmental vulnerabilities for others. A review of the literature on adolescent development, family relationships, and the impact of divorce on adolescents reveals that adolescents experience divorce differently than younger children and that a positive parent-adolescent relationship can ameliorate the negative effects of divorce. Major gaps in the literature, particularly in the areas of differential effects for ethnic and minority youth and families and the effect of diverse family configurations on development, are identified. Specific suggestions for further research are proposed.\n      </p>", "Divorce is a leap in the dark. The paper investigates whether people who split up actually become happier. Using the British Household Panel Survey, we can observe an individual's level of psychological well-being in the years before and after divorce. Our results show that divorcing couples reap psychological gains from the dissolution of their marriages. Men and women benefit equally. The paper also studies the effects of bereavement, of having dependant children and of remarriage. We measure well-being by using general health questionnaire and life satisfaction scores.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the issues of marriage and divorce amongst rural Indians and particularly Indian females, in Trinidad between 1900 and 1940. Marriage was central to the life of these women. Internal migration of the women on marriage opened up possibilities that were not likely had they not relocated. Having children also aided the women in gaining personal strength within the Indian family and community. Through extra-marital affairs, separation and divorce, the rural Indian woman expressed her opinion of herself. Marriage and divorce became an arena where the Indian woman was able to define who she was and to create a space for herself. Within the framework prescribed for her, she forged her destiny, yet without shattering it.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the interaction between decisions on divorce and fertility. The analysis generates two major implications. Firstly, it complements the existing literature on endogenous fertility to explain why population growth and economic growth can be negatively correlated after an economy develops to a certain level. Secondly, it indicates that economic development leads to a simultaneous increase in divorce rates and decrease in fertility rates.\n      </p>", "In the sixties and early seventies the number of divorces had no strong impact on the process of household formation and dissolution in the Netherlands. Now the number of divorces is 40% of the number of marriages and 60% of the number of marriages that end by death of one of the partners. The high number of divorces has a strong impact on the housing market. Six to seven years after the divorce the extra demand for housing is about one-third of the number of divorces in any given year. The public rental stock, in particular, is confronted with a growing demand for housing by the divorced. For the majority of the divorced persons who do not remarry, the breakup of the marriage entails a severe breach in their housing career. /// Au cours des ann\u00e9es soixante et au d\u00e9but des ann\u00e9es soixante-dix le nombre de divorces observ\u00e9 en Hollande n'avait pas d'effet prononc\u00e9 sur la formation et la dissolution des m\u00e9nages. Actuellement, le nombre de divorces atteint 40% du nombre des mariages et 60% du nombre des mariages qui se terminent par le d\u00e9c\u00e8s d'un des conjoints. Le nombre \u00e9lev\u00e9 de divorces a un effet prononc\u00e9 sur le march\u00e9 du logement. Six ou sept ans apr\u00e8s le divorce, la demande suppl\u00e9mentaire de logements est pr\u00e8s du tiers du nombre de divorces annuels. Le parc des logements locatifs publiques est confront\u00e9 \u00e0 une demande croissante de logements par les divorc\u00e9s. Pour la plupart de ces divorc\u00e9s qui ne se remarient pas, la s\u00e9paration des \u00e9poux entra\u00eene une rupture importante dans l'histoire de leurs logement.\n      </p>", "The decision of whether to divorce a breeding partner between reproductive attempts can significantly affect individual fitness. In this paper, we report that 63% of surviving pairs of long-tailed tits Aegithalos caudatus divorced between years. We examine three likely explanations for the high divorce rate in this cooperative breeder. The `better option' hypothesis predicts that divorce and re-pairing increases an individual's reproductive success. However, divorcees did not secure better partners or more helpers and there was no improvement in their reproductive success following divorce. The `inbreeding avoidance' hypothesis predicts that females should disperse from their family group to avoid breeding with philopatric sons. The observed pattern of divorce was consistent with this hypothesis because, in contrast to the usual avian pattern, divorce was typical for successful pairs (81%) and less frequent in unsuccessful pairs (36-43%). The `forced divorce' hypothesis predicts that divorce increases as the number of competitors increases. The pattern of divorce among failed breeders was consistent with this hypothesis, but it fails to explain the overall occurrence of divorce because divorcees rarely re-paired with their partners' closest competitors. We discuss long-tailed tits' unique association between divorce and reproductive success in the context of dispersal strategies for inbreeding avoidance.\n      </p>", "1. Two hypotheses to explain why divorce in birds may be adaptive are the `incompatibility hypothesis' and the `better option hypothesis'. At least two more, non-adaptive, hypotheses exist: the `accidental loss' and the `forced divorce' hypothesis. We propose a third non-adaptive hypothesis `the musical chairs hypothesis'. 2. After making predictions to make it possible to distinguish between these hypotheses we analysed five blue tit Parus caeruleus populations. Divorce rates varied between 8 and 85%. 3. Birds that divorced laid significantly later and tended to have raised fewer young in the year before the divorce compared to pairs that stayed together. These latter did better than the population mean. 4. Females, but not males, improve reproductive success after a divorce compared to birds that remained faithful. 5. Divorce rates decrease with female, but not with male age. This suggests that females divorce males, rather than the other way round and that divorce in blue tits can be explained through the better option hypothesis. 6. Benefits of divorce do not differ between study populations in the same way as divorce rates, implying that the same hypothesis can be invoked to explain divorce in all populations. 7. We suggest that differences in divorce rate are the result of differences in the costs of finding a new partner. These costs are probably mainly influenced by the social organization during the non-breeding season: in populations where most pairs remain on the territory search costs are high and divorce rates low; in populations where birds flock outside the breeding season search costs are low and divorce rates high.\n      </p>", "Adult children's reports of relationship changes with their fathers were examined 20 years after their parents' divorce. Data were drawn from interviews with 173 adult children from the Binuclear Family Study about their perceptions of their parents' divorce and its long-term impact. Findings indicated that most adult children felt that their relationships with their fathers had either improved or remained stable over time. Custody did not directly affect reported changes in the quality of their relationship with their fathers; however, increased interparental conflict, early father remarriage, and low father involvement in the early postdivorce years were associated with worsening relationships over time. Those who reported that their relationships with their fathers got worse also reported poorer quality relationships with their stepmothers, stepsiblings, and paternal grandparents.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates the predictability of divorce in a long-term, prospective longitudinal study. Past research has indicated that 2 periods can be considered the most critical for the survival of marriages: (a) the first 7 years of marriage, during which half of all divorces are known to occur, and (b) the period during which the first child reaches 14 years of age, which has been suggested as a low point for marital satisfaction in the life course. In the present study, interaction variables at Time 1 (both during conflict and in an events-of-the-day discussion following separation of the spouses for at least 8 hours) and noninteractive variables were used to predict divorcing both early and later in the marriage. A different set of variables predicted early divorcing than predicted later divorcing. Negative affect during conflict predicted early divorcing, but it did not predict later divorcing. By contrast, the lack of positive affect in events-of-the-day and conflict discussions predicted later divorcing, but it did not predict early divorcing. Prediction was possible over the 14-year period of the study with a model that included marital satisfaction, thoughts of marital dissolution, and affective interaction in both conversations. The model predicted divorce with 93% accuracy.\n      </p>", "Several hypotheses about the adaptive value of divorce in birds predict a positive effect of breeding success on mate retention. Although some studies have provided direct support for this prediction, others have failed to demonstrate any significant influence of breeding success on mate retention. To date, no one has investigated the overall empirical evidence for such a relationship. We used a meta-analysis of published results to investigate whether the rate of divorce between consecutive breeding seasons differed between successful and unsuccessful breeders among monogamous bird species. The analysis was based on 38 studies involving 35 different species. The mean weighted effect size, measured as the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient, was 0.112 and differed significantly from zero. Despite the relatively low mean effect size, this finding is extremely robust given the large fail-safe number, indicating that more than 1,333 additional nonsignificant studies would be necessary to reduce the effect size to a nonsignificant value. There was no evidence that year of publication had a significant influence on the results. Comparing between species, the difference in divorce rates between unsuccessful and successful pairs was negatively related to clutch size, even after controlling for phylogenetic dependence and the potential effect of adult survival rate. This indicates that the traditional measure of breeding success (failed versus fledged at least one young) may not be appropriate for species that typically lay large clutches. Therefore, the relatively moderate overall effect of breeding success on divorce might be considered as an underestimation of the true effect.\n      </p>"], "words": {"mediation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dissolution": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "four": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grandparent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "adjustment": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "decisions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "children": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "causes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poorly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "presents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promoting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "summarizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reforms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perceived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transmission": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spiritual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neighborhood": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "guidelines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prediction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "past": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "likely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functioning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "depression": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "settlement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deeply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brief": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expressed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "degree": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "men": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reported": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "others": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "directions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consideration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "search": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 21, "prob": 0.00017390656248835446}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "usually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "tasks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "explained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "africa": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marriages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcomes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychological": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "socioeconomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "from": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "would": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "probabilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indians": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "divorce,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "france": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sample": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "about": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "tested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adult": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "normative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divorced": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "rights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 38, "prob": 0.0003146880654551176}, "challenge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remarriage": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "reviews": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "remain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "male": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "links": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "household": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "constituting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "information": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "end": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discussion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsibilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "widespread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "law": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "individual,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "element": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypotheses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "inform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "democratic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "produced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "course": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "japan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roots": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adolescence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "longitudinal": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "personal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "symptoms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constitutes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "half": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "netherlands": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mothers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "establishing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "skills": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fitness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "financial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "series": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "marital": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "challenges": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "frequency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transitions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canada": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "living": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initiatives": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "females,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sociological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "adaptive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "judith": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mechanisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differ": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "interaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "diminished": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "place": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divorcing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "childhood": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "south": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "origin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "americans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "city": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divorce": {"number": 56, "prob": 0.0004637508333022786}, "girls": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "rates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relationship": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "that": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "explanation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wisdom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transfers,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focusing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "australia,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roles": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "summary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "female": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marriage": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "risks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 48, "prob": 0.00039750071425909595}, "have": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "climate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "histories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labour": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experienced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "incidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assesses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "parenting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "popularity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differentiate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explain": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "written": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypothesized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "areas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "following": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determinants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bird": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fertility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explanations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "individual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "jobs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capacity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "subsequent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "game,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "birds": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "state": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "previous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "muslim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parent": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "parental": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypothesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "article": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sexes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "relevant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distress": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reasons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overview": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "community": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trust": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perspectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "west": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adoption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meeting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "families": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "received": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "great": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "representative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systematic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "child": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "an": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "those": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "judicial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examines": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "century": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "couples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "in": {"number": 55, "prob": 0.00045546956842188076}, "partner": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regression": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "if": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cohort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "who": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stimulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "conflict": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "european": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "investigated": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "monogamous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "assessing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "purpose": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "changing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "early": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "records": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "indonesia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "object": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 120, "prob": 0.0009937517856477398}, "opinions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "guided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "settlements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "underlying": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "predicts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "workers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "had": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parents": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "compares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "transformation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rules": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virginia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dark": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increases": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "birth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accelerating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "understood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intact": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matching": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recognition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developmental": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "for": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "decision": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "legal": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "leap": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "does": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "measures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "conventional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "accompanied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "on": {"number": 24, "prob": 0.00019875035712954797}, "exhibit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 90, "prob": 0.0007453138392358049}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mixed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "civic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "involvement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "significantly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adolescent": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alleged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breeding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analyze": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "materials": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considerably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "timing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "boys": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproductive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "books": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heterogeneous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emotional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "similar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beliefs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detailed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mediation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "adults": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "changes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "administered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "including,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "income": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "june": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "longer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "age": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "laws": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}}}