{"total_words": 774, "documents": ["This paper focuses on whether microhabitat selection reduces exposure to cold temperatures in highelevation tropical amphibians. I studied the microhabitat associations and thermal ecology of four anurans (Colostethus subpunctatus, Atelopus sp. nov., Eleutherodactylus bogotensis, and Hyla labialis) that live in the Andes of central Colombia. I compared two populations (3500 m and 2900 m) to evaluate the impact of a change in elevation on microhabitat thermal regimes and frog behavior. Ambient temperatures of frequently used microhabitats (soil surface, retreat sites, bogs, and ponds) were significantly lower at 3500 m. However, for each species the microhabitat associations and general patterns of activity were similar at both elevations. Body temperatures of active frogs were mainly determined by the interaction between microhabitat selection and time of the day, therefore frogs at 3500 m had lower activity temperatures than conspecifics at 2900 m. Terrestrial and diurnal anurans (Atelopus sp. nov.) experienced highly variable activity temperatures. Frogs associated with water bodies (C. subpunctatus, and H. labialis) experienced more moderate and less variable temperatures. Terrestrial, nocturnal frogs (E. bogotensis) exhibited the lowest activity temperatures, and their thermal ecology was strongly affected by increase in altitude. The physical nature of high tropical elevations limits the opportunities for behavioral thermoregulation in amphibians, and increases the importance of physiological adjustments to tolerate a wide thermal range. This may partially explain why only a small number of amphibian species, representing genera that are much more diverse at lower elevations, have been able to exploit these environments.\n      </p>", "Evolutionary ecologists have long debated the extent to which communities in similar environments but different geographic regions exhibit convergence. On the one hand, if species' adaptations and community structure are determined by environmental features, convergence would be expected. However, if historical contingencies have long-lasting effects convergence would be unlikely. Most studies to date have emphasized the differences between communities in similar environments and little quantitative evidence for convergence exists. The application of comparative phylogenetic methods to ecological studies provides an opportunity to further investigate hypotheses of convergence. We compared the evolutionary patterns of structural ecology and morphology of 42 species of iguanian lizards from deserts of Australia and North America. Using a comparative approach, we found that evolutionary convergence of ecology and morphology occurs both in overall, community-wide patterns and in terms of pairs of highly similar intercontinental pairs of species. This result indicates that in these desert lizards, deterministic adaptive evolution shapes community patterns and overrides the historical contingencies unique to particular lineages.\n      </p>", "The ecosystem consequences of dramatic declines or changes in biodiversity have spurred considerable research and tremendous debate that has rekindled most of the major conflicts in ecology, creating a sense of d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu. These conflicts include whether ecosystem or community ecology provides better insights into the workings of nature, the relative importance of biotic vs. abiotic factors in governing community composition and structure, the virtues of phenomenological vs. mechanistic research, the relationship between biodiversity and stability, the relative importance of taxonomic vs. functional diversity, and the relative strengths of observation vs. experimental approaches. Although the tone of the debate has been regrettable, its magnitude signifies the emergence of a new paradigm, one in a series of debates associated with the dialectic that has structured ecological inquiry over two millennia of Western science. This dialectic concerns the tension between those who seek to explain nature by studying its parts and those who seek to explain nature by studying whole-system behavior. Philosophers and historians argue that such a dialectic generates cycles in which a central tenet is challenged by an emerging paradigm, generating new theories and new data to test the emerging paradigm. The scientific community evaluates the accumulating evidence (and it is here that the debates arise), and if subscription to the emerging paradigm increases sufficiently, the emerging paradigm evolves into a new central tenet. Fractionation within the sciences exacerbates this cycle because subdisciplines often focus on either the parts or the whole. Such splintering can be traced to the abandonment of the holistic approach of Aristotelian science during the Scientific Revolution. While such holism may have lessened debate, some have argued that it stagnated Western science. The dialectic, the cycles of emerging paradigms it generates, and the debates that surround each emergence represent the vehicle by which ecology moves forward. Emerging paradigms force scientists to revisit central tenets, pitting old ideas against new theories and new data, and this revisiting is what generates the sense of d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu and the cycles of vigorous debate, but ultimately each cycle leads to synthesis and progress. The emerging paradigm that biodiversity governs ecosystem function is rapidly evolving. In the words of Thomas Kuhn, its controversial experiments have successfully articulated the paradigm. It has successfully challenged ecology's central tenet that biodiversity is primarily an epiphenomenon of ecosystem function secondarily structured by community processes. In its most extreme form, it claims that the reverse is true. Of course, neither the central tenet of ecology nor the emerging paradigm is correct in an absolute sense, but the dialectic that promoted the emergence of biodiversity and ecosystem function as a paradigm redirected ecology to focus on the feedback between ecosystem function and biodiversity rather than studying them independently. The final stage in the evolution of this emerging paradigm will be explicit tests of synthetic mechanisms that have been proposed. Familiarity with the ecological dialectic provides a framework by which ecologists can understand the origin and utility of paradigms in ecology, provides a proper context for the debate that surrounds paradigms as they emerge, promotes synthesis, and deters intellectual chauvinism that may inadvertently accompany specialization within ecology.\n      </p>", "Fecally dispersed parasites of 12 wild mammal species in Mudumalai Sanctuary, southern India, were studied. Fecal propagule densities and parasite diversity measures were correlated with host ecological variables. Host species with higher predatory pressure had lower parasite loads and parasite diversity. Host body weight, home range, population density, gregariousness, and diet did not show predicted effects on parasite loads. Measures of \u03b1 diversity were positively correlated with parasite abundance and were negatively correlated with \u03b2 diversity. Based on these data, hypotheses regarding determinants of parasite community are discussed.\n      </p>", "Landscape ecology offers a spatially explicit perspective on the relationships between ecological patterns and processes that can be applied across a range of scales. Concepts derived from landscape ecology now permeate ecological research across most levels of ecological organization and many scales. Landscape ecology developed rapidly after ideas that originated in Europe were introduced to scientists in North America. Key research questions put forth in the early 1980s that catalyzed landscape-level research focused on the formative processes that produce spatial pattern; effects of spatial heterogeneity on the spread of disturbance and fluxes of organisms, material, and energy; and potential applications of landscape ecology in natural resource management. This article describes the development of landscape ecology in North America, discusses current questions and new insights that have emerged, and comments on future directions that are likely to produce new ecological insights. Ecology faces a broad array of challenging questions that require a plurality of approaches and creative insights. Landscape ecology should continue to push the limits of understanding of the reciprocal interactions between spatial patterns and ecological processes and seek opportunities to test the generality of its concepts across systems and scales.\n      </p>", "We introduce a heuristic model for studying the evolution of ecological ideas based on Thomas Kuhn's concept of the development of scientific paradigms. This model is useful for examining processes leading to ecological progress and the elaboration of ecological theories. Over time, ecological knowledge diverges and evolves as data are collected that either refute or support the current trajectories of accepted paradigms. As a result, the direction of ecological research continuously branches out into new domains leading to increased ecological understanding. Unfortunately, heightened ecological understanding also builds impediments to future progress. Increased specialization and the parallel evolution of seemingly independent subdisciplines generally compel researchers to become increasingly canalized. Specialization also accelerates the expansion of the ecological literature, making it difficult for researchers to track developments in their own subdisciplines, let alone the general field of ecology. Furthermore, specialization inherently focuses attention on contemporary research and hastens the erasure of memory of historical contributions to modern ecology. As a result, contemporary ecologists are in danger of losing touch with their historical roots and face a greater likelihood of recycling ideas and impeding real scientific momentum. Enhancing our historical perspective on the evolution of ecological ideas will be key in overcoming the negative consequences of progress and safeguarding the continued advancement of ecology.\n      </p>", "The extent to which the biodiversity and community composition of ecosystems affect their functions is an issue that grows ever more compelling as human impacts on ecosystems increase. We present evidence that supports a novel function of vertebrate biodiversity, the buffering of human risk of exposure to Lyme-disease-bearing ticks. We tested the Dilution Effect model, which predicts that high species diversity in the community of tick hosts reduces vector infection prevalence by diluting the effects of the most competent disease reservoir, the ubiquitous white-footed mouse (Peromyscus leucopus). As habitats are degraded by fragmentation or other anthropogenic forces, some members of the host community disappear. Thus, species-poor communities tend to have mice, but few other hosts, whereas species-rich communities have mice, plus many other potential hosts. We demonstrate that the most common nonmouse hosts are relatively poor reservoirs for the Lyme spirochete and should reduce the prevalence of the disease by feeding, but rarely infecting, ticks. By accounting for nearly every host species' contribution to the number of larval ticks fed and infected, we show that as new host species are added to a depauperate community, the nymphal infection prevalence, a key risk factor, declines. We identify important \"dilution hosts\" (e.g., squirrels), characterized by high tick burdens, low reservoir competence, and high population density, as well as \"rescue hosts\" (e.g., shrews), which are capable of maintaining high disease risk when mouse density is low. Our study suggests that the preservation of vertebrate biodiversity and community composition can reduce the incidence of Lyme disease.\n      </p>", "In this issue of ABT that focuses on ecology, I believe it should be of interest to reflect briefly on its history and development to provide a context for what ecology is at present. Much of what follows is derived from my previous publications (Kormondy, 1965, 1996).\n      </p>", "Ecological research on nonhuman primates developed separately from the discipline of ecology as a whole, and has in the past been characterized by a distinctive set of goals and assumptions. This paper examines some of the problems surrounding these assumptions. Recently, primate ecologists have begun to adopt the conceptual framework of other ecologists; it is argued here that this trend does not in fact solve all the old problems. Finally, the future of primate ecology is considered briefly.\n      </p>", "Weed Scientists, like many other agricultural scientists and natural resource land managers, often engage in debate with other members of society about values and perceptions of food and fiber production. The focus of the debate is usually on the tools and tactics to grow crops, produce wood, or manage grazing land. Environmental ethical issues have dominated discussions among the membership of WSSA for decades. Examples include the decade-long debate over 2,4,5-T use in forestry and now water quality and human health concerns about atrazine use in agriculture. Ecology is a scientific discipline that seeks knowledge about the interactions of organism, their environments, and, more broadly, the effect of human activities on them. Because weeds are a consequence of how we grow food, the study of both ecological and human components of agroecosystems should allow weed scientists to construct management strategies that more fully address the production, environmental, and social implications of weeds and weeding.\n      </p>", "A functional type approach, in which the complexity found in nature is reduced by grouping organisms that are functionally similar into a single classification, is being promoted in global change research. This paper examines a proposed analogy between this functional type approach in global change ecology and the periodic table of the elements in chemistry. When applied to a 'bottom-up' approach for defining functional types in ecology, in which large numbers of organisms are classified into smaller groups based on similarity of certain functions, the analogy fails. Ecological functions are not simple attributes of a biological entity, as electronic structure is for a chemical element, but are themselves complex chemical and physical systems that often interact strongly with the environment. The analogy to the periodic table may be of some use as an organizing tool in a 'top-down' approach in which a modelling context is used to define the number of 'elements' and their properties. This will be elaborated for plant functional types. Each PFT is assigned characteristics that allow its response to the driving forces of change, e.g. temperature, precipitation, soil nutrients, disturbance, to be predicted. 'Rules of combination' determine how the mix of PFTs in a particular ecosystem changes to form different ecosystems, which would correspond in the analogy to chemical compounds. However, these requirements present significant challenges to the usefulness of the analogy, even as an organizing tool in the 'top-down' approach.\n      </p>", "Large-scale biodiversity informatics projects will not properly address the needs of one important potential user group. Ecologists do not have ready access to datasets which allow them to assign plant species to functional types. We believe that information technology has developed sufficiently to allow taxonomists and ecologists to work together to address this need and develop specimen databases to combine taxonomic data with ecological and ecophysiological information so that this information will be assigned to the correct taxon in the future. Digital images provide a rapid and economical method of vouchering specimen data, reducing the need to store physical vouchers in herbaria.\n      </p>", "Comparisons of brain-body size relationships within small mammal and primate families reveal intergeneric differences related to diet and foraging strategy. These same associations between relative brain size and ecology are also evident among interfamily comparisons.\n      </p>", "This is very much a personal view of what I think are some of the most important unanswered questions in ecology. That is, these are the questions that I expect will be high on the research agenda over the coming century. The list is organized hierarchically, beginning with questions at the level of individual populations, and progressing through interacting populations to entire communities or ecosystems. I will try to guess both at possible advances in basic knowledge and at potential applications. The only thing that is certain about this view of the future is that much of it will surely turn out to be wrong, and many of the most interesting future developments will be quite unforeseen.\n      </p>", "Research on the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area casts doubt on the assertion that factorial ecology can be used to derive the \"community of outlook.\" Social areas delimited by factorial ecology were not effective in identifying common interests and values as revealed by the composite of printed information sources in sampled households.\n      </p>", "Ecologists hold two views about the role of herbivory in ecosystem dynamics. First, from a food web perspective in population/community ecology, consumption by herbivores reduces plant abundance. Second, from a nutrient cycling perspective in ecosystem ecology, herbivory sometimes slows down cycling, which decreases plant abundance, but at other times speeds up cycling, which possibly increases plant abundance. The nutrient cycling perspective on herbivory has been experimentally addressed more thoroughly in aquatic systems than in terrestrial systems. We experimentally examined how grasshoppers influence nutrient cycling and, thereby, plant abundance and plant species composition over a period of 5 years. We examined how grasshoppers influence nutrient (nitrogen) cycling (i) by their excrement, (ii) by changing the abundance of and the decomposition rate of plant litter, and (iii) by both. Grasshoppers may speed up nitrogen cycling by changing the abundance and decomposition rate of plant litter, which increases total plant abundance (up to 32.9 g/m2 or 18%), especially, the abundance of plants that are better competitors when nitrogen is more available. However, whether grasshoppers enhance plant abundance depends on how much they consume. Consequently, ecosystems and food web perspectives are not mutually exclusive. Finally, under some conditions, grasshoppers may decrease nutrient cycling and plant abundance.\n      </p>", "A 3- to 5-year cycle of vole abundances is a characteristic phenomenon in the ecology of northern regions, and their explanation stands as a central theoretical challenge in population ecology. Although many species of voles usually coexist and are in severe competition for food and breeding space, the role of interspecific competition in vole cycles has never been evaluated statistically. After studying community effects on the population dynamics of the gray-sided vole (Clethrionomys rufocanus) in the subarctic birch forest at Kilpisjarvi, Finland, we report statistical results showing that both interspecific and intraspecific effects are important in the direct year-to-year density dependence. However, interspecific effects are not detectable in the 2-year delayed density dependence that is crucial for generating the characteristic cycles. Furthermore, we show that most of the competition takes place during the winter. The results are evaluated against two models of community dynamics. One assumes that the delayed effects are caused by an interaction with a specialist predator, and the other assumes that they are caused by overgrazing food plants. These statistical results show that vole cycles may be generated by a species-specific trophic interaction. The results also suggest that the graysided vole may be the focal species in the birch-forest community, as field voles may be in the taiga and as lemmings may be on the tundra.\n      </p>", "Experiments using planktonic organisms revealed that the balance of radiant energy and available nutrients regulated herbivore growth rates through their effects on abundance and chemical composition of primary producers. Both algae and herbivores were energy limited at low light/nutrient ratios, but both were nutrient limited at high light/nutrient ratios. Herbivore growth increased with increasing light intensity at low values of the light/nutrient ratio due to increases in algal biomass, but growth decreased with increasing light at a high light/nutrient ratio due to decreases in algal quality. Herbivore production therefore was maximal at intermediate levels of the light/nutrient ratio. The results contribute to an understanding of mass transfer mechanisms in ecosystems and illustrate the importance of integration of energy-based and material-based currencies in ecology.\n      </p>", "In the factorial ecology of American cities, the labels \"socioeconomic status\" and \"life cycle\" have been given to the two principal axes on the basis of several consistently related variables. If the general use of these names implies recurring processes of housing choice and city growth, which result in the observed residential patterns, then all variables related to these processes should exhibit consistent relationships to the principal axes. A systematic comparison of the loadings of variables for ten American cities reveals both consistencies and notable differences in the relationships of attributes to the two major dimensions. Careful attention to the characteristics of the populations submitted to the technique of factorial ecology is required to account for the variations, and may suggest new or refined explanations for the spatial relationships. Regional variations in social stratification, demographic characteristics, occupational structure, local housing market conditions and preferences, city age, and morphology seem to account for many of the differences.\n      </p>", "Because bird species are lost when forests are fragmented into small parcels, trees that depend on fruit-eating birds for seed dispersal may fail to recruit seedlings if dispersal agents disappear. We tested this prediction in rainforest in the East Usambara Mountains of Tanzania, by using the endemic tree Leptonychia usambarensis (Sterculiaceae) and birds that disperse its seeds. We investigated bird abundance and Leptonychia dispersal ecology in fragments isolated for &gt;70 yr, as compared with 3,500 ha of continuous forest. Birds that dispersed Leptonychia seeds in continuous forest were rare or absent in small fragments, where fewer seeds were removed from each tree, far fewer seedlings occurred &gt;10 m from parent trees, and far more seedlings occurred in dense aggregations under parental crowns. Overall, our samples showed that fewer juvenile Leptonychia recruited in fragments than in continuous forest. We provide solid evidence that deficient dispersal due to habitat fragmentation seriously impacts the reproductive cycle of a tropical bird-dispersed tree.\n      </p>", "A fundamental goal of plant population ecology is to understand the consequences for plant fitness of seed dispersal by animals. Theories of seed dispersal and tropical forest regeneration suggest that the advantages of seed dispersal for most plants are escape from seed predation near the parent tree and colonization of vacant sites, the locations of which are unpredictable in space and time. Some plants may gain in fitness as a fortuitous consequence of disperser behavior if certain species of dispersers nonrandomly place seeds in sites predictably favorable for seedling establishment. Such patterns of directed dispersal by vertebrates long have been suggested but never demonstrated for tropical forest trees. Here we report the pattern of seed distribution and 1-year seedling survival generated by five species of birds for a neotropical, shade-tolerant tree. Four of the species dispersed seeds to sites near the parent trees with microhabitat characteristics similar to those at random locations, whereas the fifth species, a bellbird, predictably dispersed seeds under song perches in canopy gaps. The pattern of seedling recruitment was bimodal, with a peak near parent trees and a second peak, corresponding to bellbird song perches, far (&gt;40 m) from parent trees. Seedling survival was higher for seeds dispersed by bellbirds than by the other species, because of a reduction in seedling mortality by fungal pathogens in gaps. Thus, bellbirds play a significant role in seed dispersal by providing directed dispersal to favorable sites and therefore may influence plant recruitment patterns and species diversity in Neotropical forests.\n      </p>", "Salt marshes play a critical role in the ecology and geology of wave-protected shorelines in the Western Atlantic, but as many as 80% of the marshes that once occurred in New England have already been lost to human development. Here we present data that suggest that the remaining salt marshes in southern New England are being rapidly degraded by shoreline development and eutrophication. On the seaward border of these marshes, nitrogen eutrophication stimulated by local shoreline development is shifting the competitive balance among marsh plants by releasing plants from nutrient competition. This shift is leading to the displacement of natural high marsh plants by low marsh cordgrass. On the terrestrial border of these same marshes, shoreline development is also precipitating the invasion of the common reed, Phragmites, by means of nitrogen eutrophication caused by the removal of the woody vegetation buffer between terrestrial and salt marsh communities. As a consequence of these human impacts, traditional salt marsh plant communities and the plants and animals that are dependent on these habitats are being displaced by monocultures of weedy species.\n      </p>", "Understanding the nature and relative importance of endogenous (density-dependent) and exogenous (density-independent) effects on population dynamics remains a central problem in ecology. Evaluation of these forces has been constrained by the lack of long time series of population densities and largely limited to populations chosen for their unique dynamics (e.g., outbreak insects). Especially in herbivore populations, the relative contributions of bottom-up and top-down effects (resources and natural enemies, respectively) have been difficult to compare because population data have rarely been combined with resource measurements. The feeding scars of a wood-mining herbivorous insect (Phytobia betulae Kangas; Diptera: Agromyzidae) of birch trees (Betula pendula and Betula pubescens) provided long time series data (47 and 65 years) of absolute abundance (larvae/tree) in replicated trees within replicated stands. Measurements of tree annual rings provided matching time series of host age and physiological status. Analyses showed a powerful exogenous effect of stand age on temporal variation in insect abundance (58 and 32% of the variance in two populations, respectively). With the additional effects of variation among trees, 77 and 64% of the total variance in abundance was attributable to exogenous bottom-up effects of host plants. Potential endogenous effects were evident as immediate linear density dependence, but only accounted for \u2248 10% of the total variance. Abundance of Phytobia is primarily a function of disturbance history, which produces a mosaic of different aged birch stands that harbor Phytobia populations of different sizes. Density-dependence tends to regulate local populations around levels determined by host suitability.\n      </p>", "Fungi play crucial roles in the biogeochemistry of terrestrial ecosystems, most notably as saprophytes decomposing organic matter and as mycorrhizal fungi enhancing plant nutrient uptake. However, a recurrent problem in fungal ecology is to establish the trophic status of species in the field. Our interpretations and conclusions are too often based on extrapolations from laboratory microcosm experiments or on anecdotal field evidence. Here, we used natural variations in stable carbon isotope ratios (\u03b4 &lt;sup&gt;13&lt;/sup&gt;C) as an approach to distinguish between fungal decomposers and symbiotic mycorrhizal fungal species in the rich sporocarp flora (our sample contains 135 species) of temperate forests. We also demonstrated that host-specific mycorrhizal fungi that receive C from overstorey or understorey tree species differ in their \u03b4 &lt;sup&gt;13&lt;/sup&gt;C. The many promiscuous mycorrhizal fungi, associated with and connecting several tree hosts, were calculated to receive 57-100% of their C from overstorey trees. Thus, overstorey trees also support, partly or wholly, the nutrient-absorbing mycelia of their alleged competitors, the understorey trees.\n      </p>", "The majority of organisms can be grouped into those relying solely on photosynthesis (phototrophy) or those relying solely on the assimilation of organic substances (heterotrophy) to meet their requirements for energy and carbon. However, a special life history trait exists in which organisms combine both phototrophy and heterotrophy. Such \"mixotrophy\" is a widespread phenomenon in aquatic habitats and is observed in many protozoan and metazoan organisms. The strategy requires investment in both photosynthetic and heterotrophic cellular apparatus, and the benefits must outweigh these costs. In accordance with mechanistic resource competition theory, laboratory experiments revealed that pigmented mixotrophs combined light, mineral nutrients, and prey as substitutable resources. Thereby, they reduced prey abundance below the critical food concentration of competing specialist grazers [Rothhaupt, K. O. (1996) Ecology 77, 716-724]. Here, we demonstrate the important consequences of this strategy for an aquatic community. In the illuminated surface strata of a lake, mixotrophs reduced prey abundance steeply. The data suggest that, as a consequence, grazers from higher trophic levels, consuming both the mixotrophs and their prey, could not persist. Thus, the mixotrophs escaped from competition with and losses to higher grazers. Furthermore, the mixotrophs structured prey abundance along the vertical light gradient, creating low densities near the surface and a pronounced maximum of their algal prey at depth. Such deep algal accumulations are typical features of nutrient-poor aquatic habitats, previously explained by resource availability. We hypothesize instead that the mixotrophic grazing strategy is responsible for deep algal accumulations in many aquatic environments.\n      </p>", "A fundamental question in ecology is how many species occur within a given area. Despite the complexity and diversity of different ecosystems, there exists a surprisingly simple, approximate answer: the number of species is proportional to the size of the area raised to some exponent. The exponent often turns out to be roughly 1/4. This power law can be derived from assumptions about the relative abundances of species or from notions of self-similarity. Here we analyze the largest existing data set of location-mapped species: over one million, individually identified trees from five tropical forests on three continents. Although the power law is a reasonable, zeroth-order approximation of our data, we find consistent deviations from it on all spatial scales. Furthermore, tropical forests are not self-similar at areas \u2264 50 hectares. We develop an extended model of the species-area relationship, which enables us to predict large-scale species diversity from small-scale data samples more accurately than any other available method.\n      </p>", "In regions with severe winters, global warming may be expected to cause earlier onset of breeding in most animals, yet no documentation of such a trend exists in North America. In a study of marked individuals of the Mexican jay (Aphelocoma ultramarina) in southeastern Arizona, from 1971 to 1998, the mean Julina date of first clutch in the population declined significantly by 10.1 days. The date of the first nest in the population also became earlier, by 10.8 days. These changes were associated with significant trends toward increased monthly minimum temperatures on the study area, traits that are associated with the onset of breeding in this population. Significant trends from 1971 to 1997 toward warmer minimum temperatures in the months before and during the initiation of breeding were observed. These trends parallel changes in minimum temperatures and community composition in a recent study of grassland ecology in the western United States. Together, they suggest that more attention should be given to the possible ecological importance of global change in minimum temperatures.\n      </p>", "Despite considerable interest in using stable-hydrogen isotope ratio (\u03b4 D) measurements in ecological research, it was previously unknown whether hydrogen derived from drinking water, in addition to that derived from diet, contributed to the nonexchangeable hydrogen in animal tissues. We raised four experimental groups of quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica) from hatch on two isotopically distinct diets (mean nonexchangeable \u03b4 D: -146 and -60**??**, Vienna Standard Mean Ocean Water Standard) and drinking waters (mean \u03b4 D: -130 and +196**??**, Vienna Standard Mean Ocean Water Standard). Here we show that both dietary and drinking water hydrogen are incorporated into nonexchangeable hydrogen in both metabolically active (i.e., muscle, liver, blood, fat) and inactive (i.e., feather, nail) tissues. Approximately 20% of hydrogen in metabolically active quail tissues and 26-32% of feathers and nail was derived from drinking water. Our findings suggest environmental interpretations of \u03b4 D values from modern and fossil animal tissues may need to account for potentially large isotopic differences between drinking water and food and require a good understanding of the physiological ecology of study organisms.\n      </p>", "Although the effect of biodiversity on ecosystem functioning has become a major focus in ecology, its significance in a fluctuating environment is still poorly understood. According to the insurance hypothesis, biodiversity insures ecosystems against declines in their functioning because many species provide greater guarantees that some will maintain functioning even if others fail. Here we examine this hypothesis theoretically. We develop a general stochastic dynamic model to assess the effects of species richness on the expected temporal mean and variance of ecosystem processes such as productivity, based on individual species' productivity responses to environmental fluctuations. Our model shows two major insurance effects of species richness on ecosystem productivity: (i) a buffering effect, i.e., a reduction in the temporal variance of productivity, and (ii) a performance-enhancing effect, i.e., an increase in the temporal mean of productivity. The strength of these insurance effects is determined by three factors: (i) the way ecosystem productivity is determined by individual species responses to environmental fluctuations, (ii) the degree of asynchronicity of these responses, and (iii) the detailed form of these responses. In particular, the greater the variance of the species responses, the lower the species richness at which the temporal mean of the ecosystem process saturates and the ecosystem becomes redundant. These results provide a strong theoretical foundation for the insurance hypothesis, which proves to be a fundamental principle for understanding the long-term effects of biodiversity on ecosystem processes.\n      </p>", "Latitudinal species diversity gradients (LSDGs) in the Northern Hemisphere are the most well established biogeographic patterns on Earth. Despite long-standing interest in LSDGs as a central problem in ecology, their explanation remains uncertain. In terrestrial as well as coastal and pelagic marine ecosystems, these poleward declines in diversity typically have been represented and interpreted in terms of species richness, the number of coexisting species. Newly discovered LSDGs in the bathyal (500-4,000 m) benthos of the North Atlantic may help to resolve the underlying causes of these large-scale trends because the deep sea is such a physically distinct environment. However, a major problem in comparing surface and deep-sea LSDGs is that the latter have been measured differently, by using species diversity indices that are affected by both species richness and the evenness of relative abundance. Here, we demonstrate that deep-sea isopods, gastropods, and bivalves in the North Atlantic do exhibit poleward decreases in species richness, just as those found in other environments. A comprehensive systematic revision of the largest deep-sea gastropod family (Turridae) has provided a unique database on geographic distributions that is directly comparable to those used to document LSDGs in surface biotas. This taxon also shows a poleward decline in the number of species. Seasonal organic enrichment from sinking phytodetritus is the most plausible ecological explanation for deep-sea LSDGs and is the environmental factor most consistently associated with depressed diversity in a variety of bathyal habitats.\n      </p>", "It is a mainstay of community ecology that local exclusion of species will result if competitive pressures become too large. The pattern of exclusion may be complicated, but the qualitative orthodoxy has changed little since the pioneering work of Lotka, Volterra, and Gause-no two species can occupy the same niche. Stated in a more precise form, the higher the intensity of interspecific competition in an assemblage of species, the fewer the number of species that can coexist in perpetuity. We suggest that this orthodoxy results from \"linear\" thinking, and that if the classical equations are formulated more realistically with attendant nonlinearities, the orthodoxy breaks down and higher levels of competition may actually increase the likelihood that species will avoid competitive exclusion. Furthermore, this increased probability of coexistence at higher levels of competition is accompanied by characteristic dynamic patterns: (i) at lower levels of competition, after all extinction events have occurred, remaining species follow irregular chaotic patterns; (ii) at higher levels of competition, when most species coexist, all species are entrained in a single large limit cycle; (iii) the transient behavior appears to correspond to a special case of chaos, uniform phase chaotic amplitude.\n      </p>", "The transition of many Caribbean reefs from coral to macroalgal dominance has been a prominent issue in coral reef ecology for more than 20 years. Alternative stable state theory predicts that these changes are reversible but, to date, there is little indication of this having occurred. Here we present evidence of the initiation of such a reversal in Jamaica, where shallow reefs at five sites along 8 km of coastline now are characterized by a sea urchin-grazed zone with a mean width of 60 m. In comparison to the seaward algal zone, macroalgae are rare in the urchin zone, where the density of Diadema antillarum is 10 times higher and the density of juvenile corals is up to 11 times higher. These densities are close to those recorded in the late 1970s and early 1980s and are in striking contrast to the decade-long recruitment failure for both Diadema and scleractinians. If these trends continue and expand spatially, reefs throughout the Caribbean may again become dominated by corals and algal turf.\n      </p>", "Although many new diseases have emerged within the past 2 decades [Cohen, M. L. (1998) Brit. Med. Bull. 54, 523-532], attributing low numbers of animal hosts to the existence of even a new pathogen is problematic. This is because very rarely does one have data on host abundance before and after the epizootic as well as detailed descriptions of pathogen prevalence [Dobson, A. P. &amp; Hudson, P. J. (1985) in Ecology of Infectious Diseases in Natural Populations, eds. Grenfell, B. T. &amp; Dobson, A. P. (Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge, U.K.), pp. 52-89]. Month by month we tracked the spread of the epizootic of an apparently novel strain of a widespread poultry pathogen, Mycoplasma gallisepticum, through a previously unknown host, the house finch, whose abundance has been monitored over past decades. Here we are able to demonstrate a causal relationship between high disease prevalence and declining house finch abundance throughout the eastern half of North America because the epizootic reached different parts of the house finch range at different times. Three years after the epizootic arrived, house finch abundance stabilized at similar levels, although house finch abundance had been high and stable in some areas but low and rapidly increasing in others. This result, not previously documented in wild populations, is as expected from theory if transmission of the disease was density dependent.\n      </p>", "We report a previously unrecognized complexity to the ecology of rabies in wildlife. Rabies-specific virus-neutralizing antibodies in spotted hyenas, the most numerous large carnivore in the Serengeti ecosystem (Tanzania, East Africa), revealed a high frequency of exposure of 37.0% to rabies virus, and reverse transcriptase (RT) PCR demonstrated rabies RNA in 13.0% of hyenas. Despite this high frequency, exposure neither caused symptomatic rabies nor decreased survival among members of hyena social groups monitored for 9 to 13 years. Repeated, intermittent presence of virus in saliva of 45.5% of seropositive hyenas indicated a \"carrier\" state. Rabies isolates from Serengeti hyenas differed significantly (8.5% sequence divergence) from those isolated from other Serengeti carnivores, suggesting that at least two separate strains circulate within the Serengeti carnivore community. This finding is consistent with the fact that exposure in hyenas increased with age and social status, following a pattern predicted by intraspecific age and social-status-dependent oral and bite contact rates. High seroprevalence of rabies, low basic reproductive rate of the virus (R0) of 1.9, a carrier state, and the absence of symptomatic rabies in a carnivore in an ecosystem with multihost and multistrain maintenance has not been previously demonstrated for rabies. Because of the substantial differences between the hyena viral isolates and those from canids and viverrids in the Serengeti, it is unlikely that spotted hyenas were the source of rabies virus that killed several African wild dog packs in the Serengeti ecosystem in the 1990s.\n      </p>", "The Hutchinsonian concept of the ecological niche can be made operational for studies in human ecology by defining it in terms of the distinctive ways of using resources for subsistence that set \"cultural species\" apart. Subsistence variety, the number of resources used for subsistence, and how much each is depended on are measures of distinctiveness, and the amount of variety present can be defined as the width of the ecological niche. The calculation of niche width from subsistence data is discussed, and examples are given from several human groups with reference to total resource variety, resource variety in space, and resource variety in time. The importance of selecting niche dimensions for niche width measurement is stressed, and examples are given of width differences resulting from measuring variety in quantity (biomass or calories) and variety in quality (protein, essential minerals, etc.). Finally, some implications of niche width measurements for human ecology are discussed.\n      </p>", "A much discussed issue in landscape ecology is how processes that operate within spatially subdivided subpopulations scale-up to create a larger, landscape-level dynamic. A first step in answering this question is to ask to what degree subpopulations within a landscape vary in performance. Here we test the null hypothesis that densities of mammalian populations are constant over patches of varied size, i. e., that performance, as estimated via density, does not covary with patch area. Using a composite database from published studies, we found that densities of 20 of 32 species did not vary with patch area, while five showed increasing and seven decreasing density-area relationships. Studies reporting significant density-area relationships tended to include a greater number of patches of a greater range of sizes than those that reported no relationship, suggesting that statistical power may be an issue. Landscapes comprised of smaller, less-isolated patches tended to have negative density-area relationships and landscapes with larger, more isolated patches tended to have positive density-area relationships. Our results suggest that no consistent density-area relationship operates over all systems of patches. Instead, the patterns appear to be scale-dependent: frequent movement of individuals in the process of selecting habitats (patches) over smaller-scaled landscapes produced negative density-area relationships; movement of individuals among more isolated patches appeared to involve larger- and longer-scale population processes involving colonization and extinction and positive density-area relationships. Despite the fact that patches represent a central focus in landscape ecology, they appear to be a construct of human convenience rather than biological entities with a set number and kind of processes.\n      </p>", "This paper describes a cooperative learning environment and a course continuum in wildlife ecology and management which promote the professional development of undergraduates. Students learn about functional relationships in ecology and management in lecture periods that focus on concepts, with participation by students in active learning exercises. Laboratory periods are designed around learning groups, which consist of freshmen through graduate students who focus on a common theme as they work together, while each student is responsible for his or her own research. Undergraduate teaching assistants and senior wildlife management students coordinate the activities of the learning groups and supervise the student research, learning about personnel management by active participation in leadership roles. Publication of research results on a wildlife ecology and management information system in the department's Cooperative Learning Center enables students to share what they learn with their peers and with students who follow in later years.\n      </p>", "Environmental isolations have established that Cryptococcus neoformans var. gattii serotype B appears to have a specific ecological association with Eucalyptus camaldulensis. The global distribution of the tree appears to correspond to the epidemiologic distribution of cryptococcosis caused by C. neoformans var. gattii. The epidemiology of cryptococcosis can primarily be explained by exposure to an infective aerosolized inoculum, such as basidiospores released from specific host plants and/or desiccated blastoconidia (yeast cells) disseminated from accumulations of dried pigeon dung. The ecology of C. neoformans still remains largely unresolved, studies on the host-parasite interaction between serotype B and E. camaldulensis are still in progress, and extensive environmental searches are now underway to determine the natural habitats of serotypes A, C and D.\n      </p>", "Two approaches characterize the study of evolutionary ecology. Prospective studies investigate how present-day ecological processes may lead to evolutionary change; retrospective studies ask how present-day ecological conditions can be understood as the outcome of historical events. I argue that the most appropriate test of an evolutionary ecological hypothesis requires an integration of these approaches. I illustrate this approach by examining the hypothesis that interspecific competition has been the driving force behind the evolutionary radiation of Anolis lizards in the Caribbean. This hypothesis is supported by four lines of evidence: 1. Anole communities are structured by competition; 2. Populations alter resource use in the presence of congeners; 3. Microevolutionary adaptation occurs in response to resource shifts; and 4. Macroevolutionary patterns are consistent with interspecific competition as the driving force behind anole adaptive radiation.\n      </p>", "Conflict over issues of land use in northern Madagascar reveals that political control is situational and that rights to resources are ambiguous. In two cases, local farmers, the regional royal indigenous leader, and international conservationists struggled to establish and maintain the ability to use and manage the forested land to the west of the Ankarana massif. Political ecology provides a theoretical framework for exploring the complex political negotiations that are an integral part of all ecological interactions. In recognizing the complexity of such interactions, applied attempts to address issues of environmental degradation and disenfranchisement may also become more effective.\n      </p>", "Despite several decades of research, the field of invasion ecology has not been very successful in developing reliable generalizations regarding the mechanisms and predictability of invasions. In this essay, we argue that one impediment in the field's development has been that the field of invasion ecology has largely dissociated itself from other subdisciplines of ecology, particularly succession ecology. Taking an historical approach, we suggest that this dissociation began with Charles S. Elton, the generally acknowledged father of invasion biology. We argue further that, despite periodic calls to end what some have regarded as a spurious distinction between native colonizers and introduced invaders, invasion ecology has continued to pursue its own generalizations with limited success. We suggest this dissociation may be exacerbated further by incentives produced by the realities of publishing and securing funding for research and also by the use of electronic search engines to identify related articles. We offer several examples of how invasion ecology has benefited from research on succession and regeneration conducted on native species and conclude that the field of invasion ecology would do well to do more of this type of communication and collaboration among subdisciplines\n      </p>", "My paper on fish and fisheries ecology is offered to demonstrate a rich blending of applied and fundamental ecology, achieved by the intersections among fishery science, ichthyology, and ecology. The example, while specific, parallels practices and opportunities available in other areas of applied ecology. The emergence of fish and fisheries ecology as a discipline is evidence by such recent textbooks as Fisheries ecology by Pitcher and Hart (1982) and Ecology of teleost fishes by Wootton (1990). The ecology relevant to fish and fisheries includes not only marine and freshwater ecology, oceanography, and limnology, but also terrestrial study. Early work in fish and fisheries ecology came from Stephen A. Forbes &gt; 100 yr ago in his books On some interactions of organisms (Forbes 1880) and The lake as a microcosm (Forbes 1887). These constitute one of the earliest conceptualizations of an ecosystem. By 1932 E. S. Russell concluded that fishery research was a study in marine ecology. I give examples of applications from six different categories of ecology. (1) Physiological ecology: The F. E. J. Fry school of fish physiology developed the concepts of temperature as a lethal, controlling and directive factor. More than 40 yr later, this knowledge is being combined with G. E. Hutchinson's concept of an n-dimensional niche to analyze potential influences of global climate warming on fishes. (2) Behavioral ecology: A. D. Hasler and students formulated and tested the hypothesis of olfactory imprinting as the mechanism by which Pacific salmon @'home@' to their natal spawning streams. Applications to reestablish salmon runs are as important to Hasler as the original scientific discovery; this is evident in his proposed @'Salmon for Peace@' for the river bounding USSR and China. (3) Population ecology: The realization that reproductive success of fishes depends more on larval mortality than on egg production emerged from the ideas of J. Hjort (1914). To this day inconsistencies between recruitment and reproductive stock size impart uncertainty into fishery management, while the search for explanatory mechanisms attracts the curious mind. (4) Community ecology: Species interactions are the grist of community ecology; predation and fishing are a natural for comparative study and application. Also, consumption by fish can control the dynamics of planktonic and benthic animal/plant communities; thus, apparent water quality of lakes depends on the consumer community as well as on nutrient inputs. (5) Ecosystem ecology: D. S. Rawson grouped external, abiotic influences on lakes into climatic, edaphic, and morphometric factors. The morphoedaphic index (Ryder 1965) predicts fish yields from this base, providing fish managers with a useful approximation and ecologists with a conceptual base for synthesis of production processes. (6) Landscape ecology: Regional ecology often incorporates land-water boundaries into the way ecological systems work. Application of island biogeography to lakes, as islands, has allowed predictions of fish assemblages for use by managers. Also, the extent and connectedness of lake and ocean @'landscapes@' offer insight into contrasts between marine and freshwater fishery research and management. In conclusion, the ecotone between academic and applied ecology seems an ideal place from which to advance both applied ecology and ecology in general.\n      </p>", "Mussel populations and the environments they inhabit are heterogeneous and fragmented. We review 3 areas in which principles of landscape ecology might be applied to the scientific understanding and management of freshwater mussels. First, recent studies show that hydraulics can be used successfully to delineate patches of mussel habitat, but additional variables such as host fish, food, or predators are probably important under certain conditions. However, research on patch dynamics in freshwater mussels is in its infancy, and we do not know if existing methods to delineate patches are adequate. Second, mussel ecologists are starting to think about the importance of connectivity among habitat patches. Major challenges will be to determine whether connectivity can be estimated in the field and whether human activities that reduce connectivity (e.g., dams) have produced large extinction debts in mussel populations. Third, we need to better understand the links between events on the watershed (e.g., timing and amounts of water, nutrient, and sediment inputs) and the quality, extent, location, and connections among patches of mussel habitats. Because of its focus on patterns and processes, landscape ecology has the potential to improve scientific understanding and management of mussel populations and, in particular, to help define the best spatial scales for scientific studies and management activities.\n      </p>", "Among human activities causing ecological change, war is both intensive and far-reaching. Yet environmental research related to warfare is limited in depth and fragmented by discipline. Here we (1) outline a field of study called \u201cwarfare ecology,\u201d (2) provide a taxonomy of warfare useful for organizing the field, (3) review empirical studies, and (4) propose research directions and policy implications that emerge from the ecological study of warfare. Warfare ecology extends to the three stages of warfare\u2014preparations, war, and postwar activities\u2014and treats biophysical and socioeconomic systems as coupled systems. A review of empirical studies suggests complex relationships between warfare and ecosystem change. Research needs include the development of theory and methods for examining the cascading effects of warfare on specific ecosystems. Policy implications include greater incorporation of ecological science into military planning and improved rehabilitation of postwar ecosystem services, leading to increased peace and security.\n      </p>", "A long-term goal of community ecology is to identify spatial and temporal factors that underlie observed community structures. Ultimately, ecologists seek to relate community patterns to ecosystem processes and functions. Since the mid 1990s, ectomycorrhizal (ECM) research has been equipped with tools to identify and fully quantify the taxonomic diversity in below-ground ECM fungal communities in detail and address such questions. Many of the most important functions of terrestrial ecosystems, as well as interactions, between plants take place below ground and mycorrhizal fungi are among the key players in soil ecology. Here the rapidly increasing knowledge of ECM fungal community ecology is reviewed and the prospects discussed for elucidating processes that structure ECM fungal communities and the way in which such knowledge might be integrated with, and advance, the understanding of plant ecology and ecosystem processes.\n      </p>"], "words": {"managers,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cooperative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poorly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "depend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "endogenous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "large": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "d": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "perspective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functioning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "change,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organisms": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "scientists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ever": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bird": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "temperatures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subdivided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "niche": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biodiversity": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "study": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scales": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "landscape": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "use": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "predictability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "type": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "populations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "successful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsistence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "about": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hold": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abundance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "debated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "values": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "my": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impacts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assumptions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sense": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undergraduates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "terrestrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "how": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "significance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plant": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "earlier": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revealed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "ambiguous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documentation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explicit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fungi": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "complexity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fundamental": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolutionary": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cold": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "still": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "chemical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exclusion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "personal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uptake": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diseases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "views": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "isolations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fitness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "energy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parasites": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emerged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cause": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fiber": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "members": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflicts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dispersal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generalizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "think": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "invasion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "too": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "scientists,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "war": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 24, "prob": 0.00019875035712954797}, "seed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "exhibit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "onset": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "majority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "causing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "play": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "most": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "america": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consequences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "science,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecology,": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "photosynthesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dispersed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thomas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "herbivore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rich": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trees": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "report": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "course": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reveals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "human": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "exists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achieved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "declines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distinctive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pressures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perceptions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "environments": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tremendous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "tropical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecologists": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "much": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "processes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reliable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promoted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "balance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "characterize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 30, "prob": 0.00024843794641193494}, "ecosystems,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mycorrhizal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "composition": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conflict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "producers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fruit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "warming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "severe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparisons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "reefs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discipline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "microhabitat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "community": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ecosystems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "prominent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reduces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "separately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grouping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grouped": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecology": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scale": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caribbean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "although": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "by": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "on": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "wildlife": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 43, "prob": 0.00035609438985710677}, "coral": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "discussed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "within": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "functional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "var": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breeding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fragmented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reef": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "convergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promote": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystem": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "latitudinal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heterogeneous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "similar": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "an": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gradients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "role": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "briefly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rabies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecological": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "land": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dramatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "far": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}