{"total_words": 1427, "documents": ["In this paper (my keynote talk from the 2006 ESPE conference), I discuss the recent upsurge in research on the economics of education that has occurred, especially in Europe. I discuss the reasons for the increased interest and present some examples from my recent research in the area. The paper concludes that the increased research interest seems likely to be sustained for some time to come.\n      </p>", "We offer a framework to help marriage educators think more thoroughly, systematically, and creatively about intervention opportunities to strengthen marriage. We draw attention to the educational dimensions of content, intensity, methods, timing, setting, target, and delivery, and their implications for marriage education. Our discussion points out the potential value of developing marriage education with greater specificity in content, timing, and target. We call for intervention that embeds marriage education in diverse institutional settings and provides access to couples across the socioeconomic spectrum. In the end, we address the need to take marriage education beyond a valuable helping profession and an expanding educational service to a vibrant social movement.\n      </p>", "Several models that have been designed in the last two decades for improving formal and nonformal education in developing countries are described and critiqued. The critique employs a variation of Wallace's culture change model as applied by Hutchens in assessing the education of women in Cuba. A model for evaluating educational programs for development is proposed.\n      </p>", "It is a widely accepted maxim that, like business generally, higher education is globalising. For many countries, higher education is now an important export sector, with university campuses attracting international students from around the world. Licensing production, in the form of franchising degree provision to international partners, is beginning to mutate into foreign direct investment as many universities set up campuses in other countries. While there are clearly parallels between the globalisation of business and higher education, this paper examines the supply- and demand-side drivers within the university sector. It argues that an alignment of special factors, rather than an inexorable trend towards commercialisation, has caused the recent internationalisation of higher education and concludes that current trends are unsustainable in the medium-term.\n      </p>", "Paul F-Brandwein was a visionary who looked at education broadly. He left us with an insightful view of the ecology of education in which he identified three ecological systems: school-family-community, postsecondary, and cultural. The first part of this lecture, by Dean B. Bennett, examines Brandwein's ideas related to environmental education and explores the relationship of environmental education with science teaching in the K-12 school-family-community ecosystem. Focusing particularly on the middle-secondary level, evidence suggests that the goals of environmental education, since their emergence in the late 1960s, are today strongly evident in science curricula, instructional resources, educational assessment, and teacher education. But the author points out that more must be done and provides some fundamental suggestions. The second part of the lecture, by Sheila K. Bennett, examines the role of distance education in the teaching of science in the postsecondary ecosystem and addresses its value as a viable tool in promoting scientific literacy. The lecture focuses on a successful statewide, interdisciplinary laboratory science course delivered by interactive television, the Internet, and computer network. Now in its ninth year, the course reflects Brandwein's thinking about effective classroom teaching and is based on national standards for scientific literacy.\n      </p>", "Formal education can be improved by transferring responsibility from the teacher to the learner. A simple approach to this is the time contract. Time contracts have been used successfully in nine quasi-experiments but, despite these successes, some educators see this as subversive research.\n      </p>", "While the idea of crisis is prevalent in the post-war Anglo-American literature an higher education, it can also be argued that our higher education systems have achieved a great deal during this period. We need to ask, therefore, whether the identified crises are real or not. And, if not, we should consider why academics prefer to see crisis in so much of what they do.\n      </p>", "Home study for hunter education was evaluated as a way to provide systematic content to courses, to open up classroom time for hands-on activities and discussions, to cover a greater depth of subject matter, and to actively involve students in the learning process. Test performance based on home study was compared to teacher-taught classes in Colorado, Texas, and New Jersey. States were chosen to represent varied hunter-education programs and regions in North America. Over 200 learning objectives were compiled, reviewed, and approved by the hunter-education administrators from the participating states. Questions and activities were created from these objectives and assembled into a home-study, hunter-education workbook. The workbook was designed and used in conjunction with Outdoor Empire Publishing, Inc.'s (OEPI; Seattle, Wash.) seventh-grade-reading-level hunter-education manual because 44 of 50 states use some form of OEPI's manual. Any information lacking from the manual, yet needed to achieve the learning objectives, was added to the workbook. A 125-question, written, evaluation instrument was compiled from existing examination questions used in Colorado, Texas, New Jersey, and Virginia, based on the amount of time spent in classes on the following topics: ethics, safety, wildlife identification, game care, wildlife management, survival, specialty hunting, and laws. Randomly selected students from Colorado, Texas, and New Jersey were divided into 3 groups: home-study, teacher-taught, and pretest-control. Contrasts using 2- and 3-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) revealed no statistical difference in exam scores between home-study and teacher-taught groups, but did reveal a significant difference between both of these groups and the control group. Scores based on 4 age groups (10-14, 15-20, 21-30, and \u226531 years) revealed that students scored progressively better on the written exam for all topics with increasing age up to 20 years, when scores evened out. A follow-up survey was given to home-study students and instructors to evaluate their opinions about the program.\n      </p>", "The transition from an elitist higher education system to mass education has created a number of concerns in this sector. Among these are fears for the quality of the provision; the rise in the unemployment rate of graduate university leavers; and the increased financial burden on the government. This paper examines the transition period over the last fifty years in Taiwan, in order to promote an understanding of the problems currently being faced, and to give an insight into the political and cultural background in which they have arisen. The USA and Japan are compared, as these countries are seen to be advanced in the provision of mass education. The paper has three main objectives. Firstly to determine whether or not Taiwan can be said to have developed a mass higher education system by international comparison. Secondly, to determine which factors have influenced government policy to achieve mass higher education, and thirdly to identify the problems which remains as barriers to the success of this system. Conclusions are drawn relating to the above objectives and it is noted that similar problems to those experiences by Western countries can be identified.\n      </p>", "Across countries, education and democracy are highly correlated. We motivate empirically and then model a causal mechanism explaining this correlation. in our model, schooling teaches people to interact with others and raises the benefits of civic participation, including voting and organizing. In the battle between democracy and dictatorship, democracy has a wide potential base of support but offers weak incentives to its defenders. Dictatorship provides stronger incentives to a narrower base. As education raises the benefits of civic engagement, it raises participation in support of a broad-based regime (democracy) relative to that in support of a narrow-based regime (dictatorship). This increases the likelihood of successful democratic revolutions against dictatorships, and reduces that of successful anti-democratic coups.\n      </p>", "Empirical political behavior research has consistently observed a robust and positive relationship between education and political engagement, but has failed to adequately explain why education is so important. Using data from the Baccalaureate and Beyond (B&amp;B) Longitudinal Study, I test three competing hypotheses explaining the enduring link between higher education and political behavior. I find that a verbal SAT scores and a social science curriculum are related to future political engagement, suggesting that the content of higher education, especially a curriculum that develops language and civic skills, is influential in shaping participation in American democracy.\n      </p>", "What role have states played in promoting human rights education? While nongovernmental organizations have been at the forefront of human rights education, scholars have neglected the increased activism of states, especially national human rights commissions. This article addresses this gap by sketching the relationship between states and human rights education, examining cross-regional trends and presenting a case study of South Africa's Human Rights Commission. The article concludes by considering the critical gap between state promotion and implementation of human rights education, as well as the limits of state involvement in constructing a culture of human rights. /// Quel r\u00f4le les \u00c9tats ont-ils jou\u00e9 dans la promotion de l'\u00e9ducation aux droits de l'homme? Comme les organisations non gouvernementales ont \u00e9t\u00e9 au premier rang de l'\u00e9ducation aux droits de l'homme, les chercheurs ont n\u00e9glig\u00e9 l'activisme croissant des \u00c9tats, particulierement des commissions nationales des droits de l'homme. Cet article s'attaque \u00e0 ce foss\u00e9 en examinant le rapport entre les \u00c9tats et l'\u00e9ducation aux droits de l'homme, dessinant les tendances trans-r\u00e9gionales et pr\u00e9sentant une \u00e9tude de cas de la commission des droits de l'homme d'Afrique du Sud. L'article conclut en consid\u00e9rant l'\u00e9cart critique entre la promotion par l' \u00c9tat et la mise en oeuvre de l'\u00e9ducation aux droits de l'homme, ainsi que les limites de l'engagement de l'\u00c9tat dans la construction d'une culture des droits de l'homme.\n      </p>", "We examine how the interaction between education and corruption affects institutional reform and economic development. While corruption reduces average income and education, education increases not only output and hence potential corruption rents, but also produces more informed electorates that better monitor government actions. We find that economies with intermediate levels of education remain in a poverty trap since the level of skills creates sufficient corruption rents but not enough monitoring. Economies with low or high levels of education can escape the poverty trap, and inequality plays a key role in determining whether this occurs through a change in institutions or an expansion of education.\n      </p>", "This article examines 30 years of the National Science Foundation's experience in impacting on science and engineering education.\n      </p>", "The several reports and papers of the past decade suggesting paradigm shifts in engineering education are shown to reveal a common theme, to wit: engineering is an integrative process, and thus engineering education,particularly at the baccalaureate level, should be designed toward that end. Suggesting a change in intellectual culture, the roots of contemporary collegiate education in the United States are traced to their origin and attention is given to discussing the current emphasis on reductionism vis-a-vis integration or, said another way, a course-focused education comparted to a more holistic approach in which process and knowledge are woven throughout the curriculum. A new construct for systemic change in baccalaureate engineering education is suggested in terms of a taxonomy of intellectual components connected holistically with a core focus on developing human potential,as opposed to the present system in which students are passed serially through course filters.\n      </p>", "Patient education has become an increasingly important area of research during the last 30 years. This review examines the variety of issues within this field during the last decade. It concludes that preoperative education has proven beneficial in the subjective and objective improvement of patient recovery, particularly when procedural information and coping skills are provided. Further research is needed to determine the effects of sensory information, the timing of information provision and patient personality. Patient education programs should be interactive; this is particularly true for children, where such programs need to be age-specific. Lack of coordination of education services (due in part to the territoriality of patient educators), in addition to inadequate training of physicians and nurses, and absence of commitment by administration, are all significant barriers to effective patient education today. Finally, further reflection on the motivation behind patient education is needed. Many would argue that patient education has been used to serve the needs of the health care professional (through compliance) rather than empowering the patient. Implications for future research and recommendations for implementation are offered.\n      </p>", "This article describes efforts from the mid-1990s in South Africa to reshape higher education curricula, and the responses of universities to a series of policy initiatives concerned with higher education curriculum reform. Pressures of globalisation and the local challenges of reconstruction and development formed the context in which higher education curriculum restructuring occurred. Two discourses, a credit-accumulation- and-transfer discourse and a disciplinary discourse, have shaped education policy making in South Africa since the mid-1990s, particularly in higher education. Policy initiatives to re-shape higher education curricula are discussed, as well as the ways in which science and humanities faculties at universities have responded to these initiatives. A typology of different curriculum forms is presented which suggests that in spite of the influence of the credit exchange discourse in policy documents, undergraduate curricula continue to be presented on a largely disciplinary basis.\n      </p>", "The roles of formal education (years of schooling) and nonformal education (mass media exposure and travel) in the acculturative process are examined by employing both qualitative and quantitative data. (1) Social and economic variables, (2) traditional and modern behavioral variables, (3) psychological variables, and (3) environmental variables are analyzed to identify alternative sequences of change which are common and idiosyncratic to differentially developed towns in the western highlands of Guatemala. Although data from eight other towns are included, the analysis focuses on San Juan la Laguna and Panajachel.\n      </p>", "Studies have shown that adolescents in Nigeria have poor knowledge of reproductive health issues and that there was a need to provide them with correct broad-based information on reproductive health as part of a nationally-approved school curriculum\u2071,\u2072,\u2073. However, the non-application of the curriculum on sexuality education in many secondary schools in Nigeria has been blamed on a negative attitude of teachers\u2074. This study was undertaken to determine the attitude of secondary school teachers in Enugu, South-eastern Nigeria, to adolescent sexuality education and to determine whether this depends on their socio-demographic characteristics A cross-sectional study of the attitude of teachers to adolescent sexuality education was done. A total of 249 teachers were studied. Their mean age was 38.7 years \u00b18.08 SD. Two hundred and ten teachers (84%) were females. Two hundred and twenty-four teachers (90%) were married and 168 (67.5%) were of Roman Catholic faith. The awareness of reproductive health activities was high. There was a high proportion of respondents who approved of sexuality education for adolescents (77.5%) and an equally high proportion who believed that it was important (89%). One hundred and ninety-eight (79%) of the respondents were willing to teach sexuality education. The attitude to sexuality education was independent of religion, sex or marital status (p&gt;0.05). It was concluded that secondary school teachers in Enugu urban were willing to offer sexuality education to adolescents under their care irrespective of their religion, sex or marital status. It is, therefore, recommended that teachers in Enugu be given the necessary special training in the teaching of sexuality education now and that sexuality education be officially incorporated into the school curriculum in Enugu, preferably as part of moral studies. /// Les\u00e9tudes ont montr\u00e9 que les adolescents au Nig\u00e9ria n'ont qu'une faible connaissance des questions concernant la sant\u00e9 de reproduction et qu'il y a la n\u00e9cessit\u00e9 de leur fournir une information correcte de tendance tr\u00e8s large sur la sant\u00e9 de reproduction comme faisant partie d'un programme scolaire approuv\u00e9 dans le pays entier12\u00b73. Pourtant, l'attitude negative des enseignants est consid\u00e9r\u00e9e comme \u00e9tant responsable de la non-application du programme sur l'\u00e9ducation sexuelle dans plusieurs \u00e9coles secondaires au Nig\u00e9ria4. Cette \u00e9tude avait pour objectif de d\u00e9terminer l'attitude des enseignants au niveau de l'\u00e9cole secondaire \u00e0 Enugu, au Sud-Est du Nig\u00e9ria et de d\u00e9terminer si celle-ci d\u00e9pend de leurs caract\u00e9ristiques d\u00e9mographiques. Une \u00e9tude transversale portant sur l'attitude des enseignants envers l'\u00e9ducation sexuelle pour adolescents a \u00e9t\u00e9 men\u00e9e. Au total, 249 enseignants ont \u00e9t\u00e9 enqu\u00eat\u00e9s. Leur \u00e2ge moyen \u00e9tait 38,7 ans \u00b1 8,08 SD. Deux cent dix enseignants (84%) \u00e9taient des femmes. Deux cent vingt-quatre (90%) \u00e9taient mari\u00e9s et 168(67,5%) \u00e9taient de profession catholique. Le niveau de connaissance des activities de la sant\u00e9 reproductive \u00e9tait \u00e9lev\u00e9. Il y avait une grande proportion de r\u00e9pondants qui approuvaient l'\u00e9ducation sexuelle pour adolescents (77,5%). Il y avait \u00e9galement la m\u00eame proportion qui croyaient qu'elle \u00e9tait importante. Cent quatre vingt-dix-huit (79%) des r\u00e9pondants voulaient bien enseigner l'\u00e9ducation sexuelle. L'attitude envers l'\u00e9ducation sexuelle \u00e9tait ind\u00e9pendante de la religion, du genre ou de la situation de famille (P&lt;0,5). Nous avons conclu que les enseignants au niveau secondaire dans la ville d'Enugu voulaient bien enseigner l'\u00e9ducation sexuelle aux adolescents dont il a la responsibilit\u00e9, quelque soit leur religion, leur sexe et leur \u00e9tat civil. Nous proposons donc que les enseignants \u00e0 Enugu soient form\u00e9s de mani\u00e8re sp\u00e9ciale en ce qui concerne l'enseignement de l'\u00e9ducation sexuelle maintenant et que \u013e\u00e9ducation de la sexualit\u00e9 soit officiellement incorpor\u00e9e dans le programme scolaire \u00e0 Enugu, de pr\u00e9f\u00e9rence comme faisant partie des \u00e9tudes morales.\n      </p>", "Among the different sources of uncertainty in population forecasting, uncertain changes in the structure of heterogeneous populations have received little attention so far, although they can have significant impacts. Here we focus on the effect of changes in the educational composition of the population on the overall fertility of the population in the presence of strong fertility differentials by education. With data from India we show that alternative paths of future female enrolment in education result in significantly different total fertility rates (TFR) for the country over the coming decades, even assuming identical fertility trends within each education group. These results from multi-state population projections by education are then translated into a fully probabilistic population projection for India in which the results of alternative education scenarios are assumed to expand the uncertainty range of the future TFR in the total population. This first attempt to endogenize structural change with respect to education-which is the greatest measurable source of fertility heterogeneity in Asia-has resulted from a larger exercise of the Asian MetaCentre for Population and Sustainable Development Analysis to collect empirical information, scientific arguments as well as informed opinions about likely future population trends in Asia from a large number of population experts in the region. In this process, future changes in the educational composition of the population have been identified as a key driver of future fertility. The actual probabilistic population projections for India show that with high certainty, the Indian population will continue to grow to about 1.3 billion over the next quarter of a century. After that the uncertainty will get much wider, ranging from a continued strong increase to the beginning of a population decline in India. /// Parmi les diff\u00e9rentes sources d'incertitude dans les projections de population, les changements dans la structure de populations h\u00e9t\u00e9rog\u00e8nes ont re\u00e7u peu d'attention jusqu'ici, en d\u00e9pit de l'impact significatif qu'ils peuvent avoir. Nous nous concentrons ici sur les effets de changements dans la composition \u00e9ducative de la population sur la fertilit\u00e9 globale de la population, en pr\u00e9sence de forts diff\u00e9rentiels de fertilit\u00e9 par niveau d'\u00e9ducation. A partir de donn\u00e9es de l'Inde, nous montrons que des parcours \u00e9ducatifs diff\u00e9rents des femmes conduisent \u00e0 des taux globaux de fertilit\u00e9 significativement diff\u00e9rents pour le pays dans les d\u00e9cennies \u00e0 venir, m\u00eame avec l'hypoth\u00e8se que les tendances de fertilit\u00e9 restent identiques \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur de chaque groupe \u00e9ducatif. Ces r\u00e9sultats de projections de population par niveau \u00e9ducatif sont ensuite traduits en une projection de population enti\u00e8rement probabiliste pour l'Inde, dans laquelle les r\u00e9sultats de sc\u00e9narios \u00e9ducatifs alternatifs sont suppos\u00e9s accro\u00eetre le degr\u00e9 d'incertitude du futur taux global de fertilit\u00e9 dans la population totale. Cette premi\u00e8re tentative d'endog\u00e9n\u00e9iser le changement structurel en fonction de l'\u00e9ducation-qui est la source la plus mesurable d'h\u00e9t\u00e9rog\u00e9n\u00e9it\u00e9 de la fertilit\u00e9 en Asie-est issue d'un exercice plus large conduit par le M\u00e9tacentre Asiatique pour l'analyse de la population et du d\u00e9veloppement durable dans le but de collecter de l'information empirique, des arguments scientifiques ainsi que l'opinion d'un grand nombre d'experts de la population de la r\u00e9gion sur les futures tendances probables de la population en Asie. Dans ce processus, les changements futurs dans la structure de la population par niveau d'\u00e9ducation ont \u00e9t\u00e9 identifi\u00e9s comme un facteur cl\u00e9 de la fertilit\u00e9 future. Les projections de population probabilistes pour l'Inde montrent avec un degr\u00e9 \u00e9lev\u00e9 de certitude que la population va continuer \u00e0 cro\u00eetre jusqu'\u00e0 environ 1.3 milliard dans le prochain quart de si\u00e8cle. Au del\u00e0 l'incertitude devient beaucoup plus grande, entre le prolongement d'un fort accroissement et le d\u00e9but d'une baisse de la population indienne.\n      </p>", "Conservation education has usually focused on local scales; however, local approaches may lack the capacity to cope with conservation problems that span multiple spatial and temporal scales. I present an educational model to foster local educational initiatives supported by regional perspectives. Bringing local and regional educational perspectives together could enhance the success of conservation programs as a result not only of actions conducted at local and regional scales but also of synergistic effects deriving from interactions between local and regional people. This model has a broad application to many management and conservation problems.\n      </p>", "The authors evaluated the effect of an educational and feedback intervention on H2-blocker prescribing patterns and determined, if such effects differed for network- versus group-model health maintenance organization (HMO) physicians and in academic versus nonacademic settings. Physicians were randomized to receive an educational memorandum alone or combined with feedback regarding their individual prescribing behavior. The memo suggested preferred use of an H2-blocker (cimetidine) that would be less expensive to the HMO. Prescribing was monitored during the 6 months before and after the intervention. The study was undertaken at the primary care practices of a mixed group- and network-model university-affiliated HMO. Thirty group-model (at two academic and four nonacademic sites) and 33 network-model (all in full-time private practice) primary care physicians participated in the study. The analysis utilized weighted and unweighted analysis of covariance of the change in physicians' cimetidine-prescribing rates between the baseline and study periods. A significant response to the intervention was noted among academic and nonacademic group-model HMO physicians, but not among network physicians (adjusted mean absolute prescribing changes of +9.9% and +8.9% versus -2.8%, P = .02). There was no difference in prescribing change based on type of intervention (education versus feedback). The authors conclude that a simple passive educational intervention can be effective at changing group-model HMO physician behavior.\n      </p>", "This article describes and interprets the impact, particularly on women and children, of pressure by multilateral organizations on contemporary Brazilian early child care and education policies. Based on an analysis of macro data and documents, the author argues that this pressure is old, existing prior to the introduction of the concept of globalization into the vocabulary of the media and the social sciences. A first wave of pressure dates from the 1970s, during the cold war, and the second, beginning in the 1990s, resulted from the Washington Consensus. The central argument and supporting data presented in this article show that the early child care and education models put forward by multilateral organizations both perpetuate and are sustained by gender inequality and intersecting relations of class, race, and age domination.\n      </p>", "This article explores patterns of special education services during the elementary grades among children who participated in either the Child-Parent Center (CPC) Preschool Program or other early childhood programs in the Chicago Public Schools. The study sample included 1,377 low-income, racial minority children in the Chicago Longitudinal Study. Controlling for family background characteristics that might affect educational performance, children who participated in Child-Parent Center preschool had a significantly lower rate of special education placement (12.5%) than the comparison group (18.4%), who participated in an alternative all-day kindergarten program. The estimated impact of CPC preschool intervention was best explained by the cognitive advantage hypothesis. This article provides support for the long-term impact of the CPC preschool intervention on special education outcomes.\n      </p>", "This article analyses the context and status of mathematics education reform in Malawi. It describes four interrelated developments in the reform of secondary education in general, and mathematics education in particular, in Malawi. These developments are concerned with attempts to increase access to secondary education for a majority of Malawians and to provide a mathematical education that is relevant to the needs of the current society. Although these are promising developments in line with the political context of Malawi, and although they aim at developing a more suitable curriculum for Malawi, I suggest that they are limited in two ways. First, participation in these reform processes has involved only a few individuals and neglected teachers and students from distance education centres who comprise the majority of participants in secondary education in Malawi. Secondly, the reform processes have proceeded with little empirical justification and qualitative understanding of the realities of schooling in general, and mathematics education in particular, in Malawi. The analysis in this article suggests that these limitations in the reform process are a function of an inadequate understanding of the social-contextual aspects of mathematics learning and what it means to provide an education that more broadly recognizes its democratic nature.\n      </p>", "This article builds upon existing research which has been mapping and analysing the field of higher education research, and, in particular, on the analysis of the articles (n = 406) in 17 specialist higher education journals published in the English language outside of North America during the year 2000. It extends that analysis by examining the citations (n = 10,065) given in the articles, in particular the patterns of co-citation. This enables a clearer identification of the tribes or communities of practice that occupy the territory of higher education research. An attempt is be made to identify the key members of these tribes or communities, and to chart the key relationships within and between them.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we develop a model of technology adoption and economic growth in which households optimally obtain either a concept-based, \"general\" education or a skill-specific, \"vocational\" education. General education is costly to obtain, but enables workers to operate new production technologies. Firms weigh the cost of adopting and operating new technologies against increased profits and optimally choose the level of adoption. We show that an economy whose policies favor vocational education will grow slower in equilibrium than one that favors general education. More importantly, the gap between their growth rates will increase with the growth rate of available technology. By characterizing the optimal Ramsey education policy we also demonstrate that the optimal subsidy for general education increases with the growth rate of available technology. Our theory suggests that European education policies that favored specialized, vocational education might have worked well, both in terms of growth rates and welfare, during the 1960s and 1970s when available technologies changed slowly. However, in the information age of the 1980s and 1990s when new technologies emerged at a more rapid pace, they might have contributed to an increased growth gap relative to the United States.\n      </p>", "We use data on refugees admitted to The Netherlands that include registration of education in their homeland by immigration officers. Such data are seldom available. We investigate the quality and reliability of the registrations and then use them to assess effects on refugees' economic position during the first 5 years after arrival. The most remarkable finding is the absence of returns to higher education.\n      </p>", "The paper focuses on Nigeria, which has over the years invested substantially to improve the educational attainment of the labor force and to raise productivity but yet still faces declining real output and slow economie growth. The study observes that this puzzle is attributable to labor market distortions, redundancy of the workforce, benefit captured syndrome, industriai dispute and job discontinuities as well as leakages in the Nig\u00e9rian society such as brain drain, among others. The paper further suggests the improvement of the \u00e9ducation System, appropriate pricing of teachers labor and pr\u00e9vention of industriai disputes in order to Upgrade and internalize the contributions of educational capital to economie growth in Nigeria.\n      </p>", "Statistics has not been a part of the typical liberal arts curriculum. After an examination of some central features of both liberal arts education and statistics, it is argued that statistics can play a strong role in liberal arts education, in part because of the advances that have taken place in computer technology.\n      </p>", "Review of the literature on multicultural education within the United States reveals that program proponents have provided no systematic delineation of the views. To promote conceptual clarity and to bring some order to the field's broad scope, the author suggests that extant programs can be organized into four approaches. Analysis stems primarily from the anthropological literature on acculturation, ethnicity, and cultural pluralism. A fifth approach is offered that builds upon anthropological definitions of both education and culture and provides one basis for the evaluation of the other four approaches.\n      </p>", "The link between economic growth and labor market participation is complex and elusive. Investments in female education are expected to increase women's productivity at home, but the relationship to labor force participation is less clear. Research has identified a U-shaped relationship where women leave the labor market at early stages of economic development and return when a white-collar sector develops (Sinha, 1967; Durand, 1975; Pampel &amp; Tanaka, 1986; Goldin, 1995; Horton, 1996; Mammen &amp; Paxson, 2000; Juhn &amp; Ureta, 2003). This study replicates previous models using time-series analysis and consideration of large increases in female schooling over the past 30 years. The results suggest that investments in female education can overcome potential reductions in female participation due to increases in wealth, and policies to invest in girls' education appear to have benefits for labor markets, as well as family production.\n      </p>", "Using a life course perspective, we report the findings from a needs assessment for midlife and older adults regarding family life education. A sample of 264 adults aged 50 and older indicated interest in 29 family life education topics. The highest rated topics were nutrition and health, fitness and exercise, and positive aspects of aging. Overall, results from age and gender comparisons suggested that midlife adults (50-64) were more interested in family life education topics than were older adults (65+) and that women were more interested than men.\n      </p>", "Using biannual Current Population Survey data, this paper reexamines the question of how education and occupations led to the postponement of first births among American mothers in the 1970s through 1990s. Analytical methods in earlier investigations predispose researchers to favor an \"investment\" model of education's effects, but an alternative method used in this analysis suggests that college attainment's major effect on age at first birth is primarily the result of years spent childless in college. Mothers-to-be in higher prestige occupations did delay motherhood longer than did those in other occupations. This study extends earlier research by examining whether or not conclusions drawn about all women (with and without children) apply to the majority of women-those who become mothers. The expansion of higher education, higher prestige occupations, and their impact on work and family decisions are discussed.\n      </p>", "This paper uses data from the 1993 Survey of Household Income and Wealth conducted by the Bank of Italy in order to estimate a reduced form purist model of femal marital fertility and labour force participation. It focuses in particular on the effect of formal education on both fertility and labour force participation, and accounts for the potential endogeneity of education. Our estimates show that increasing education up to the upper secondary level exerts ceteris paribus a positive effect on marital fertility at ages 21-39 and that highly educated women postpone fertility and have a higher labour market attachment.\n      </p>", "The reform of K-12 math and science education will require a national, multisector, bipartisan effort sustained for at least two decades. The effort will involve all levels of government, communities, local businesses, and schools. The federal government has a pivotal role to play.\n      </p>", "When assessing the health benefits of increased education in less developed countries, many researchers have been concerned about the omission of important determinants of an individual's education from the models. The study presented here shows that one should also be concerned about the limitations of the individual-level perspective. According to a multilevel discrete-time hazard model estimated with data from the National Family Health Survey II, the average education of women in a census enumeration area has a strong impact on child mortality, in addition to the effect of the mother's own education. The lower child mortality associated with women's autonomy is taken into account in this estimation. Results from similar models for various health and health-care variables suggest that the effect of community education, like that of individual education, operates through the use of maternity services and other preventive health services, the child's nutrition, and the mother's care for a sick child.\n      </p>", "This analysis follows earlier research that hypothesized and substantiated that, in a society with strong son preference, its effect on fertility would be conditional on the level of contraceptive use. Present analysis of the prospective fertility experience of 22,819 women of reproductive age during 3.5 years in Matlab, Bangladesh, shows that this effect is higher among mothers with postprimary schooling versus those with primary or no education. The higher effect conforms with the known positive relationship of contraceptive use with maternal schooling. However, this increase when contrasted with the idea that education promotes modern values, including gender equality, suggests that education in Matlab, with its traditional slant, is not resistant to son preference. In a poor, traditional society with low status for women, schooling alone is not enough to motivate women to abandon low esteem for daughters though schooling promotes child survival. But if preference for smaller family size increases, promoted by education including such modern values as gender equality, then sex preference, although it cannot be completely removed, will have minimal effect on fertility as in most developed countries.\n      </p>", "Until recently, international education has existed at the margins of educational research. However, in the current context of globalization, international education has moved closer to the center of educational research throughout the world. In this article, the authors identify, describe, and analyze six distinct research approaches to international education: comparative and international education, internationalization of higher education, international schools, international research on teaching and teacher education, internationalization of K-12 education, and globalization of education. Within each approach, the authors discuss the historical context and the global political, economic, social, and cultural shifts that have shaped the research approach; map the major research trajectories that have developed; discuss the audience and research community; and analyze strengths and weaknesses. The authors conclude with a discussion of emergent trends within research in international education.\n      </p>", "This discussion paper is drawn from a qualitative research project comparing the effect of special and ordinary schools on the lives of children, young people and their families. Special schools are recommended by health professionals who seldom know how ineffective these schools are. We question the beneficence and justice of health professionals' advice on education for children with disabilities and other difficulties. Cooperation with local education authorities (LEAs) plays a considerable part in the work of community paediatricians, clinical medical officers, therapists and other health professionals encountering children with \"special needs\". The \"needs\" range from physical disability and sensory impairment to learning difficulties and emotional or behavioural difficulties. This cooperation involves routine administrative problems, but it raises broad ethical issues too, particularly in respect of current tendencies in state schooling towards the integration or inclusion of these children in mainstream schools and classes.\n      </p>", "Private education is a remarkably dynamic area of change in post-secondary education, particularly in Latin America. Evidence of growth in the number of private institutions and enrollment suggests that higher education is becoming increasingly diversified into two sectors - public and private. While this appears to be true throughout Latin America, and much of the developing world, recent evidence from Argentina casts doubt on the degree to which private sector growth trends may actually translate into a significant increase in the impact of private institutions in higher education, where impact is proxied by the relative share of student enrollment and graduates. This study explores the dimensions and impact of private expansion in Argentina, and places the findings in a comparative (regional) and theoretical framework. The analysis shows that, despite unprecedented growth in the number of private universities, the public sector remains the dominant provider of university education. Private institutions, while certainly more numerous and training a growing number of students, do not account for a larger share of university enrollment. They have, however, developed specific niches (e.g., in graduate level training and in urban areas). Significantly, following a pattern of institutional proliferation found throughout Latin America, some private universities offer elite alternatives to prestigious public institutions. The findings serve to qualify apparent 'gains' in private higher education and to underscore the need for further research into the relevant intrasectoral (public and private) dimensions of change in post-secondary education.\n      </p>", "The association of poor education and poor health has been consistently observed in many studies and in various countries. Thus far, studies examining the mechanisms underlying this association have looked at only a limited set of potential pathways.This study simultaneously examines six distinctive pathways, which have been hypothesized to link education and health and found support from previous studies. A causal analysis of education and health was performed using structural equation models. Data were used from six phases of the National Child Development Study, which is based on following up an initial sample of 17416 children who were born in 1958. The association between education and health appears to be explained by a combination of mechanisms: adolescent health and adult health behaviours for men and women, adult social class among men and parental social class among women. We conclude that improvements in population educational attainment may not automatically lead to improvements in population health, and that health policies for improving health and reducing health inequalities need to target specific causal pathways.\n      </p>", "This study explores the relationship between state policies, including state mandates and state aid allocations, and the distribution of educational opportunities. Specifically, we analyze the availability of and participation rates in programs for gifted and talented students using data from the Common Core of Data 1993-94 and the Schools and Staffing Survey 1993-94. Analyses herein suggest that program mandates and funding may be effective tools for increasing the distribution of opportunities for gifted children. However, models of both aid distribution and opportunity distribution indicate a tendency of states more significantly involved in gifted education, as indicated by mandates and funding, to promote regressive distributions of opportunities (greater availability in schools with fewer low-income students) through regressive distributions of aid (higher levels of aid to districts with fewer children in poverty). More specific case analyses, however, reveal that some states like Virginia may be taking steps to promote more neutral distributions of opportunities through more progressive allocations of state aid.\n      </p>", "Cooperative extension has a long-term history of delivering family life education. Further, the organization has developed numerous research-based resources and undertaken statewide initiatives in marriage and couples education. Most promising of all is the work of a group of extension specialists to create a practical, research-based curriculum that may reach communities in the United States through the established network of extension educators and their collaborators. We review various family relationship models and describe how the design of the new couples' curriculum is based on those models.\n      </p>", "This study estimates the trade-off between child quantity and quality by exploiting exogenous variation in fertility under son preferences. Under son preferences, both sibling size and fertility timing are determined depending on the first child's gender, which is random as long as parents do not abort girls at their first childbearing. For the sample South Korean households, I find strong evidence of unobserved heterogeneity in preferences for child quantity and quality across households. The trade-off is not as strong as observed cross-sectional relationships would suggest. However, even after controlling for unobserved heterogeneity, a greater number of siblings have adverse effects on per-child investment in education, in particular, when fertility is high.\n      </p>", "In a paper written in 1987 entitled \"Computers and the Humanities Courses: Philosophical Bases and Approaches\" Nancy Ide put forward two views on teacher education in humanities computing, the \"Expert User's View\" and the \"Holistic View\". Ide's two views are derived from the collective opinions given by members of a workshop on teaching computing and humanities courses. In this article the degree to which Ide's two Views can be substantiated in Computer-Assisted Language Learning (CALL) is explored, through a review of the literature and through an international survey on CALL materials development conducted by the author in 1991 (Levy, 1994). On this basis, and given the scarcity of Holistic courses in CALL, a rationale for a CALL course with a holistic orientation is presented.\n      </p>", "This study addresses three questions: i.e., (1) under what conditions do ethnic movements create separate schools; (2) what influences the development of their pedagogical components; and (3) why is ethnic education more or less effective? Types of formal and non-formal ethnic education are typologized regarding degrees of ethnic control and degree of change sought. The Swede-Finn Movement is then examined as a \"defensive\" type case with, presently, high ethnic control and low change orientation. It suggests the need to study further how ethnic-movement education programs-as \"transforming experiments\"-have contributed to change in social relations, movement ideology, and individual values in various movement configurations and settings.\n      </p>", "This paper examines whether foreign aid in education has a significant effect on growth. We take into consideration the heterogeneous nature of aid as well as the heterogeneity of aid recipients\u2014we disaggregate the aid data into primary, secondary, and higher education, and run separate regressions for low income and middle income countries. We find that the effect of aid varies by income as well as by the type of aid. Thus our results underscore the importance of the heterogeneity of aid flows as well as the heterogeneity of recipient countries when analyzing the effect of aid on growth.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the relationship between formal western style education and developing patterns of social stratification in a community of northern Zambia. It examines the manner in which a capitalist productive mode has affected indigenous occupational structures transforming millet cultivators into peasants and wage earners.\n      </p>", "This article charts the promissory notes and concerns related to college-level online education as reflected in the educational literature. It is argued that, to appreciate the potential and limitations of online education, we need to trace the issues that bind online education with distance education. The article reviews the history of distance education through the lenses of three historical themes-democratization, liberal education, and educational quality-and charts the current scene of online education in terms of three educational visions that may inform the development of online initiatives: the presentational view, the performance-tutoring view, and the epistemic-engagement view. The article emphasizes the potential contributions of online education to democratization and the advancement of the scholarship of teaching.\n      </p>", "Statistics education is often restricted to teaching the mathematical equations and theories that form the foundation of statistical analysis. It can be argued, however, that the interpretation of the analysis and the communication of the results are equally important. The interdisciplinary role of statisticians requires us to examine real-life problems critically and communicate analytical results to nonstatisticians in a clear and concise manner. This article discusses the importance of including writing assignments as a routine part of statistics courses and presents benefits of the increased use of writing.\n      </p>", "Ethnography is increasingly used by researchers in education. Among nonanthropologists, however, it is often misconceived and superficially applied; among anthropologists there is a strong bias toward a narrow application of the technique to the study of education. The present paper argues for the application of traditional anthropological ethnography in the study of formal education and for broadening the scope of such studies. It also suggests a framework-an ecological framework-that permits a multilevel application of ethnography in formal education.\n      </p>", "This speech is devoted to science education reform and the pivotal role of the science teacher in the process.\n      </p>", "Although the majority of research in gender and education has rightly focused on girls, recent research in the United States and elsewhere has focused much more on the learning, social outcomes, and schooling experiences of boys. This \"boy turn \" has produced a large corpus of theoretically oriented and practice-oriented research alongside popular and rhetorical works and feminist and pro-feminist responses, each of which this article reviews. To answer why boys have become such a concern at this time, this article explores the origins and motivations of the boy turn, examines major critiques of the distress about boys, and suggests possible directions for debates and research.\n      </p>", "This article discusses, principally from an English perspective, globalisation, global citizenship and two forms of education relevant to those developments (global education and citizenship education). We describe what citizenship has meant inside one nation state and ask what citizenship means, and could mean, in a globalising world. By comparing the natures of citizenship education and global education, as experienced principally in England during, approximately, the last three decades, we seek to develop a clearer understanding of what has been done and what might be done in the future in order to develop education for global citizenship. We suggest that up to this point there have been significant differences between the characterisations that have been developed for global education and citizenship education. These differences are revealed through an examination of three areas: focus and origins; the attitude of the government and significant others; and the adoption of pedagogical approaches. We suggest that it would be useful to look beyond old barriers that have separated citizenship education and global education and to form a new global citizenship education. Their separation has in the past only perpetuated the old understandings of citizenship and constructed a constrained view of global education.\n      </p>", "This study examines households' fertility variations in response to expected permanent shifts in the return to education. Wage premiums measure the return to education because their long-run movements are driven by factors exogenous to the fertility process. The results indicate that high education parents' fertility responds negatively to changes in the expected return to college and negatively to changes in the expected return to high school. On the other hand, the fertility of low education parents does not vary with changes to expected returns to education. These results can be consistently interpreted within a standard quality/quantity model of endogenous fertility.\n      </p>", "This survey of 130 mothers of school children in grades 6, 9 and 12 in a school district in Ontario, Canada, found that most supported the teaching of sex education but were divided about which values should be taught. Whereas more than half disapproved of premarital sex, only one-third believed that an important objective of sex education should be to discourage premarital sex. Nevertheless, the strongest variable related both to attitudes toward the teaching of sex education and values in sex education was that of premarital sexual attitudes. Church attendance was not related to support for sex education but was related to the teaching of conservative values. These results clearly indicate the necessity for educators to be aware not only of whether parents support sex education but also of the values which they want to have presented.\n      </p>", "We suggest that there is a need for those who seek to explore issues associated with the implementation of citizenship education in England to clarify its specific nature. This can be done, at least in part, through a process of comparison. To that end we review some of the connections and disjunctions between 'character education' and 'citizenship education'. We argue, drawing from US and UK literature but focusing our attention on contexts and issues in England, that there are indeed some broad areas of overlap between these two fields. Citizens should be of 'good' character and the educational initiatives that we consider both emerge from a concern about current trends in society. However, we suggest that the overlaps with citizenship education principally apply when character education is drawn very broadly. When we examine a particular approach to character education that is often US-based, and titled as 'citizenship', we note many contrasts with citizenship education as formulated in the National Curriculum for England. We suggest that citizenship educators in England need to interpret claims about the similarity between these two fields with caution, or meanings that apply to both character education and citizenship education will be distorted.\n      </p>", "Diversity is a highly popular and oft-used term and concept in K-12 and higher education. This literature review examines the dominant discourse on diversity\u2014a discourse that positions difference as deficit. Although traditional schooling has been resistant to system-wide change, this review will also consider research showing teachers as well positioned to make emancipatory choices\u2014critically engaging in and demonstrating values and classroom practices that can counteract the limited knowledge and normative practices so common in schools today. This review concludes with a discussion of an emancipatory model of education that educators can build on as part of a paradigm shift grounded in the Black Studies intellectual tradition. This model represents an alternative to the hierarchy of human worth embedded in the predominant conception of diversity. By moving past the constraints of traditional schooling, emancipatory educators can affirm the collective humanity of all students-teachers-families and the cultures and groups they represent.\n      </p>", "In this paper, market orientation in Croatian higher education (HE) is discussed within the context of stakeholder-oriented management. Drawing on existing studies, the 'classical' empirical model, describing the market orientation of generic nonprofit organisations, has been adapted to the contingencies of the Croatian HE sector. Empirical testing of the model, based on primary data drawn from the majority of public institutions of higher learning in the country, reveals inadequate market orientation toward the relevant stakeholders. Although social market orientation currently does not exist in Croatian HE institutions, the empirical results confirm that it might be possible to initiate a 'virtuous circle', in which relevant market orientation and stakeholder management practices, directed toward one or other of the stakeholders, simultaneously enhance orientation toward the other stakeholders. Unfortunately, the current situation in HE is not satisfactory, which could hinder the implementation of development of knowledge society in Croatia.\n      </p>", "Interest in and confusion regarding pros and cons of distance education (DE) have increased at colleges and universities across the country. We review DE methodologies and examine issues and concerns related to teaching at a distance. Media for DE delivery include printed matter, projected graphical material, videotapes, World Wide Web, satellite, CD-ROM, and digital video disc, and each has different attributes and characteristics. We discuss potential benefits of DE to colleges and universities, students, and faculty, and explore barriers to adoption of DE. Finally, we offer suggestions for faculty interested in developing distance education courses and for students interested in taking these courses.\n      </p>", "Education research is plagued by skeptics who doubt its quality and relevance. Inhabitants of schools of education have been among the sharpest critics, and internal battles rage over method and rigor. Yet often lacking is research that explains causes or examines the interplay at the heart of educational practice and policy. This article argues for a conception of research in education that deliberately presses into what is called here the instructional dynamic. Using a sample of studies that exemplify this quintessentially educational perspective, the authors unpack key features of research that probes inside education. They discuss how such research complements in essential ways the other kinds of scholarship that examine and inform education.\n      </p>", "Between 1965 and 1976 the number of children born in the UK decreased by about one third. The fall in the number of births was followed by a fall in the number of children on roll in compulsory education, which resulted in many schools being closed. This paper examines the dynamics of falling rolls in the city of Southampton. Multidimensional scaling techniques are used to explore the social characteristics of the schools proposed for closure. The paper examines also the consequences of the exercise of parental choice of school. It is shown that social dynamics and staffing rules based on constant pupil/teacher ratios remove resources from the schools that are most in need of them.\n      </p>", "This meta-analysis employs a theoretical framework in quantitatively synthesizing empirical studies that investigate the effects of distance education (DE) versus classroom instruction on undergraduate student achievement. Analyses of 218 findings from 103 studies were conducted according to how media were used to support DE pedagogy. The results indicate that the effect sizes for synchronous instructor-directed DE were consistent and not significantly different from zero; in asynchronous DE, media only supporting independent learning was generally less effective than media supporting collaborative discussion among students, although both subsets were significantly heterogeneous. Follow-up analysis of asynchronous DE findings was framed in terms of three patterns of interaction-student-content, student-instructor and student-student.\n      </p>", "The dramatic growth in student numbers associated with the shift from elite to mass systems across virtually all developed countries is central to current transformations in terms of structure, purpose, social and economic role of higher education. As a part of this process of expansion and heterogenization, new groups of students who, for a complex range of social, economic and cultural reasons were traditionally excluded from or under-represented in higher education, might be expected to participate in increasing numbers. The paper develops the concept of non-traditional learners and demonstrates how an examination of ways in which higher education systems respond to such learners can provide a fruitful basis for a comparative analysis of change in higher education across ten countries- Austria, Australia, Canada, Germany, Ireland, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, United Kingdom, and the United States. The primary emphasis in the study was on the institutional and policy issues which appeared to either inhibit or support participation by non-traditional learners. On this basis six factors were identified which seemed to be particularly influential with regard to the participation of non-traditional students and the associated moves towards a lifelong learning mode of higher education. The evidence suggests that, while progress can be reported on a number of dimensions in comparison with a similar analysis of participation by adults students in the same countries undertaken just over a decade earlier, high participation rates do not automatically imply that the functions of higher education in social selection and reproduction are obsolete, or that issues of access and equity can be regarded as features of the past.\n      </p>", "In this study, the authors describe the efficacy beliefs of practicing elementary school teachers regarding character education. The Character Education Efficacy Belief Instrument, developed and validated by the authors, was completed by a sample of 254 elementary school teachers in a large midwestern suburban school district. The results suggest that elementary school teachers feel efficacious about most aspects of character education and that teachers who earned their undergraduate degrees from private, religiously affiliated universities have a greater sense of efficacy for character education. Further research into the nature and effectiveness of programs that exist in private, religiously affiliated institutions may suggest methods for developing teachers' abilities to provide character education in schools.\n      </p>", "Participants in a parent education program mandated for divorcing parents were compared with a similar sample of individuals who had not participated in such a program. The mail survey consisted of 236 individuals. A series of 2(program) \u00d7 2(parental residential status) MANCOVA's and ANCOVA's, with SES and age as covariates, indicated a program effect in terms of the parent-child relationship for those divorced four years or less. The program participants expressed a high level of satisfaction with the program and believed that it was very beneficial.\n      </p>", "We examine the impact of an ethics education program on reporting behavior using two groups of students: fourth year Masters of Accounting students who just completed a newly instituted ethics education program, and fifth year students in the same program who did not receive the ethics program. In an experiment providing both the opportunity and motivation to misreport for more money, we design two social condition treatments \u2013 anonymity and public disclosure \u2013 to examine whether or to what extent ethical values are internalized by students. We find that when participants are anonymous, misreporting rates are nearly the same regardless of ethics program participation. However, when their reporting behavior is made public to the cohort, participants who completed the ethics program misreported at significantly lower rates than those who did not receive the ethics program. The results suggest that ethics education does not necessarily result in internalized ethical values, but it can impact ethical behavior.\n      </p>", "A survey of recent articles reveals how much management science is really used in higher education administration by classifying each article according to the technique used, implementation experience, purpose of the model, administrative level, the resources to be allocated, and academic program. The results indicate an increased use of management science at the departmental level, but very little use in state or federal educational administration. The resource allocation problems of assigning faculty to courses or developing future budgets have been attacked diligently, although often with few actual implementations. However, other potentially rewarding areas such as operation of the physical plant have received little attention. Very few uses of MIS have been reported, but a number of successful DSSs have been developed and used.\n      </p>", "In these two essays we explore the questions: what are the essential features of a workable context for science education? What are the givens, the \"of courses,\" the \"fundamental dispositions\" toward science and toward education necessary--or at least sufficient--to provide a fertile ground upon which a functional approach to science education can be established? In the present essay it is argued first that science education must reflect that science is a way of thinking--in fact, more comprehensively, a way of being; and second, and that the fundamentally antiauthoritarian spirit of science must be reconciled with education, with its built-in tendency to be authoritarian.\n      </p>", "Hundreds of family life education Web sites are available on the Internet, allowing individuals and families unprecedented access to family life education information. Evaluation is critical to ensuring the quality of and improving these Web sites; yet, few Web site evaluations have been conducted. We formatively evaluated a new family life education Web site, Forever Families (www.foreverfamilies.net), assessing site use with Web-based software and receiving visitor feedback through an online survey. Findings revealed that the site was highly used by individuals throughout the world, that the site was viewed positively and had a positive impact on users, and that site ratings did not substantially vary by user characteristics. Users provided many helpful suggestions for improvement.\n      </p>", "This article reviews past empirical studies on the use of audio podcast (hereby referred to as podcast) in K-12 and higher education settings. Using the constant comparative method, this review is organized into three major research areas or topics: (a) participants' podcast usage profile, (b) effects of podcast on learners' outcomes, and (b) institutional aspects. Findings suggest that the most common use of podcasting is limited to either instructors distributing podcast recordings of lectures or supplementary materials for students to review subject material at their own time and place. A majority of the previous studies were descriptive, and were conducted in higher education and traditional course settings. Students generally enjoy using podcast, and tend to listen to the podcasts at home using desktop computers, rather than on the move (e. g., commuting to school) with a mobile device. Probably the main benefit of podcasting is that it allows students to listen to specific material that they missed or did not understand multiple times. The availability of podcast does not appear to encourage students to skip classes. We also discuss limitations of previous empirical studies, and provide some directions for future research related to the use of podcast in education settings.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the class distribution of young people, aged 16-17 years, in colleges of further education (FE) using data from the Youth Cohort Study. It finds that, contrary to popular perceptions of FE colleges as being for 'other people's children', middle-class students as well as working-class students are well represented. However, this does not imply that FE colleges are institutions of choice; middle-class representation is often related to lower achievement and, for low-achieving working-class students, leaving education entirely is more likely than entry to FE. These findings are explored using notions of habitus and field. Their relationship with studies of the education of middle-class children is also discussed, and the paper suggests that research on class in FE colleges must come to terms with middle-class presence.\n      </p>", "Worldwide immigration and quests for rights by minority groups have caused social scientists and educators to raise serious questions about liberal assimilationist conceptions of citizenship that historically have dominated citizenship education in nation-states. The author of this article challenges liberal assimilationist conceptions of citizenship and citizenship education. He argues that citizenship education should be reformed so that it reflects the home cultures and languages of students from diverse groups, and he contends that group rights can help individuals to attain structural equality. In the final part of the article, he discusses the implications of his analysis for transforming citizenship education.\n      </p>", "Globalization and the revolution in technological communications are major forces of change in higher education. This environment, when coupled with the needs of adult learners and the rising costs of tuition at traditional colleges and universities, has stimulated the emergence of for- profit, degree-granting higher education in the United States. This paper examines the growth of for-profit higher education, provides a cost/ profit analysis, and gives examples of for-profit universities that are increasing international in scope. The paper concludes with a discussion of the implications of these developments for traditional colleges and universities.\n      </p>", "This paper sets forth some Post Keynesian policy proposals concerning education. It first reviews U.S. education problems and the neoclassical solution to them, which relies on increasing competition and consumer choice. The paper then reviews the empirical literature on these topics, and concludes by setting forth a Post Keynesian approach to the U.S. education problems that is supported by these empirical findings. This approach would focus more on providing sufficient income to children of low-income households as well as additional educational spending. It would reject tracking students, and support standards and funding at larger levels of government than the local level.\n      </p>", "This study reviews program materials being used in over half of the U. S. counties that have documented court-connected educational programs for divorcing parents. Program documents were examined to determine sources of materials, conceptual foundations, topics presented, teaching strategies, and evaluation efforts. Data analysis identified 50 different topic areas covered by programs, reliance on passive or limited parental involvement teaching strategies, and formative, rather than summative, evaluation efforts. Recommendations for the design of court-connected divorce education programs are included.\n      </p>", "Multicultural education (of which 'multifaith' RE in England and Wales is sometimes regarded as a subset) was attacked by antiracists in Britain in the 1980s. Although it is arguable that not all of the criticisms were valid, the debate raises questions about the efficacy of religious education in countering racism. The paper argues that a lack of analysis of the concepts 'religions' and 'cultures' in British RE has led to a representation of religious traditions which essentialises them, playing down their internal diversity, and which assumes a 'closed' view of cultures. A more flexible approach is suggested, drawing on work in ethnography and other social science disciplines, which might better combine with antiracist stances than earlier approaches. The work of the Warwick Religions and Education Research Unit is introduced briefly as an example of an attempt to address some of the above issues in terms of an integrated approach to theory, the study of religions in the community and the development of religious education curriculum materials.\n      </p>", "If we value religious tolerance and autonomy, we must breach the silence about religion in public schools, and add a comparative religious education to the compulsory curriculum at the high school level. This education would expose students to a variety of religious beliefs in a fair manner by allowing religious denominations themselves to participate in deciding how their beliefs are presented to students. The major obstacle to the implementation of such an education is the objection of religious conservatives and fundamentalists that it would violate neutrality. Not only is a comparative religious education able to survive the criticisms that religious conservatives routinely make against a liberal education, but the inclusion of such an education is the only way to make a liberal education truly neutral. This education would provide the recognition of the importance of religion in general and of conservative religions in particular that religious conservatives complain is lacking from the status quo compulsory curriculum in public schools.\n      </p>", "Alasdair Maclntyre identifies two interconnected problems for present day thinking about the nature of educational provision. The first concerns the very possibility of general educatedness in the social and cultural circumstances of modernity; the second concerns the narrow and specialist route down which professional training has proceeded in contemporary post-industrial societies. This paper explores the implications of MacIntyre's views and argues for a radical reappraisal of current conceptions of teacher education and training.\n      </p>", "A synthesis of the literature on knowledge dissemination and use in education, notably in science and mathematics, is presented. Perspectives have changed in the ways in which knowledge and products are seen to reach potential users. From the top-down, linear models, we have come closer to bottom-up approaches and to the crucial role of linking agents. At present, the most influential approach is a \"constructivist\" one, whereby research and other kinds of specialized knowledge is exchanged between researchers and professionals in a mutually constructed social context. While there is still debate over the best predictors of successful knowledge use, the scope of the field has been considerably enlarged by including users' perspectives. To some extent then, specialists in this field are now working in a new paradigm.\n      </p>", "This paper is a rejoinder to an earlier article critical of today's sexuality education. The major theoretical contentions of the earlier article are examined and refuted. The inaccuracies and myths used to buttress the critical thesis are documented. The positive values that more accurately describe sexuality education are delineated. The paper concludes that in its primary values and its observed effects, contemporary sexuality education represents the essence of democratic society.\n      </p>", "This article reports findings of a needs assessment used with youth, mothers, and family life educators regarding issues of sexuality, AIDS, and sexuality education. Although parents and family life educators are often viewed as adversaries regarding sexuality education, the results of this study reveal that mothers and educators share many similar ideas about the timing and content of sexuality education. Recommendations for strengthening collaborative efforts between parents and family life educators are offered.\n      </p>", "This study makes use of the National Family Health Survey of 1998-99 to investigate whether differences in women's autonomy can explain much of the relationship between education and contraceptive use among married Indian women with at least one child. The analyses show that a woman's education does not influence her contraceptive use through a strengthening of her position in relation to that of men, but that the inclusion of a simple indicator of her general knowledge reduces education effects appreciably. Further, the average educational level of other women in the census-enumeration area has an effect on a woman's contraceptive use above and beyond that of her own education. This effect cannot be explained by the specific indicators of autonomy, but can to some extent be explained by the son preference of the community. The latter is a more general autonomy indicator that may also pick up other contextual factors.\n      </p>", "This article examines the prospects for education over the next decade in the context of an analysis of the last fifty years of conflict and consensus over education policy. It begins with a look into the future and then turns back to 1944 to study the distribution of power under the Butler settlement. It then examines the pressures which broke up the Butler settlement and created the conditions for the market revolution of 1988 to 1994. It argues that in 1994 the education system stands at a turning point where a number of significant choices have to be made. If good policy choices are made in the next two to three years it argues, then the education system has the potential to achieve very high levels of success within the next decade.\n      </p>", "Readability formulas were used to calculate the difficulty level of randomly selected passages from 16 parent education publications. Raw scores and reading grade levels were derived from the language variables specified by six formulas. Significant (p = .001) correlations (Spearman Rank-Order) exist between all sets of formulas. Reading levels varied by three or four grades in 15 of the 16 publications. At least a high school level of reading ability would be required to comprehend ten of the publications. The newer, less time-consuming formulas are reliable substitutes for the older, more time-consuming ones. Implications for parent education are presented.\n      </p>", "A sample of public universities and private colleges are compared in terms of their enrolments, costs, facilities and quality of provision. The purpose is to illuminate an important policy issue for Malaysia and to contribute to the general debate on the role of the private sector in the provision of higher education. The general findings are that public universities appear to be more efficient in satisfying public demand in terms of quality of provision.\n      </p>"], "words": {"all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colleges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cooperative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remarkably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "religious": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "children": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "devoted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calculate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technique": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "opportunities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 30, "prob": 0.00024843794641193494}, "must": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "program": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "promoting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "those": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "teaching": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "include": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mothers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gender": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "notes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "f": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "force": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "educators": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "estimates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evaluated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "universities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learner": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consistently": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "scientists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "focuses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hundreds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attainment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "focused": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "groups": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "strong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teacher": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "change": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "clarify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shift": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "reports": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "survey": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "social": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "usually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mothers,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "scales": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schooling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "private": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "highly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "crisis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "use": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "from": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "would": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "next": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sample": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "doubt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "until": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "today": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recently,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "curriculum": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rights": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "this": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "science": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "theories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviews": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "can": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "impacts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "numbers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "needs": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "united": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hypothesized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "discussion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "globalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ordinary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "minority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "earlier": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mapping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "educational": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "a": {"number": 30, "prob": 0.00024843794641193494}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "democracy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "think": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "typical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "help": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "over": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "years": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "course": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statistical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "still": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "style": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labor": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "them": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "views": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hunter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "provision": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "day": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "articles": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "netherlands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "each": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identifies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "england": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "keynesian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "idea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "substantially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mandated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adequately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shown": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "restricted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "suggesting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "correct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foundation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "births": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficulty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "created": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "malawi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divorcing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reexamines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "english": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "households": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "conservation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nigeria": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "classroom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "that": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "costs,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "elite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "essays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "distance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "project": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "marriage": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "were": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "k": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 57, "prob": 0.0004720320981826764}, "engagement,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strengthen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "randomly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "need": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seek": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "majority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pivotal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "worldwide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "who": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "experiences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "services": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reform": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "sector": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fifty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multilateral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "feedback": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "access": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "slow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "northern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implementation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "productivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "written": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "failed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zambia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "trade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reveal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "determinants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "h": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proponents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fertility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reveals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "human": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "individual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "college": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "study,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sites": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "drawn": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tolerance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "terms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "parent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "confusion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "declining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "received": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prospects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "uncertainty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "according": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foreign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "faces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schools,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "relevant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "character": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rightly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adults": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transformations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "much": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adoption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "families": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "efficacy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systematic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "child": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "last": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interprets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particular,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sexuality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teachers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aid": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "perspective,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interconnected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "orientation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "played": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "level,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "girls,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 50, "prob": 0.0004140632440198916}, "comparative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "open": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "administration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shifts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virtually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conflict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "development": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "reporting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "assessing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "student": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "robust": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "older": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adolescents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "academic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "materials": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oft": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 85, "prob": 0.0007039075148338157}, "paradigm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "researchers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "half": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plagued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "paul": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "web": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thinking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "had": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "administrative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unprecedented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "real": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "early": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "accepted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formal": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "qualitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multicultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "either": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "popular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "refugees": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maxim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "elitist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "home": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consensus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "broad": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "religion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "patient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "post": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "notably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "output": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "raise": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "on": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "about": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 71, "prob": 0.0005879698065082461}, "economic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "efforts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "son": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "registration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elementary": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mass": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "intervention": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "existed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statistics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "area": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "class": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "charts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "way": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brazilian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "synthesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "form": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immigration": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "boys": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "link": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "with": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "reproductive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "up": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meta": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aids,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heterogeneous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "similar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beliefs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "liberal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "citizenship": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "research,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engineering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "model,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 53, "prob": 0.0004389070386610851}, "as": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conceptions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mathematics,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "papers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poor": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "provided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "allowing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contraceptive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "correlated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "delineation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevalent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "u": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}