{"total_words": 1649, "documents": ["The relationship between social stratification and entrepreneurship is one that is underexplored in the literature of management and organizations. In the authors' view, social stratification (social structure, institutions, and culture) influences the context, process, experience, and outcomes of entrepreneurship. In this article, the authors discuss these relationships in the context of African American women engaged in high-growth entrepreneurship. The authors support their premise by presenting the limitations of prevailing approaches that exist within the current minority and women entrepreneurship literatures. Using the concept of entrepreneurial success as an example, the authors demonstrate how a social stratification and entrepreneurship framework may be useful for scholars who seek to understand the process of entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "We define cultural entrepreneurship as the process of storytelling that mediates between extant stocks of entrepreneurial resources and subsequent capital acquisition and wealth creation. We propose a framework that focuses on how entrepreneurial stories facilitate the crafting of a new venture identity that serves as a touchstone upon which legitimacy may be conferred by investors, competitors, and consumers, opening up access to new capital and market opportunities. Stories help create competitive advantage for entrepreneurs through focal content shaped by two key forms of entrepreneurial capital: firm-specific resource capital and industry-level institutional capital. We illustrate our ideas with anecdotal entrepreneurial stories that range from contemporary high-technology accounts to the evolution of the mutual fund industry. Propositions are offered to guide future empirical research based on our framework. Theoretically, we aim to extend recent efforts to synthesize strategic and institutional perspectives by incorporating insights from contemporary approaches to culture and organizational identity.\n      </p>", "This paper explains individual start-up activities on the basis of both person-related characteristics and the regional context. The analysis is based upon micro data from the GEM adult population survey. Both individual and regional variables have an influence on the decision to become self-employed. There are considerable differences between nascent opportunity entrepreneurship and nascent necessity entrepreneurship. Whereas the results for opportunity entrepreneurship are in line with theoretical predictions the factors influencing necessity entrepreneurship are far more difficult to determine. The most significant change between 2001 and 2003/2004 is the reversal of the influence of a change in the regional rate of unemployment on nascent entrepreneurship activities.\n      </p>", "In contrast to the large and rapidly growing literature on information technology (IT) investments and firm productivity, we know very little about the role of personal computers in business creation. Using matched data from the 1997-2001 Computer and Internet Usage Supplements to subsequent Outgoing Rotation Group files from the Current Population Survey (CPS), I explore the relationship between computer ownership and entrepreneurship. Trends over the past two decades provide some evidence of a positive relationship between home computers and entrepreneurship rates, but the evidence is not clear. In contrast, an analysis of the relationship between computer ownership and entrepreneurship at the individual level provides evidence that individuals who had access to a home computer are substantially more likely to become entrepreneurs over the following 12-15 months. Probit and bivariate probit regressions also provide evidence of a strong positive relationship between computer ownership and entrepreneurship among women, but only limited evidence for men. Further, estimates from the CPS indicate that entrepreneurs who had prior access to home computers create a large variety of types of businesses and not only those in the IT industry.\n      </p>", "This study examines the relationship between corporate entrepreneurship intensity and five specific strategic management practices in a sample of 169 U.S. manufacturing firms. The five strategic management practices include: scanning intensity, planning flexibility, planning horizon, locus of planning, and control attributes. The results of the study indicated a positive relationship between corporate entrepreneurship intensity and scanning intensity, planning flexibility, locus of planning, and strategic controls. The fine-grained nature of these results may be of practical use to firms that are trying to become more entrepreneurial and may help researchers better understand the subtleties of the interface between strategic management and corporate entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "Based upon two strands of literature, this paper hypothesizes a U-shaped relationship between a country's rate of entrepreneurial dynamics and its level of economic development. This would imply a different scope for entrepreneurship policy across subsequent stages of development. Regressing global entrepreneurship (GEM) 2002 data for nascent entrepreneurship in 36 countries on the level of economic development as measured either by per capita income or by an index for innovative capacity, we find support for a U-shaped relationship. The results suggest that a 'natural rate' of nascent entrepreneurship is to some extent governed by 'laws' related to the level of economic development. For the most advanced nations, improving incentive structures for business start-ups and promoting the commercial exploitation of scientific findings offer the most promising approach for public policy. Developing nations, however, may be better off pursuing the exploitation of scale economies, fostering foreign direct investment and promoting management education.\n      </p>", "In an era of downsizing and disposable ethics, there is a need to redefine the role of business in society. Central to such a discussion is the frame of reference of the entrepreneur. A traditional business model defines entrepreneurship based on endowing resources with new wealth producing capabilities. This paper defines entrepreneurship as a calling to endow resources with new value. In support of the impact such a distinction would have on repositioning the role of business in society, the paper weaves together writings from the Pope, Drucker, and Lonergan, with emphasis on applying Lonergan's discussion of bias to the discussion of ethics in business. Adapting the term, \"lifesizing\", which was coined by the author in a previous article, to entrepreneurship, the paper takes the position that lifesized entrepreneurship can act as a catalyst similar to Lonergan's cosmopolis and play a key role in countering bias and repositioning the role of business in society.\n      </p>", "Inter-organizational models are both a well-documented phenomena and a well-established domain in management and business ethics. Those models rest on collaborative capabilities. However, mainstream theories and practices aimed at developing these capabilities are based on a narrow set of assumptions and ethical principles about human nature and relationships, which constrain the very development of capabilities sought by them. This article presents an Aristotelic-Thomistic approach to collaborative entrepreneurship within and across communities of firms operating in complementary markets. Adopting a scholarship of integration approach and evaluating the six studies of communities of organizations, we contribute an inter-organizational network model based on the assumptions about human motives and choice offered by Aristotle. We argue that the sustainability of inter-organizational communities depends on how rich is the set of assumptions about human nature upon which they are based. In order to develop and sustain collaborative capabilities in inter-organizational communities, a set of assumptions that takes both self-regarding and others'-regarding preferences as ends is required to avoid any kind of instrumentalization of collaboration, which is an end in itself. Implications for theory and practice are discussed.\n      </p>", "The paper proposes that a trade-off can be identified between the union power and the entry rate of new enterprises. It suggests that union power increases the entrepreneurial failure risk, thereby discouraging entrepreneurship and reducing the employment opportunities. In addition, we show that high price uncertainty and a union-controlled labour market is a harmful combination for entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "In this article, I focus on entrepreneurship as a gendered geographic process to examine how changes in people and place are linked. Although entrepreneurship is a process that is marked by deep stereotypical gender divisions, it is also one through which people d can change the meaning of gender and the way in which gender is lived. In addition, entrepreneurship links people and place in a number of ways, most notably through networks of social relations in place. I discuss four geographic studies of women's entrepreneurship, each undertaken in a different country\u2014Botswana, India, Peru, and the United States. These studies demonstrate that whereas entrepreneurship per se or access to microcredit alone is seldom sufficient to change the position of women or gender relations in a place, women are using entrepreneurship to change their lives and those of others and, in the process, are changing the places where they live. Key to this transformative process are programs of governmental and nongovernmental organizations and women's grassroots actions that are aimed at building women's skills, confidence, and business networks.\n      </p>", "Stevenson (1983) holds that entrepreneurial management, defined as a set of opportunity-based management practices, can help firms remain vital and contribute to firm and societal level value creation. While his conceptualization has received much attention, little progress has been made because of a lack of empirical tools to examine his propositions. This article seeks to resolve this by describing a new instrument that was developed specifically for operationalizing Stevenson's conceptualization. After two pre-tests, the instrument was tested full scale on a very large (1200+ cases) stratified random sample of firms with different size, governance structure, and industry affiliation. The results show that both in the full sample and in various sub-samples it was possible to identify six sub-dimensions with high discriminant validity and moderate to high reliability, which represent dimensions of Stevenson's theoretical reasoning. We label these Strategic Orientation, Resource Orientation, Management Structure, Reward Philosophy, Growth Orientation and Entrepreneurial Culture. We were further able to show that these dimensions only partly overlap with 'Entrepreneurial Orientation', the hitherto best established empirical instrument for assessing a firm's degree of entrepreneurship. Our instrument should open up opportunities for researchers to further evaluate entrepreneurship in existing firms.\n      </p>", "We used quantitative genetics techniques to compare the entrepreneurial activity of 870 pairs of monozygotic (MZ) and 857 pairs of same-sex dizygotic (DZ) twins from the United Kingdom. We ran model-fitting analyses to estimate the genetic, shared environmental and nonshared environmental effects on the propensity of people to become entrepreneurs. We found relatively high heritabilities for entrepreneurship across different operationalizations of the phenomenon, with little effect of family environment and upbringing. Our findings suggest the importance of considering genetic factors in explanations for why people engage in entrepreneurial activity.\n      </p>", "In modern societies entrepreneurship and innovation are widely seen as key sources of economic growth and welfare increases. Yet entrepreneurial innovation has also meant losses and hardships for some members of society: it is destructive of some stakeholders' wellbeing even as it creates new wellbeing among other stakeholders. Both the positive benefits and negative externalities of innovation are problematic because entrepreneurs initiate new ventures before their private profitability and/or social costs can be fully recognized. In this paper we consider three analytical frameworks within which these issues might be examined: pre-commitments, contractarianism, and an entrepreneurial framework. We conclude that the intersection of stakeholder theory and entrepreneurial innovation is a potentially rich arena for research.\n      </p>", "This paper demonstrates how the various types of corporate entrepreneurship-individual managers, business renewal and Schumpeterian, or industry, leadership-share five `bundles' of attributes. Each type can exist in one firm, though at different times as the common attributes change their role and relative importance. External and internal triggers for change are examined for a sample of 10 firms in 4 European industries. The data suggest a provocative conclusion: troubled firms in hostile environments can shed past behaviors, adopt policies fostering entrepreneurship and accumulate innovative resource bundles that provide a platform on which industry leadership can be built.\n      </p>", "This paper develops a hubris theory of entrepreneurship to explain why so many new ventures are created in the shadow of high venture failure rates: More confident actors are moved to start ventures, and then act on such confidence when deciding how to allocate resources in their ventures. Building on theory and evidence from the behavioral decision-making literature, we describe how founders' socially constructed confidence affects the manner in which they interpret information about their prior and current ventures. We then link founders' propensity to be overconfident to their decisions to allocate, use, and attain resources. In our model, founders with greater socially constructed confidence tend to deprive their ventures of resources and resourcefulness and, therefore, increase the likelihood that their ventures will fail.\n      </p>", "This paper provides an overview of the articles contained in this issue, all of which were presented at a major research conference on nascent entrepreneurship hosted by the Centre for Entrepreneurship, Durham University UK in September 2005. It also sets the papers in their broader research context and identifies some of the achievements made and challenges faced by researchers in this relatively new field.\n      </p>", "This paper examines regional characteristics affecting the latent entrepreneurship in Japan, focusing on regional macroeconomic indicators, existing density of establishments and human capital, and business start-up assistance programs by local governments. We define two types of people having the latent entrepreneurship as follows: (1) persons merely wishing to be a self-employed worker, and (2) persons preparing to be a self-employed worker out of the former definition. Total cash earnings and the unemployment rate, which are the macro economic indicators, had positive effects on latent entrepreneurship in Japan. Judging from the significance of their estimations, the latent entrepreneurship is explained by the \"Push hypothesis\". If we examine the problem more closely, it is necessary for us to identify government assistance programs which make the latent entrepreneurs more self-employment.\n      </p>", "This study adopts a multi-level theoretical framework to examine data from 496 entrepreneurs in Ghana. Seven types of innovation activity are analysed against three categories of variables: the characteristics of the entrepreneur, the internal competencies of the firm, and firm location. Across all respondents, the incidence of incremental innovation was far greater than novel innovation. The extent of innovation was related to the education level of the entrepreneur. Firm size and involvement in exporting were positively related to innovation, but firm growth is less systematically so. Innovation was greater in firms located in conurbations compared to firms located in large and small towns. We conclude with suggestions for policy to promote entrepreneurship and innovation in Ghana.\n      </p>", "Shane and Venkataraman's Discovery, Evaluation and Exploitation entrepreneurship framework ignores issues central to comparative international entrepreneurship (IE) because of unnecessarily under-socialized assumptions regarding entrepreneurial opportunities and the individuals who discover them. To better promote comparative IE research, we develop a Comparative Discovery, Evaluation and Exploitation framework (CDEE), which takes as a starting point that individuals motivated by diverse goals enact market opportunities in a variety of social settings. Building on this characterization, the paper explores how and why processes of opportunity discovery, evaluation and exploitation vary across and within nations, as well as the implications of these differences.\n      </p>", "The Global Entrepreneurship Monitor research program was designed as a comprehensive assessment of the role of entrepreneurship in national economic growth. The conceptual model reflected in a wide range of factors associated with national variations in entrepreneurial activity and the major contextual features. Empirical tests of the many relationships in the model required four major data collection activities: adult population surveys, unstructured interviews with national experts, self-administered questionnaires completed by national experts, and assembly of relevant standardized measures from existing cross-national data sets. Adult population surveys were implemented to identify those entrepreneurially active, which required a set of precise criteria and careful processing to ensure harmonized counts and prevalence rates across 41 countries. Existing evidence on measures of reliability indicates that the measures met contemporary standards and the project was cost-effective.\n      </p>", "This article proposes a cyclical theory of public entrepreneurship that is rooted in contextual conditions. The authors use material presented to the Institute of Public Administration of Canada for the annual innovation award, as well as an extensive literature review, to illustrate a new model for public entrepreneurship, arguing that today's public entrepreneurs are teams and their actions are systemic. Public entrepreneurs do not create new artifacts, nor do they design grandiose projects, but they slowly reinvent their organizations and, in so doing, transform the systems that control government effectiveness and efficiency. The authors generalize and contextualize the idea of public entrepreneurship and structure the emergence of entrepreneurs into a cycle theory. The individual entrepreneur dominates when the organization is new or there is a need for novel activities. As the organization matures and the need for efficiency takes over, dominant individual entrepreneurship disappears, and with time, a new systemic entrepreneurship arises to tackle them.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we review two seemingly unrelated debates. In business ethics, the argument is about values: are they universal or emergent? In entrepreneurship, it is about opportunities - are they discovered or constructed? In reality, these debates are similar as they both overlook contingency. We draw insight from pragmatism to define contingency as possibility without necessity. We analyze real-life narratives and show how entrepreneurship and ethics emerge from our discussion as parallel streams of thought.\n      </p>", "This article is a review of work published in Management Science on the topics of technological innovation, product development, and entrepreneurship since the inception of the journal in 1954. We intend the article to serve two goals. First, we hope that it will be useful to doctoral students and researchers interested in understanding what questions have been addressed in Management Science in the area of innovation. Second, we hope that the article will be useful to sociologists of science who are interested in understanding how knowledge develops in a field. We organize the literature into 12 themes. We then describe some aggregate properties of the articles. In an online supplement, we present brief summaries of the 250 articles we have identified as falling in the domain of our department.\n      </p>", "The aim of this paper is to investigate the potential for entrepreneurship in Japan using the Employment Status Survey, which is the only government-administered survey that includes questions about the desire to become an entrepreneur. We find that there are still a number of potential entrepreneurs in Japan, despite a recent decline in the number of new firms being established. We also find that there is a large regional variation in the distribution of entrepreneurial potential, with clustering into a few regions and the level in Tokyo being exceptional. Further, using panel data on 47 prefectures from 1982 to 1997, we examine the determinants of entrepreneurial potential. The estimation results show that the price-cost margin, market size, market growth and the unemployment rate have positive effects on the potential for entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "A relatively small segment of business, known as social entrepreneurship (SE), is increasingly being acknowledged as an effective source of solutions for a variety of social problems. Because society tends to view \"new\" solutions as \"the\" solution, we are concerned that SE will soon be expected to provide answers to our most pressing social ills. In this paper we call into question the ability of SE, by itself, to provide solutions on a scope necessary to address large-scale social issues. SE cannot reasonably be expected to solve social problems on a large scale for a variety of reasons. The first we label the orga nizational legitimacy argument. This argument leads to our second argument, the isomorphism argument. We also advance three other claims, the moral y political and structural arguments. After making our arguments, we explore ways in which SE, in concert with other social institutions, can effectively address social ills. We also present two examples of successful ventures in which SEs partnered with governments and other institutions.\n      </p>", "Melanesian Bigmanship (a meritocratic, enacted career of political-economic leadership) is recounted as an anthropological metaphor for entrepreneurship. This \"library tale\" has two purposes. The first is a demonstration of conceptual uses of ethnographics for developing grounded theory. Propositions are generated on entrepreneurial orientations and opportunity structures. Opportunities are seen to arise in the creation of linkages between spheres of exchange, or fields in which an object exchanges at different values. Entrepreneurial tactics, such as converting between spheres, call for skills in informal planning, astute use of timing, and networking. These \"tactical\" skills coexist with \"moral\" skills, in persuasiveness, the manipulation of norms, and recognition of culturally specific opportunities. The entrepreneur's acts thus create a dialectic of moral (normatively approved) and tactical (instrumentally enacted) changes. The second purpose is a demonstration of methodological implications of ethnographies. Library tales are helpful in the process of \"constant comparison\" (Glaser and Strauss 1967), by augmenting available, within-site observations with other sources of insight, and of potential disconfirmation of emerging ideas. However, there are limits to the \"translation\" of library tales. There thus arises a need for observations tailored to specific comparative questions. Multiple site case replication research is suggested for tailoring observations to synchronic, comparative uses. Processual, continuous contextual analysis is suggested for diachronic, intensive followups to such questions as the relationships amongst constraints and individual agency.\n      </p>", "One of the biggest barriers for the development of incubators in Europe is the lack entrepreneurship and the underdevelopment of seed financing and business angel networks. While incubation is increasingly being used as a tool for promoting entrepreneurship and start-ups, leading to new policy incentives, the content of the concept is becoming more and more polysemic. Completely different approaches tend to be associated with of an umbrella concept. This paper aims to combine a conceptual analysis with an analysis of economic reality, both in the U.S.A and in Europe. It warns against non-accurate evaluations of the impact of incubators if one does not take into account the different types of incubators. The Paper focuses on the dynamic process of incubatio and concludes by underlining the importance of close links between incubators and business angels networks.\n      </p>", "Studies of career dynamics implicitly claim that government employees are not entrepreneurial. Utilizing longitudinal data from the U.S. Panel Study for Income Dynamics, we investigate the reasons for the low rate of entrepreneurship from the public sector. We conjecture that it is due to labor market matching processes and the bureaucratic nature of public organizations and bureaucratization of individuals. Our life-course analysis identifies labor market matching as a major determinant: nonentrepreneurial types choose public sector employment. We also uncover tenure and context effects, which decrease and increase the hazard rate of entrepreneurial exit, respectively. Whereas the former effect points toward adaptation and internal labor market sorting, the latter draws attention to exits due to frustration.\n      </p>", "At the heart of entrepreneurship are imagination, creativity, novelty, and sensitivity. It takes these qualities to develop a new product or service and bring it to market, to envision the possible impacts a new product may make and come up with novel and creative solutions to problems that may arise. These qualities go to make up what could be called the spirit of entrepreneurship, a spirit that involves the ability to handle the experimental nature of entrepreunerial activity. These same qualities are crucial for moral decision making, and an ethical approach which emphasizes imagination, creativity, and has an experimental thrust is much better adapted to the entrepreneurial activity and much more relevant to the unique situations that entrepreneurs face. In this sense, the process approach to ethics developed in this article is a unifying framework that brings together the activity of entrepreneurship and moral decision making.\n      </p>", "Hurst and Lusardi (2004) use a specification with higher-order polynomials to estimate the relationship between wealth and entrepreneurship. They find evidence against the existence of extensive liquidity constraints in the United States. In this paper, their approach is replicated on Swedish data. A positive relationship between wealth and entrepreneurship is found, which supports the liquidity constraints hypothesis. Alternative methods for handling the endogeneity problem and distinguishing between absolute decreasing risk aversion and liquidity constraints lend further support to the hypothesis. The analysis suggests that there exist liquidity constraints in Sweden, which are possibly more extensive than in the United States.\n      </p>", "The objective of the research was to discover the chief determinants of entrepreneurship, the process by which organizations renew themselves and their markets by pioneering, innovation, and risk taking. Some authors have argued that personality factors of the leader are what determine entrepreneurship, others have highlighted the role played by the structure of the organization, while a final group have pointed to the importance of strategy making. We believed that the manner and extent to which entrepreneurship would be influenced by all of these factors would in large measure depend upon the nature of the organization. Based upon the work of a number of authors we derived a crude typology of firms: Simple firms are small and their power is centralized at the top. Planning firms are bigger, their goal being smooth and efficient operation through the use of formal controls and plans. Organic firms strive to be adaptive to their environments, emphasizing expertise-based power and open communications. The predictiveness of the typology was established upon a sample of 52 firms using hypothesis-testing and analysis of variance techniques. We conjectured that in Simple firms entrepreneurship would be determined by the characteristics of the leader; in Planning firms it would be facilitated by explicit and well integrated product-market strategies, and in Organic firms it would be a function of environment and structure. These hypotheses were largely borne out by correlational and multiple regression analyses. Any programs which aim to stimulate entrepreneurship would benefit greatly from tailoring recommendations to the nature of the target firms.\n      </p>", "This article uses inequality decomposition techniques in order to analyze the consequences of entrepreneurial activities to household income inequality in southern Ethiopia. A uniform increase in entrepreneurial income reduces per capita household income inequality. This implies that encouraging rural entrepreneurship may be favorable for both income growth and income distribution. Such policies could be particularly successful if directed at the low-income, low-wealth, and relatively uneducated segments of the society.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we compare two datasets designed to measure entrepreneurship: The Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) dataset and the World Bank Group Entrepreneurship Survey (WBGES) dataset. We find a number of important differences when the data are compared. First, GEM data tend to report significantly higher levels of early stage entrepreneurship in developing economies than do the World Bank business entry data, while the World Bank business entry data tend to be higher than GEM data for developed countries. Second, we find that the magnitude of the difference between the datasets across countries is related to the local institutional and environmental conditions for entrepreneurs, after controlling for levels of economic development. Our findings suggest that entrepreneurs in developed countries have greater ease and incentives to incorporate, both for the benefits of greater access to formal financing and labor contracts, as well as for tax and other purposes not directly related to business activities.\n      </p>", "Studies on the impact of technological innovation on growth have been largely mute on the role of new firm formation. Using cross-sectional data on the 37 countries participating in GEM 2002, this paper uses an augmented Cobb-Douglas production to explore firm formation and technological innovation as separate determinants of growth. One area of interest is the contrast between different types of entrepreneurial activities as measured using GEM Total Entrepreneurial Activity (TEA) rates - high growth potential TEA, necessity TEA, opportunity TEA and overall TEA. Of the four types of entrepreneurship, only high growth potential entrepreneurship is found to have a significant impact on economic growth. This finding is consistent with extant findings in the literature that it is fast growing new firms, not new firms in general, that accounted for most of the new job creation by small and medium enterprises in advanced countries.\n      </p>", "This paper defines initiative as a key manifestation of corporate entrepreneurship, and examines the types of initiative exhibited in a sample of six subsidiaries of multinational corporations. From a detailed analysis of 39 separate initiatives, four distinct types are identified, which we refer to as 'global,' 'local,' 'internal' and 'global-internal hybrid,' to correspond to the locus of the market opportunity whence each arose. Two important conclusions are indicated. First, entrepreneurship at the subsidiary level has the potential to enhance local responsiveness, worldwide learning and global integration, a much broader role than previously envisioned. Second, the use of contextual mechanisms to create differentiated subsidiary roles has its limitations because each initiative type is facilitated in different ways.\n      </p>", "This paper is an introduction to the special issue from the 3rd Global Entrepreneurship Monitor Research Conference held in Washington, D.C., in 2008. The paper has three objectives. First, to discuss the importance of the three stages of economic development, the factor-driven stage, the efficiency-driven stage and the innovation-driven stage. Second, to examine the empirical evidence on the relationship between stages of economic development and entrepreneurship. Third, to present a summary of the papers in the context of the theory.\n      </p>", "Several studies have shown the existence of significant differences in the rate of new business creation between men and women. Specifically, it has been shown that women are much less likely to be involved in entrepreneurship than men worldwide. It is not yet understood, however, if such differences are the result of personal characteristics of the individual and of her economic environment or are, instead, the result of universal and, perhaps, evolutionary phenomena. Our empirical analysis is conducted using representative samples of population for 37 countries and a special form of bootstrapping that allows us to equalize individuals' conditions and, as a result, analyze the choices of men and women put in identical economic environments and socio-economic circumstances.\n      </p>", "The International Award for Entrepreneurship and Small Business Research was introduced in 1996, and it is now firmly established as the most prestigious award for outstanding research contributions in this subject area. Thanks to a generous donation from the Swedish entrepreneur Rune Andersson, it has been possible to make a number of changes aimed at strengthening global recognition of the Prize even further: the name is being changed to the Global Award for Entrepreneurship Research, the financial side to the Prize is being roughly doubled to 100,000 euros, and the system for nomination, evaluation, and selection of future Award Winners is becoming more structured and transparent. We present here the background to and the organization(s) behind the Award, briefly categorize the winners in the 1996-2008 period, describe the present and the future system for nomination, evaluation, and selection of Award Winners, and discuss the criteria for the selection of Prize candidates and Award-winning contributions.\n      </p>", "The field of entrepreneurship spans a wide variety of topic areas, and among the most important is that of the small and medium-sized enterprise (SME). The aim of this paper is to link entrepreneurship and SMEs. Attempting to generalize the outcomes of entrepreneurship in small organizations from different sectors, countries or industries should be activities that are part of daily life on an international scale. In extracting and transferring the outcomes of this research into entrepreneurship and SMEs, policy makers should see an aspect that must be consolidated within the environment of international globalization that surrounds us. It should not be forgotten that what starts out as small (i.e. an SME) can become large over time and this entrepreneurship can form a part of a new organizational structure. A brief overview of the contents of each of the articles included in this special issue on the globalization of entrepreneurship in small organizations is also presented herein.\n      </p>", "There are many images of entrepreneurship which all pay attention to the importance of social capital. Nevertheless, these understandings of entrepreneurship do not tell us about the capabilities and social ingenuity that people hit by a natural or man-made catastrophe may evoke. We have studied how the effects of the hurricane Gudrun, which hit southern Sweden in January 2005, were dealt with by civic and formal, private as well as public, organizations. The lessons from our rich case accounts are reflected upon in the perspective of ephemeral organizing and used to craft our notion of 'emergency entrepreneurship'. Its proposed features include coping with rupture in everyday life by the acknowledgement of local knowledge and leadership and the use of bridging as well as bonding social capital facilitating immediate (inter)action and swift trust. This appears as a spontaneous collective effort, 'social bricolage', which means combining and locally\u2014in time as well as in space\u2014integrating chunks of everyday routines according to the events and associated needs that the drama produces.\n      </p>", "This paper extends entrepreneurship into the domain of alliances, and investigates the effect of alliance proactiveness on market-based firm performance (defined in terms of sales growth, market share, market development and product development). Alliance proactiveness is defined as the extent to which an organization engages in identifying and responding to partnering opportunities. The effect of alliance proactiveness on performance is tested within a contingency framework, with size and perceived environmental uncertainty as moderators, and using data from 182 firms. We estimated the model using partial least squares. Results indicate that alliance proactiveness leads to superior market-based performance, and that this effect is stronger for small firms and in unstable market environments.\n      </p>", "Scott A. Shane is the 2009 winner of the Global Award for Entrepreneurship Research. In this article we discuss and analyze Shane's most important contributions to the field of entrepreneurship. His contribution is extraordinarily broad in scope, which makes it difficult to pinpoint one or a few specifics that we associate with Shane's scholarship. Instead, they can be summarized in the following three points. First, he has influenced what we view as central aspects of entrepreneurship. Shane has been a leading figure in redirecting the focus on entrepreneurship research itself. Second, he has influenced how we view entrepreneurship. Shane's research is arguably theory driven and it applies and develops theoretical lenses that greatly improve our understanding of entrepreneurship. Third, he has contributed to how we conduct entrepreneurship research. Shane has been a forerunner in examining relevant units of analysis that are difficult to sample; research designs and databases specifically designed for studying entrepreneurial processes; and sophisticated analytical methods. This has contributed to advancing the methodological rigor of the field. Summing them up, the contributions are very impressive indeed.\n      </p>", "Contemporary theories of entrepreneurship generally focus on the recognition of opportunities and the decision to exploit them. Although the entrepreneurship literature treats opportunities as exogenous, the prevailing theory of economic growth suggests they are endogenous. This paper advances the microeconomic foundations of endogenous growth theory by developing a knowledge spillover theory of entrepreneurship. Knowledge created endogenously results in knowledge spillovers, which allow entrepreneurs to identify and exploit opportunities.\n      </p>", "Entrepreneurship is one of the least understood topics in economics. The rising significance of small companies and especially of start-ups for the creation of new jobs has been an intensively discussed subject for nearly one decade. But there is still no theory of entrepreneurship. First this paper reviews the role of the entrepreneur in the history of economic thought and concludes that there is no agreed upon definition of what an entrepreneur does or is. The unsolved problem is the non-rational human behavior. Schumpeter and Kirzner have developed economic models of the role of the non-maximizing entrepreneur in the pricemechanism. But they did not develop a theory of entrepreneurship. In the second part of the paper entrepreneurship is understood as the pursuit of opportunites without regard to resources currently controlled (Stevenson, Roberts, and Grousbeck). Based on that definition the contributions of economic decision theory, sociological system theory, psychoanalytical research and behavioral studies are reviewed and an interdisciplinary approach to the development of an entrepreneurship theory is proposed.\n      </p>", "This study examines change initiated from the center of mature organizational fields. As such, it addresses the paradox of embedded agency--that is, the paradox of how actors enact changes to the context by which they, as actors, are shaped. The change examined is the introduction of a new organizational form. Combining network location theory and dialectical theory, we identify four dynamics that form a process model of elite institutional entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "A review of an outstanding recent book provides an opportunity to reflect on the achievements of the theory of entrepreneurship, and also to identify unresolved issues. It is argued that the nature of 'opportunity', and the cognitive basis of opportunity recognition, should be a prominent feature of future research.\n      </p>", "How do entrepreneurs experience entrepreneurship, and what are the implications? The cognitive and emotional experiences of the entrepreneur as he/she performs the tasks associated with venture creation and high growth have received limited attention from researchers. The entrepreneurial context can be characterized in terms of peaks and valleys, or periods of relatively high pressure, stress, uncertainty, and ambiguity and periods of relative stability and predictability. Three inter-related psychological variables are investigated to determine their applicability in an entrepreneurial context: peak performance, peak experience, and flow. Results are reported of a series of in-depth, structured interviews conducted with two samples of entrepreneurs. Both qualitative and quantitative evidence is provided of the relevance of all three variables to entrepreneurs, with the highest scores for each variable demonstrated by entrepreneurs in high growth ventures. A number of implications are drawn for ongoing research and entrepreneurial practice, most notably in the area of entrepreneurial motivation. The findings suggest that entrepreneurship be approached as a vehicle for optimal human experiencing.\n      </p>", "Research that examines the intersections of race, gender, and class in the labor market often points to the fact that African American women are concentrated in the lowest sectors of the labor market, performing the least desirable jobs. Discrimination, the dislocation of work, and even cultural deficiency have all been posited as explanations for Black women's disproportionate concentration in low-wage work. Rather than adding to the voluminous literature that addresses the structural causes for Black women's overrepresentation in this sector of the labor market, this study explores the viability of entrepreneurship as a route to economic stability for workingclass Black women. Accepting the reality that working-class Black women are heavily represented among low-wage workers, this study draws from interviews with Black women salon owners to determine whether this form of entrepreneurship functions as a feasible alternative to low-wage labor.\n      </p>", "A growing body of literature suggests that variations across countries, in entrepreneurial activity and the spatial structure of economies could potentially be the source of different efficiencies in knowledge spillovers, and ultimately in economic growth. We develop an empirical model that endogenizes both entrepreneurial activity and agglomeration effects on knowledge spillovers within a Romerian framework. The model is tested using the GEM cross-national data to measure the level of entrepreneurship in each particular economy. We find that after controlling for the stock of knowledge and research and development expenditures, both entrepreneurial activity and agglomeration have a positive and statistically significant effect on technological change in the European Union.\n      </p>", "Unstable government, an undeveloped legal system, overregulation, a virtually unfathomable business taxation system, a pervasive mafia, and an inadequate business infrastructure characterize the maze that Russian entrepreneurs must navigate in their attempts to create successful ventures. To better understand their attitudes and decisions in this hostile environment, we propose a framework for analyzing Russian entrepreneurship during the country's transition to a market-oriented economy. The framework draws upon the entrepreneurship and strategy literatures, and is illustrated primarily by the experiences of five entrepreneurial ventures we studied throughout the decade of the 1990s. Actions, based on the framework, are suggested for Russian entrepreneurs as well as Western executives who might do business with them, as ways of strengthening Russian entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "Using a study of the relationship between bureaucratic work environments and individual rates of entrepreneurship, I revisit a fundamental premise of sociological approaches to entrepreneurship, namely, that the social context shapes the likelihood of entrepreneurial activity, above and beyond any effects of individual characteristics. Establishing such contextual effects empirically is complicated by the possibility that unobserved individual traits influence both the contexts in which people are observed and their likelihood of becoming entrepreneurs. This paper presents the first systematic study of the effects of bureaucracy on entrepreneurship that accounts for such unobserved sorting processes. Analyses of data on labor market attachments and transitions to entrepreneurship in Denmark between 1990 and 1997 show that people who work for large and old firms are less likely to become entrepreneurs, net of a host of observable individual characteristics. Moreover, there is strong evidence to suggest that this negative effect of bureaucracy does not spuriously reflect self-selection by nascent entrepreneurs into different types of firms. An important implication of this finding is that the structure of organizational populations affects the supply of nascent entrepreneurs, as well as the availability of entrepreneurial opportunities.\n      </p>", "In the current global corporate climate that surrounds us, firms would do well to encourage the talent and creativity of their employees to achieve success. This is achieved, not by giving priority to individual talent, but by optimizing the collective as a whole and with the firm's activities based on teamwork and joint effort. Heads of organizations might benefit from creating a favorable context for the birth and growth of collective internal cooperation, which is understood to be the collective ability to create and innovate on the part of the team, the firm or the organization. Having contrasted our hypotheses through research on Spanish firms, we have concluded that job satisfaction and commitment to the team are factors that have a direct and positive effect on Internal Entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "Entrepreneurship involves identifying and exploiting entrepreneurial opportunities. However, to create the most value entrepreneurial firms also need to act strategically. This calls for an integration of entrepreneurial and strategic thinking. We explore this strategic entrepreneurship in several important organizational domains to include external networks and alliances, resources and organizational learning, innovation and internationalization. The research in this special issue examines both traditional (e.g., contingency theory, strategic fit) and new theory (e.g., cultural entrepreneurship, business model drivers). The research also integrates, extends, and tests theory and research from entrepreneurship and strategic management in new ways such as creative destruction (discontinuities), resource-based view, organizational learning, network theory, transaction costs and institutional theory. The research presented herein provides a basis for future research on strategic entrepreneurship for wealth creation.\n      </p>", "The intellectual breakthrough contributed by the new growth theory was the recognition that investments in knowledge and human capital endogenously generate economic growth through the spillover of knowledge. However, endogenous growth theory does not explain how or why spillovers occur. This paper presents a model that shows how growth depends on knowledge accumulation and its diffusion through both incumbents and entrepreneurial activities. We claim that entrepreneurs are one missing link in converting knowledge into economically relevant knowledge. Implementing different regression techniques for the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries during 1981 to 2002 provides surprisingly robust evidence that primarily entrepreneurs contributed to growth and that the importance of entrepreneurs increased in the 1990s. A Granger test confirms that causality goes in the direction from entrepreneurs to growth. The results indicate that policies facilitating entrepreneurship are an important tool to enhance knowledge diffusion and promote economic growth.\n      </p>", "The resource constraint version of the disadvantage theory of entrepreneurship holds that members of destitute ethnic groups often respond to labor market exclusion by becoming \"survivalist entrepreneurs,\" that is, persons who start marginal businesses in response to a need to become self-employed. Applying this theory, I analyze survivalist entrepreneurship among Black women in the urban North during the Great Depression, when many Black women had to find an independent means of livelihood. I hypothesize that (1) the participation of Black women in entrepreneurial occupations, i.e., occupations that lend themselves to self-employment, was positively associated with the disadvantage of these women in the labor market and (2) Black women would be inclined to participate in those entrepreneurial occupations with low barriers to entry, namely, boarding and lodging house keeping and hairdressing and beauty culture. These occupations, according to a review of historical studies, provided northern Black women with their best opportunities for survivalist entrepreneurship. The analyses of census data support my hypotheses and suggest that the resource constraint version of the disadvantage theory of entrepreneurship is relevant to the economic adjustment strategies of northern Black women during the nation's worst employment crisis.\n      </p>", "This paper provides new evidence on the determinants of entrepreneurship across countries. The paper investigates the relationship between the institutional setting, in terms of economic freedom, and entrepreneurship, measured by self-employment, in a panel data setting covering 23 OECD countries for the period 1972\u20132002. The measure of economic freedom includes five aspects: size of government, legal structure and security of property rights, access to sound money, freedom to trade internationally, and the regulation of credit, labour and business. The empirical findings show that a smaller government sector, better legal structure and security of property rights, as well as less regulation of credit, labour and business tend to increase entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "In the 1980s stagflation and high unemployment caused a renewed interest in supply side economics and in factors determining economic growth. Simultaneously, the 1980s and 1990s have seen a reevaluation of the role of small firms and a renewed attention for entrepreneurship. The goal of this survey is to synthesize disparate strands of literature to link entrepreneurship to economic growth. This will be done by investigating the relationship between entrepreneurship and economic growth using elements of various fields: historical views on entrepreneurship, macro-economic growth theory, industrial economics (Porter's competitive advantage of nations), evolutionary economics, history of economic growth (rise and fall of nations) and the management literature on large corporate organizations. Understanding the role of entrepreneurship in the process of economic growth requires the decomposition of the concept of entrepreneurship. A first part of our synthesis is to contribute to the understanding of the dimensions involved, while paying attention to the level of analysis (individual, firm and aggregate level). A second part is to gain insight in the causal links between these entrepreneurial dimensions and economic growth. A third part is to make suggestions for future empirical research into the relationship between (dimensions of) entrepreneurship and economic growth.\n      </p>", "Knowledge is recognized as an important ingredient for economic growth in addition to physical capital and labor. While transforming knowledge into products and processes it is exploited commercially. Nevertheless, the existing knowledge stock and the absorptive capacity of actors like employees at firms and researchers at universities and research institutions are conditional for the ability to produce, identify, and exploit knowledge. Since incumbent firms do not exploit new knowledge to the full extent, realized entrepreneurial opportunities may arise. This paper tests the hypothesis whether or not entrepreneurship is an important vehicle for knowledge flows and economic growth. The empirical results indicate that an increase in innovative start-up activity is more effective than an increase in general entrepreneurship for economic growth.\n      </p>", "This paper is an introduction to the second Global Entrepreneurship Research Conference. The conference focused on developing a better understanding of the relationships among entrepreneurship, economic growth and public policy, and variations according to the stage of economic development. The papers in this special issue conduct analysis with GEM micro-and-macro data, and offer several important policy recommendations. First, middle-income countries should focus on increasing human capital, upgrading technology availability and promoting enterprise development. It is important to start enterprise development policies early because the main drivers are perceptual variables that are difficult to change in the short run. Second, for developed economies, reducing entry regulations, in most cases, will not result in more high-potential startups. Both labor market reform and deregulation of financial markets may be needed to support growth of high-performance ventures.\n      </p>", "Two approaches can be distinguished with respect to modelling entrepreneurship: (i) the approach focusing on the net development of the number of entrepreneurs in an equilibrium framework and (ii) the approach focusing on the entries and exits of entrepreneurs. In this paper we unify these approaches to arrive at a model explaining the equilibrium and actual number of entrepreneurs and the entry and exit rate of entrepreneurs simultaneously and consistently. We apply our unified approach to the Netherlands using self- employment data for the 1960-1999 period. We find error- correction of about 20% per year and a very different situation in terms of disequilibrium before and after the early 1980s. Periods of high unemployment appear to be characterized by both high entry and high exit rates.\n      </p>", "This paper develops and tests hypotheses concerning the effect of migrant status and ethnicity on propensity to engage in entrepreneurship (defined as new business activity) at the individual level in the UK. The hypotheses are tested using bivariate analysis (Pearson tests of independence) and multivariate analysis (binary logistic regression). Bivariate analysis suggests that new business activity varies with migrant status and ethnicity. Multivariate analysis suggests that migration increases the odds of engaging in new business activity, that the independent effect of ethnicity is marginal, and that being a recent ethnic minority migrant decreases the odds, after controlling for other individual level factors. At the regional level, a preliminary analysis suggests that gross migration flow has a higher correlation with new business activity than other commonly used regional demographic or economic development measures.\n      </p>", "This article takes the concept of \"making it\" in America as the central thrust behind immigrant entrepreneurship. The social values behind \"making it\" are dissected, and closely linked to the capitalist ethic of utilitarianism. Immigrant entrepreneurs are found to play the part of both oppressed and oppressors. They are tools of large corporations, their hard work used by the corporations to make money. On the other hand, the immigrants also oppress others, including workers of their own ethnic group, family members, and the American underclass. The dual oppressed-oppressor role makes the immigrants useful middlemen, as they oppress those beneath them for the benefit of those above. The article ends on a note of hope that seeing these relations clearly will enable people to break out of them.\n      </p>", "Developing countries have recently experienced a burgeoning of small-scale individual entrepreneurs (SIEs) \u2013 who range from petty traders to personal service workers like small street vendors, barbers and owners of small shops \u2013 as a result of market-based reforms, rapid urbanisation, unemployment, landlessness and poverty. While SIEs form a major part of the informal workforce in developing countries and contribute significantly to economic growth, their potential is being undermined when they engage in irresponsible and deceptive business practices such as overpricing, sale of underweight or substandard products, or attempts to hoard goods, to name a few. Despite the growing interest in corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives of small businesses in developing countries, the SIEs have received almost no attention. To address this void in the literature, we explore the reasons for the less than optimal level of social responsibility demonstrated by some SIEs in developing countries. We do so by drawing upon the existing literature to develop a comprehensive framework of social responsibility of SIEs highlighting their unique characteristics and the different contextual factors that they encounter in developing countries. Based on this framework, we then present a set of propositions specifying the influence of these contextual factors such as business environment, cultural traditions, socio-economic conditions, and both international and domestic pressures on the business practices of SIEs. The framework offers an explanation for the lack of responsible entrepreneurship of SIEs and has important implications for promoting sustainable business practices in developing countries where businesses are striving hard to survive and compete.\n      </p>", "The entrepreneurial capacity in an economy is a key determinant of economic growth and productivity improvements. This paper uses survey data from the 15 EU Member States and the US to investigate two aspects of entrepreneurial capacity: latent and actual entrepreneurship. Latent entrepreneurship is measured by the probability of a declared preference for self-employment over employment. Other than demographic variables such as gender, age and education level, the set of explanatory variables used includes country specific effects, the perception by respondents of administrative complexities and of availability of financial support and a rough measure of risk tolerance. The most striking result is the lack of explanatory power of the perception of lack of available financial support in the latent entrepreneurship equation.\n      </p>", "We examine the relationship, across 39 countries, between regulation and entrepreneurship using a new two-equation model. We find the minimum capital requirement required to start a business lowers entrepreneurship rates across countries, as do labour market regulations. However the administrative considerations of starting a business - such as the time, the cost, or the number of procedures required - are unrelated to the formation rate of either nascent or young businesses. Given the explicit link made by Djankov et al. [Djankov et al. 2002, The Regulation of Entry', \"Quarterly Journal of Economics\" 117(1), 1-37] between the speed and ease with which businesses may be established in a country and its economic performance - and the enthusiasm with which this link has been grasped by European Union policy makers - our findings imply this link needs reconsidering.\n      </p>", "Despite the recent increase in interest in corporate social responsibility and the propagation of corporate governance in both business and academic literature, from observations of actual practice, the author has seen at all company levels, in everyday operations, instances of non-ethical behaviour vis-\u00e0-vis the whole gamut of stakeholders. This state of affairs is linked with: pressure from stakeholders, short-term tactics, hegemony of financial considerations, 'juridisation' of business, the tyranny of communications and the media and the difficulties in translating strategy into practical implementation. The paper scrutinises the motivation and the psychology of entrepreneurs and business people, and their behaviour is compared to other professional groups and confronted with the decline in ethics in society as described by some important observers. The conclusion drawn is that the recent positive evolutions do not provide sufficient ethical guidelines for the day-to-day activities of middle managers and entrepreneurs in the present competitive environment. Managers will always be confronted by difficult choices with ethical dilemmas. There will always be a tension between theory and pragmatism, but progress can be made with the effective implementation of the ethical discourse in companies. To achieve this, ethical management should not be confined to the large strategic issues but also applied to the small practical matters of everyday business life. Ethics in business and entrepreneurship requires more than corporate governance and corporate social responsibility (CSR).\n      </p>", "As the 21st century unfolds, entrepreneurial actions are viewed as critical pathways to competitive advantage and improved performance. One company in the healthcare management field, Acordia, Inc., developed and prospered through its strategic entrepreneurial vision. In the words of Acordia's CEO, Frank C. Witthun: \"2000 was another landmark year for Acordia, with important acquisitions, innovative new products, and the foresight of sound, strategic planning fueling our impressive growth. It is our expert vision that has brought us to this point: a vision of what a brokerage firm can and should be in the new millennium, and our expertise in delivering innovative products and services to our clients in a way that not only exceeds their expectations, but fundamentally changes them.\" Starting in 1986, entrepreneurial actions were instrumental to how Acordia has conducted business over the last 15 or so years. We use insights from the academic literature and business press as the framework for the story of how one company was able to use entrepreneurial actions as the foundation for its successful corporate entrepreneurship strategy.\n      </p>", "Based on GEM data this paper explores whether significantly different growth aspirations of early stage entrepreneurs in Slovenia, compared to those in Hungary and Croatia, are also accompanied by significantly different opportunity recognition, cultural support for entrepreneurship and self-efficacy. Our results suggest that a higher degree of alertness to unexploited perceived opportunities, and cultural support for entrepreneurial motivation may be the cause of higher growth aspirations of Slovenian early stage entrepreneurs, while self-efficacy with regard to entrepreneurial skills, knowledge and experience was not found to be crucial.\n      </p>", "Using a large sample of individuals in 28 countries, we investigate what variables are significantly correlated with an individual's decision to become an entrepreneur. Following existing literature in economics, we link such a decision to demographic and economic characteristics. In addition, we argue that perceptual variables such as alertness to opportunities, fear of failure, and confidence about one's own skills are also important. Our results suggest that perceptual variables are significantly correlated with new business creation across all countries in our sample and across gender. Although our data do not allow the identification of causal relationships, our findings suggest that, when making decisions, nascent entrepreneurs rely significantly on subjective and often biased perceptions rather than on objective expectations of success. Thus, perceptual variables should be included in economic models of entrepreneurial behavior.\n      </p>", "This article develops a concept of an alignment between market and entrepreneurship orientations and reports the results of a study designed to investigate its effect on a firm's product innovation. A sample of 181 firms was classified into four categories labeled as market/entrepreneurship orientation (ME), entrepreneurship orientation (EO), market-oriented (MO), and conservative (CO) firms. One-way ANOVA and planned contrast tests (PCT) were used to identify whether or not specific product innovation decisions, activities, and performance vary across the groups. The results indicate that these groups of firms significantly differ with respect to both subjective and objective measures of new product performance, and with product innovation strategies and activities pertaining to timing of market entry, product quality, marketing synergy, proficiency of market launch, and management support for innovation. Further, the findings suggest that these groups of firms are not significantly different with respect to perceived environmental hostility and intensity of market competition. This finding suggests that the groups of firms are robust across environments and that the findings presented in this study are not an artifact of environmental variation. Managerial and research implications of the results are discussed.\n      </p>", "Despite the ubiquity of business planning education in entrepreneurship, there is little evidence that planning leads to success. Following a discussion o\u0142 the theoretical and historical underpinnings, three pedagogical models are compared, including two alternative experiential methods: simulations and the contingency approach. The contingency model, as introduced, utilizes Piage\u0165s concept or equilibration, and is asserted to provide both cognitive tools and flexibility in accommodating unanticipated environmental factors faced by future entrepreneurs.\n      </p>", "Corporate entrepreneurs - described in the academic literature as those managers or employees who do not follow the status quo of their co-workers - are depicted as visionaries who dream of taking the company in new directions. As a result, though, in overcoming internal obstacles to reaching their professional goals they can often walk a fine line between clever resourcefulness and outright rule breaking. A framework is presented as a guideline for middle managers and organizations seeking to impede unethical behaviors in the pursuit of entrepreneurial activity. This paper examines the barriers middle managers face in trying to be entrepreneurial in less supportive environments, the ethical consequences that can result, and a suggested assessment and training program for averting such dilemmas. We advise companies that embrace corporate entrepreneurship: (1) establish the needed flexibility, innovation, and employee initiative and risk-taking; (2) remove the barriers that the entrepreneurial middle manager may face to more closely align personal and organizational initiatives and reduce the need to behave unethically; and (3) include an ethical component to corporate training which will provide guidelines for instituting compliance and values components into the state-of-the-art corporate entrepreneurship programs.\n      </p>", "Paul Davidson Reynolds is the 2004 winner of the International Award for Entrepreneurship and Small Business Research. In this article Professor Reynolds' contributions are summarized in terms of four sets of triplets. The first is as innovator, coordinator and disseminator of novel and important empirical research studies. The second triplet concerns the main areas of his contributions: regional variations in entrepreneurial activity, nascent entrepreneurship and firms in gestation and international comparisons of the prevalence of entrepreneurial activity. The third set of triplets concerns what aspects of the research process he has contributed to: development of new empirical methods to research entrepreneurship; coining of new concepts that now permeate this field of research, and provision of important empirical results. The final set of triplets concerns the audiences to which Reynolds' research appeal: researchers, policy-makers and business practitioners. It is concluded that although his contributions are many and of different kinds, the single most important one is that his research has made it increasingly unreasonable to theorize and design research as if the economy essentially consisted of a relatively stable core of large, established firms and entry and exit of new firms were relatively infrequent, marginal and insignificant.\n      </p>", "This paper reports the results of a study designed to investigate entrepreneurship and `fit' in small and medium sized high technology manufacturing firms. A normative model of fit has been developed, which including the variables of entrepreneurial style, organizational structure, and mission strategy, determines a measure of the firm's fit with its environment. The normative model of fit proposed here is based on variables and relationships found to be important in previous empirical studies. Data on environmental turbulence, entrepreneurial style, organization structure, mission strategy, and financial performance were collected from 82 manufacturing firms. A measure of fit was calculated for each firm. Findings indicate that performance among firms was positively related to the measurement of fit. In short, fit is an important construct for firm success. Implications include prescriptive guidance to assist practitioners in diagnosing and correcting `misfit' for individual firms.\n      </p>", "This paper is a response to Ray's (2004) recent proposal that the intellectual property rights (IPR) attached to potentially life saving/life sustaining innovations should become public goods in cases where markets are either unable or unwilling to pay for the creation of the intellectual property. Using a free market approach to innovation based on Western moral philosophy, we suggest that treating intellectually protected life saving/life sustaining innovations as public goods will likely reduce social welfare over the long term.\n      </p>", "This study examines how cities help social entrepreneurship-the activity of private individuals and organizations taking initiative to address social challenges in their communities. Based on a national survey and in-depth interviews among jurisdictions with populations over 50,000, the authors find that municipalities help social entrepreneurs by increasing awareness of social problems, and by helping them to acquire resources, coordinate with other organizations, and implement programs. Nearly three-quarters of cities provide active or moderate support, which is positively associated with the perceived effectiveness of nonprofit organizations in their communities.\n      </p>", "Adam Smith argued in The Wealth of Nations and The Theory of Moral Sentiments that in order to create an effective and productive capitalist system, individuals must pursue interests of both the self and society. Despite this assertion, modern economic theory has become tightly focused on the pursuit of economic self-interests at the expense of other, higher order motives. This paper will argue that the tendency to employ such an egocentric strategy often generates externalities and inequalities that serve to detract from the greater welfare of society. However, by tempering these economic self-interests with non-economically motivated considerations, this paper will suggest that individuals may create tremendous benefits to society, precisely as Smith outlined more than two centuries ago. In defense of this assertion, this paper will review an array of theoretical arguments and empirical findings that suggest that today's entrepreneurs are not only seeking to satisfy both selfish and ethical motivations, but in so doing they are also contributing substantially to the overall welfare of society through job creation, wealth redistribution, and a lack of discrimination. As such, it appears that spirit and impact of the capitalist system that Smith envisioned is being realized through entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates links between social capital and symbolic capital and responsible entrepreneurship in the context of small and medium enterprises (SMEs). The source of the primary data was 144 'Business Profiles', written by the owner-managers of small businesses in application for a Small Business Awards competition in 2005. Included in each of these narratives were claims relating to the firms' contributions to wider society, relationships with customers, employees and stakeholders. These narratives were coded and classified in a framework drawn from Nahapiet and Ghoshal's (1998, Academy of Management Review 23(2), 242-266) categorisation of social capital. The analysis revealed a range of strategic orientations towards the development of social and symbolic capital, along a conceptual continuum ranging from being responsible for oneself to being responsible for others. Overall, the evidence demonstrates the significance of the power inherent in the social relations of SMEs as a force for ethical behaviour, and suggests that normative theories of the development of social capital may provide 'competitive advantage' through responsible behaviour for small business in the global economy.\n      </p>", "This paper employs data from the German Socioeconomic Panel (SOEP) and data from the German Social Insurance Statistics to study nascent entrepreneurship. In particular, micro data from the SOEP characterizing employees and nascent entrepreneurs is combined with data characterizing the entrepreneurial environment. The principal findings suggest that individuals are embedded in their local entrepreneurial environment which influences an individual especially at the beginning of the decision process about whether to become selfemployed. Work and previous self-employment experience is more important than formal education for the likelihood of being a nascent entrepreneur. Furthermore, social capital is an important stimulus for nascent entrepreneurs. Finally, the results indicate that financial assets are less important for nascent entrepreneurs.\n      </p>", "During the past twenty years, there has been an explosion of new interest in entrepreneurs and their activities. Yet only recently has serious research attention been devoted to the ethical problems encountered by entrepreneurs and their organizations. Entrepreneurs face uniquely complex moral problems related to basic fairness, personnel and customer relationships, distribution dilemmas, and other challenges. This essay surveys contemporary research in entrepreneurial ethics, examines the kinds of ethical dilemmas entrepreneurs confront, identifies major research topics and methodological approaches, and discusses possible directions for future research.\n      </p>", "This article discusses the questions and issues that prompted the founding of the Diana Project, a multi-university research program aimed at identifying factors that support and enable high growth in women-led ventures. Despite the fact that women business owners comprise a significant portion of the economy, women face challenges in acquiring the resources needed to expand their businesses. This article details both the myths and realities associated with women's entrepreneurship in their quest for growth. In particular, we examine the strategies that women entrepreneurs use to position their firms for growth, especially those strategies related to growth capital. Our results show that women seeking venture capital (VC) have degrees, graduate degrees, and experience that should not preclude them from obtaining financing. We also found that even though women-led businesses are frequently clustered in industries less attractive to financiers, women seeking equity funding are in the appropriate industries. Further, women spend a considerable amount of time using both formal and informal networks in their search for capital and in seeking capital. Because of the importance of the VC industry as a provider of growth capital and its reliance on its network for investment referrals, we also examined the participation and role of women as decision-makers in industry. Women's participation in the VC industry has not kept pace with industry growth, and women have exited the industry at a faster rate than men, thus creating a significant barrier for women entrepreneurs in that it is less likely that their networks will overlap with the financial supplier networks, despite any effort they may expend networking and seeking capital.\n      </p>", "This paper discusses how adoption of the social dimensions of the marketing concept may unintentionally restrict innovation and corporate entrepreneurship, ultimately reducing social welfare. The impact of social marketing on innovation and entrepreneurship is discussed using the case of multinational pharmaceutical firms that are under pressure when marketing HIV treatments in poor countries. The argument this paper supports is that social welfare may eventually be diminished if forced social responsibility is imposed. The case of providing subsidized AIDS medication to less developed nations is used to illustrate how social blackmail may result in less innovation, entrepreneurship, and product development efforts by the pharmaceutical industry, ultimately reducing social welfare.\n      </p>", "Israel M. Kirzner is the 2006 winner of The International Award for Entrepreneurship and Small Business Research. In this essay, we present and evaluate his main contributions to the economics of entrepreneurship. The focus is on how Kirzner defines the entrepreneurial function. In order to better understand his theory, we posit Kirzner's notion of an entrepreneur in the Austrian tradition. In so doing we emphasize that this concept opens up different perspectives as compared to the neoclassical theoretical framework. The three areas of economic policy, justice and freedom, and economic growth are discussed. We also show why the Kirznerian entrepreneur makes these issues relevant. Perhaps most importantly, Kirzner has made the Austrian School intelligible for non- Austrians. By bridging the chasm between Austrian and mainstream thinking, the crucial role of entrepreneurship and the individual entrepreneur has become visible to a much broader audience.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we move beyond the typical focus on the role of individuals in leading social change to examine \"collective social entrepreneurship\", the role multiple actors collaboratively play to address social problems, create new institutions, and dismantle outdated institutional arrangements. Specifically, we examine collective social entrepreneurship across a diverse range of collaborative activities including movements, alliances and markets for social good. We identify resource utilization approaches and three associated sets of activities that illustrate the work of collective social entrepreneurs\u2014framing, convening, and multivocality. Using illustrative case studies to examine the phenomenon, we highlight the capacity of collective action across sectors to create markets, institutions and organizations and, to derive success by resonating through embeddedness in broader social movements.\n      </p>", "This article is dedicated to the problem of the Russian entrepreneurship development through the historical context of traditions, attitudes and mentality change. It embraces the vast period of the so called \u201eRussian-Soviet-Russian\u201c economic history stressing the entrepreneurship continuity. In dieser Arbeit wird die Entwicklung des unternehmerischen Denkens und Handelns in Ru\u00dfland mit Blick auf die Ver\u00e4nderungen in den Traditionen, Einstellungen und Mentalit\u00e4ten behandelt. Sie erfa\u00dft die als \u201erussischsowjetisch-russisch\u201c charakterisierte Periode der Wirtschaftsgeschichte und versucht die Kontinuit\u00e4t des russischen Unternehmertums darzustellen.\n      </p>", "We aim to contribute to the analysis of the role that spacebound social capital plays in local/regional entrepreneurship. We compare social capital with other forms of capital. The conclusion is that in the main, social capital can be analyzed in the same way as other capital but it has some important special attributes. With these attributes as starting point we sketch an outline model of how the spatially-defined producer surplus and consumer surplus form a place surplus, and of the role played by social capital in the creation of the producer surplus. A \"rereading\" of Schumpeter shows that he was aware of several aspects of what we denominate entrepreneurship- inhibiting and facilitating aspects of social capital. Finally, we discuss some formal economic modeling approaches to the theoretical relationship between social capital and entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "This paper is about the impact of clusters on entrepreneurship at the regional level. Defining entrepreneurship as the creation of new organisations and clusters as a geographically proximate group of interconnected firms and associated institutions in related industries, this paper aims to answer three research questions: first, do clusters matter to entrepreneurship at the regional level? Second, if clusters are associated with different levels of entrepreneurship, what explains those differences? Third, what do the answers to the previous questions imply for academics and policy makers? To answer these questions, this paper distinguishes between clusters and industrial agglomerations and advances a theoretical model and empirical research to explain the impact of clusters on entrepreneurship at the regional level. This paper uses the 97 German planning regions as units of analysis to test the hypotheses. Using hypotheses testing and OLS fixed-effects model, this paper finds that clusters do have an impact on entrepreneurship at the regional level, but industrial agglomerations do not. Implications for academics and policy makers and suggestions for future research are given in the concluding section.\n      </p>", "Although there is a high level of practitioner, policymaker, and scholar interest in social entrepreneurship, most research is based on case studies and success stories of successful social entrepreneurs in a single country. We develop a methodology to measure population-based social entrepreneurship activity (SEA) prevalence rates and test it in 49 countries. Our results provide insights into institutional and individual drivers of SEA. Using the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM) methodology of Total Entrepreneurial Activity (TEA), we find that countries with higher rates of traditional entrepreneurial activity also tend to have higher rates of social entrepreneurial activity. We develop a broad definition of social entrepreneurship and then explore types based on social mission, revenue model, and innovativeness.\n      </p>", "Here, I examine returns to entrepreneurship using a standard measure of welfare, the percapita consumption expenditure. This analysis, using quantile regressions, reveals the existence of a welfare hierarchy in occupations. The results suggest that, across the welfare distribution, entrepreneurs who employ others have the highest returns in terms of consumption, while those entrepreneurs who work for themselves, that is, self-employed individuals, have slightly lower returns than the salaried employees. However, self-employment entails higher returns than casual labor and a relative escape from poverty.\n      </p>", "Have tax policies affected entrepreneurial activity in the U.S.? We extend the time series literature on this topic by using more recent data and modern econometric techniques to examine the importance of federal income, payroll, capital gains, corporate income, and estate taxes on self-employment rates. Regression results show that most of these taxes have significant but small effects on self-employment activity. A battery of cointegration and causality tests confirms the general finding that taxes can have significant influences on entrepreneurship, but they are likely to be ineffective tools for generating meaningful changes in entrepreneurial activity.\n      </p>", "This research develops an integrated systems model of entrepreneurship management as a method for achieving health care organizational survival and growth. Specifically, it analyzes current health care environment challenges, identifies roles of managers and discusses organizational theories that are relevant to the health care environment, outlines the role of entrepreneurship in health care, and describes the entrepreneurial manager in the entrepreneurial management process to produce desirable organizational outcomes. The study concludes that as current health care environment continues to show intense competition, entrepreneurial managers are responsible for creating innovations, managing change, investing in resources, and recognizing opportunities in the environment to increase organizational viability.\n      </p>", "This paper provides an endogenous growth model to illuminate the role of entrepreneurial start-up firms in structural economic transformation. We follow the Lewis-model distinction between a traditional and modern sector and underpin this distinction with micro-foundations. We specify mature and start-up entrepreneurs and make a distinction between survivalist self-employment activities in the traditional sector and opportunity-driven entrepreneurship in the modern. The model shows how opportunity-driven entrepreneurship can drive structural transformation in both the modern and traditional sectors through innovation and the provision of intermediate inputs and services (which permits greater specialization in manufacturing) and by increasing employment and productivity.\n      </p>", "Using a sample obtained from a survey conducted in the United States during summer 2002, we study the variables related to observed differences in the rate of entrepreneurial involvement between black and white Americans. We find strong evidence that differences in subjective and often biased perceptions are highly associated with entrepreneurial propensity across these two racial groups. In addition, we find that black Americans tend to exhibit more optimistic perceptions of their business environment than other racial groups and are more likely than others to attempt starting a business. In fact, our results show that blacks are almost twice as likely as whites to try starting a business. Thus, our results suggest that the under representation of black Americans among established entrepreneurs is not due to lack of trying but may instead be due to stronger barriers to entry and higher failure rates.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a model of the strategic process concerning entrepreneurial activity in large, complex organizations. Previous empirical and theoretical findings can be integrated in this new conceptual framework. The paper makes the following key points. First, firms need both diversity and order in their strategic activities to maintain their viability. Diversity results primarily from autonomous strategic initiatives of participants at the operational level. Order results from imposing a concept of strategy on the organization. Second, managing diversity requires an experimentation-and-selection approach. Middle level managers play a crucial role in this through their support for autonomous strategic initiatives early on, by combining these with various capabilities dispersed in the firm's operating system, and by conceptualizing strategies for new areas of business. Third, top management's critical contribution consists in strategic recognition rather than planning. By allowing middle level managers to redefine the strategic context, and by being fast learners, top management can make sure that entrepreneurial activities will correspond to their strategic vision, retroactively. Fourth, strategic management at the top should be to a large extent concerned with balancing the emphasis on diversity and order over time. Top management should control the level and the rate of change rather than the specific content of entrepreneurial activity. Finally, new managerial approaches and innovative administrative arrangements are required to facilitate the collaboration between entrepreneurial participants and the organizations in which they are active.\n      </p>", "Health care is quite different from other industries because of its organizational structure, service delivery, and financing of health services. Balancing costs, quality, and access presents unique challenges for each stakeholder group committed to promoting the health and healing of its citizens. Using the diagnostic approach to health care entrepreneurship, we created a framework from research in the field to understand the predisposing, enabling, and reinforcing factors most relevant to successful entrepreneurship.\n      </p>", "During the last twenty to thirty years, a quiet culinary transformation has been going on in Norway\u2014one that is surprisingly unobtrusive and scarcely ever mentioned. Many Norwegians have acquired new eating habits and a multicultural cuisine, indicating acceptance and inquisitiveness\u2014this in a country where just a few years ago red peppers were considered to be dubious vegetables. In this article, the entrepreneurship of a family that has stood behind much of this development\u2014the 'Wong' family from Hong Kong\u2014is analyzed. Criticizing the common emphasis on ethnicity and drawing instead upon a concept of 'mixed embeddedness,' the following aspects of the Wong family's entrepreneurship are examined: niche expansion, cooperation strategies, management in a spatial context, concept development, clientele, personnel, and market positioning. To the degree that ethnicity is included, the suggestion is to study whether and how ethnicity, together with the other aspects mentioned, is relevant in the making of profit and control.\n      </p>", "Existing firms are argued to be an important source of new entrepreneurs. Yet, relatively little is known about the characteristics of firms that breed new entrepreneurs. We use a large linked employee-employer dataset to trace and characterize the types of firms which generate new entrepreneurs in Finland. We find that such transitions are rare and that smaller firms spawn new entrepreneurs more frequently than larger firms. We also find that firms' R&amp;D intensity and, to a lesser extent, their productivity are negatively related to the probability that employees transit into entrepreneurship. These results are robust to controlling for a number of employee and employer attributes.\n      </p>", "This paper reports the findings of a study, which employed a contingency, export-entrepreneurial approach to investigate the critical influences on export venture creation among a sample of Nigerian small firms. Responding to the repeated calls in the literature for multidisciplinary research frameworks, the paper draws on perspectives from entrepreneurship, exporting, and contingency literatures to examine the antecedent and moderating influences on the export behavior of small firms. It explores, in particular, the effect of entrepreneurial orientation and external environmental moderators in the export venture creation process of small firms. The findings suggest that an entrepreneurial orientation is associated with better export venturing, and is the appropriate strategic posture for small firms operating in hostile environments. It would appear, also, that this orientation is associated with certain decision-maker characteristics (including international orientation and contacts and previous business experience) and firm-level competencies. By thus highlighting the entrepreneurial dimensions of export venturing, this paper makes the case for greater policy focus on strengthening the entrepreneurial foundations/capacities of small firms.\n      </p>", "This paper presents two clarifying cases of socially oriented student entrepreneurship. The findings illuminate an overlooked organizational space located at the intersection of the public good and academic capitalist knowledge/learning regimes (Slaughter &amp; Rhoades, 2004) that provides students with the entrepreneurial agency to create social change.\n      </p>", "This paper provides an introduction to this special issue of Small Business Economics dealing with the (long-postponed) integration of entrepreneurship into the discipline of development economics and casting a formal light on the role of entrepreneurship in developing countries. The paper departs from the premise that with more than a billion people living in absolute poverty, it is of great practical importance to understand if and when entrepreneurship is a binding constraint on economic development and catching up in developing countries. This in turn requires at least a deeper theoretical modeling of the entrepreneur in development economics. This special edition contains a number of contributions emanating from the UNU-WIDER project on Promoting Entrepreneurial Capacity, which integrates the disciplines of entrepreneurship and development economics. These contributions model and explore the role of the entrepreneur in key areas of concern for development economics, such as structural change and economic growth, income and wealth inequalities, welfare, poverty traps, and market failures. This introduction discusses and contextualizes these various contributions and their implications for further theoretical and empirical work.\n      </p>"], "words": {"all": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "concept": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "lack": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "existing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "leads": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "welfare": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "issues": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sociological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "presents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 40, "prob": 0.0003312505952159133}, "topic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "endogenous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "risk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "seemingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "orientations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scholar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pursue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unrelated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "relationship,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 116, "prob": 0.0009606267261261485}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dealing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discover": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hubris": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "version": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitudes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "above": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capital": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unintentionally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multinational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explosion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "men": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disposable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "obtained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "talent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thirty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ventures": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "employees": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "economics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dedicated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alliances,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socioeconomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "from": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "wealth": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "would": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "governance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "themselves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "panel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "israel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initiated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "successful": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "company": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organizations": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "market,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 43, "prob": 0.00035609438985710677}, "science": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "work": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "theories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "era": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 107, "prob": 0.000886095342202568}, "growing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "heart": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compare": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "links": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "process": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "household": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tax": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sample": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "employs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reynolds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "burgeoning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "productive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "holds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "sentiments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "product": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "southern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entrepreneurship": {"number": 40, "prob": 0.0003312505952159133}, "reflect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "ethnic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "types": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "a": {"number": 41, "prob": 0.00033953186009631113}, "introduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypotheses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chief": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capitalist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "african": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "typical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "six": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "help": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "september": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "move": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "through": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "argued": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "japan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "industries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapidly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monitor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labor": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clusters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "downsizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "them": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surrounds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inception": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determinants": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "articles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "level": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "inequality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "accompanied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "domain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significantly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "society": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "literature": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "measure": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "beyond": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "special": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "issue": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "integrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achievements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "standard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "formation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "members": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "likelihood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognition,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unresolved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gender,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "created": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "could": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "place": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twenty": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "barriers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exhibited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "symbolic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "restrict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improvements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "service": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "leading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "least": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "their": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "returns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "observations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sensitivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "that": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "taxation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focusing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entrepreneurship,": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "wide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "structure,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "second": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acquisition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "published": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 63, "prob": 0.0005217196874650634}, "pervasive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "topics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "modern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seen": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "linked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "self": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "responsible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oriented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "high": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "objective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experienced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fundamental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "centre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditions,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "class": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clarifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "takes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consequences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "m": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "points": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "project,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "german": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "welfare,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hungary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "networks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "based": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "knowledge": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "explain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achieve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "do": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "gendered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "during": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "societies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "contrast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "respond": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "redefine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "capital,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intensity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "are": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "existence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "jobs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "capacity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspirations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsequent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "years,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "affecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ethics,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "europe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "infrastructure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "venture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "key": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "article": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "cities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exclusion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concentrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "climate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "career": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "taking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distinguished": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "premise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overview": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "race,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "migrant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initiative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "respect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conference": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "create": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "creativity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "interest": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "inadequate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "define": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "determinant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerning": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "modelling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enterprises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expenditure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "despite": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multi": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "entrepreneurial": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "policies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "country": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "japan,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "characteristics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "is": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "in": {"number": 59, "prob": 0.000488594627943472}, "technology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "everyday": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "different": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "productivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "author": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "any": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethiopia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potentially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virtually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ray": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "status": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comprehensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "here,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "macroeconomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "student": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "center": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "studies": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "academic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "corporate": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "summer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paul": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "density": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "smith": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "book": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adoption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technological": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "has": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "transformation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "government": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "survival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "income": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "five": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "success": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "identifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploiting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "performing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "unstable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "university": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "understood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "export": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "images": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognition": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shapes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genetics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dimensions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "demonstrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "legal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "innovation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "intersections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "business": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "marketing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "journal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "stage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 19, "prob": 0.0001573440327275588}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entrepreneurs": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discusses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "alliance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stratification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intellectual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reducing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prompted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "start": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "contingency,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyze": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "lowest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medium": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "becoming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "failure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "encourage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "russian": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "with": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "stories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "organizational": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "education": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "areas,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ultimately": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "develops": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "important": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "u": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "adam": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}