{"total_words": 1619, "documents": ["The present study expands the systematic measurement of consumers' sentiments towards business ethical practices to the international arena. Data for the Business Ethics Index (BEI) were gathered in three countries of the European Union (UK, Germany, Spain). The Germans were the most pessimistic while the British were the most optimistic about the future ethical behaviour of businesses.\n      </p>", "This study examines the influence of ethics instruction, religiosity, and intelligence on cheating behavior. A sample of 230 upper level, undergraduate business students had the opportunity to increase their chances of winning money in an experimental situation by falsely reporting their task performance. In general, the results indicate that students who attended worship services more frequently were less likely to cheat than those who attended worship services less frequently, but that students who had taken a course in business ethics were no less likely to cheat than students who had not taken such a course. However, the results do indicate that the extent to which taking a business ethics course influenced cheating behavior was moderated by the religiosity and intelligence of the individual student. In particular, while students who were highly religious were unlikely to cheat whether or not they had taken a business ethics course, students who were not highly religious demonstrated less cheating if they had taken a business ethics course. In addition, the extent of cheating among highly intelligent students was significantly reduced if such students had taken a course in business ethics. Likewise, individuals who were highly intelligent displayed significantly less cheating if they were also highly religious. The implications of these findings are discussed.\n      </p>", "As a new generation of problem-structuring methods (PSM) develops in operational research (OR) practice, the issue of ethics needs attention. This paper aims to contribute to examining ethics in the practice of problem structuring. The paper argues that PSM could influence ethical reflection but the scope of new developments is limited, as it is also the scope of ethical codes or norms in OR. Ethics needs to be understood as a continuous development by individuals in relation to existing frameworks and codes. This view of ethics is inspired by Michel Foucault's ideas on power and ethics. Using Foucault's ideas, two main areas of inquiry are suggested to enhance critical reflection about ethics: (a) individualization of forms of ethics, and (b) possibilities and constraints of ethics in power relations. Using these two areas, practitioners reflect on the ethics of their practice and relate it to their own ethical development.\n      </p>", "We explore the availability and use of data (primary and secondary) in the field of business ethics research. Specifically, we examine an international sample of doctoral dissertations since 1998, categorizing research topics, data collection, and availability of data. Findings suggest that use of only primary data pervades the discipline, despite strong methodological reasons to augment business ethics research with secondary data.\n      </p>", "Objective\u2014To identify and describe the current state of clinical ethics support services in the UK. Design\u2014A series of questionnaire surveys of key individuals in National Health Service (NHS) trusts, health authorities, health boards, local research ethics committees and health professional organisations. Interviews with chairmen/women of clinical ethics committees identified in the surveys. Setting\u2014The UK National Health Service. Results\u2014Responses to the questionnaires were received from all but one NHS trust and all but one health authority/board. A variety of models of clinical ethics support were identified including twenty formal clinical ethics committees (CECs). A further twenty NHS trusts expressed an intention to establish a CEC within the next twelve months. Most CECs in the UK have been in existence less than five years and are still defining their role. The chairmen identified education of committee members and contact with other ethics committees as important requirements for committee development. Problems were identified around lack of support for the committee and with raising the profile of the committee within the institution. There has been little evaluation of clinical ethics support services either in the UK or in other countries with longer established services. What evaluation has occurred has focused on process rather than outcome measures. Conclusions\u2014Clinical ethics support services are developing in the UK. A number of issues have been identified that need to be addressed if such support services are to develop effectively.\n      </p>", "The relationship between entrepreneurship and ethics has largely been characterized as antithetical. In this article we develop a conceptual model integrating pragmatism, a philosophical approach that emphasizes experimentation and action characteristic of entrepreneurial leadership, with ethics to suggest that the two are not incompatible and that sustaining entrepreneurial leadership for value creation necessitates ethical action to build legitimacy. Case studies from the United States and India highlight the necessity of infusing pragmatism with ethics for sustainable entrepreneurial leadership.\n      </p>", "Very little has been done to find out what corporations have done to build ethical values into their organizations. In this report on a survey of 1984 Fortune 1000 industrial and service companies the Center for Business Ethics reveals some facts regarding codes of ethics, ethics committees, social audits, ethics training programs, boards of directors, and other areas where corporations might institutionalize ethics. Based on the survey, the Center for Business Ethics is convinced that corporations are beginning to take steps to institutionalize ethics, while recognizing that in most cases more specific mechanisms and strategies need to be implemented to make their ethics efforts truly effective.\n      </p>", "This article uses sociological role theory to help understand ethical challenges faced by Norwegian real estate agents. The article begins with an introductory case, and then briefly examines the strengths and limitations of using legal definitions and rules for understanding real estate agency and real estate agent ethics. It goes on to argue that the ethical challenges of real estate agency can be described and understood as a system of conflicting roles with associated rights and duties, in particular sales agent, intermediary and adviser sub-roles. The arguments are developed using exploratory findings from a survey of Norwegian real estate agents and from several focus groups. The article then suggests the use of various intranet tools as a kind of action research aimed at putting ethics on the real estate agents' agenda, working to develop a collective conscience and collective selfcriticism among the agents, and, in doing so, building bridges between academic research and the practical working world of the agents.\n      </p>", "This paper reassesses the domain of the business ethics curriculum and, drawing on recent shifts in the business environment, maps out some suggestions for extending the core ground of the discipline. It starts by assessing the key elements of the dominant English-language business ethics textbooks and identifying the domain as reflected by those publications as 'where the law ends' and 'beyond the legal minimum'. Based on this, the paper identifies potential gaps and new areas for the discipline by drawing on four main aspects. First, it argues that the domain of business ethics requires extensions dependent on the particular geographic region where the subject is taught. A second factor for broadening the scope is the impact of recent scandals, which arguably direct the focus of ethical inquiry towards the nature of the business systems in which individuals and corporations operate. Third, the impact of globalization and its result on growing corporate involvement in regulatory processes is discussed. Fourth and finally, business ethics reaches beyond the traditional constituencies of 'economic stakeholders' as new actors from civil society enter the stage of ethical decision making in business. We conclude by suggesting that a reconsideration of the domain of business ethics, especially in Europe, is timely, but that to do so represents a major challenge to business ethics educators.\n      </p>", "The recent frauds in organizations have been a point for reflection among researchers and practitioners regarding the lack of morality in certain decision-making. We argue for a modification of decision-making models that has been accepted in organizations with stronger links with ethics and morality. With this aim we propose a return to the base value of Christianity, supported by Bible scriptures, underlying six dominant ethical approaches that drive practices in organizations.\n      </p>", "This study was designed to examine the prevalence of a code of ethics and to analyze its content among public relations agencies in the United States. Of the 1,562 public relations agencies reviewed, 605 (38.7%) provided an ethical statement. Among the ethical statements provided by these public relations agencies, 'respect to clients,' 'service,' 'strategic,' and 'results' were the values most frequently emphasized. On the other hand, 'balance,' 'fairness,' 'honor,' 'social responsibility,' and 'independence' were the least frequently mentioned in the thical codes. Also, none of the sampled agencies included any sanctions regarding enforcement of their particular codes of ethics.\n      </p>", "We report the results of a randomized trial to assess the impact of an innovative ethics curriculum on the knowledge and confidence of 85 medical house officers in a university hospital programme, as well as their responses to a simulated clinical case. Twenty-five per cent of the house officers received a lecture series (Limited Intervention or LI), 25 per cent received lectures and case conferences, with an ethicist in attendance (Extensive Intervention or EI), and 50 per cent served as controls. A post-intervention questionnaire was administered. Knowledge scores did not differ among the groups. Confidence regarding ethical issues was significantly greater in the aggregate intervention group (3\u00b79 on a 1 to 5 scale) compared to the control group (3\u00b76). Confidence regarding procedural issues related to ethics was significantly higher for the EI group than for the controls (4\u00b70 v 2\u00b78). Responses to a simulated case showed that significantly fewer house officers in the EI group would intubate a patient for whom such therapy would be futile (EI = 57 per cent, LI = 87 per cent, Controls = 82 per cent). We conclude that ethics education can have an impact on house officers' confidence and their responses to a simulated case, and that the EI was more effective than the LI. Such results have implications regarding the implementation of ethics education during residency.\n      </p>", "We examine the impact of an ethics education program on reporting behavior using two groups of students: fourth year Masters of Accounting students who just completed a newly instituted ethics education program, and fifth year students in the same program who did not receive the ethics program. In an experiment providing both the opportunity and motivation to misreport for more money, we design two social condition treatments \u2013 anonymity and public disclosure \u2013 to examine whether or to what extent ethical values are internalized by students. We find that when participants are anonymous, misreporting rates are nearly the same regardless of ethics program participation. However, when their reporting behavior is made public to the cohort, participants who completed the ethics program misreported at significantly lower rates than those who did not receive the ethics program. The results suggest that ethics education does not necessarily result in internalized ethical values, but it can impact ethical behavior.\n      </p>", "Viewing business ethics as enlightened self-interest that always pays in the long run is too easy. While reputation can be a valuable asset, not being tied to a particular code of ethics has an option value. The need for widespread laws and regulations that restrict behavior confirms this. Being ethical may cost-it is still worth pursuing if we believe in goals that transcend shareholder value.\n      </p>", "Recent events have raised concerns about the ethical standards of public and private organisations, with some attention falling on business schools as providers of education and training to managers and senior executives. This paper investigates the nature of, motivation and commitment to, ethics tuition provided by the business schools. Using content analysis of their institutional and home websites, we appraise their corporate identity, level of engagement in socially responsible programmes, degree of social inclusion, and the relationship to their ethics teaching. Based on published research, a schema is developed with corporate identity forming an integral part, to represent the macro-environment, parent institution, the business school and their relationships to ethics education provision. This is validated by our findings.\n      </p>", "Students coming into a third-year business ethics course I teach are often confused about the use and meaning of the terms social responsibility and ethics. This motivated me to take a closer look at a sample of the management and business ethics literature for an explanation of their confusion. I found that there are inconsistencies in the way the two terms are employed and the way the concepts are defined. This paper identifies the different ways the relationship between social responsibility and ethics has been represented, the various uses of these two terms, and the contrasting views regarding the connection between morality and ethics. While this analysis does not resolve any difficult substantive questions, it does provide conceptual clarity as a necessary first step towards facilitating students' critical engagement with the substantive issues.\n      </p>", "This paper raises the questions: 'What do we expect from nursing ethics?' and 'Is the literature of nursing ethics any different from that of medical ethics?' It is suggested that rather than develop nursing ethics as a separate field writers in nursing ethics should take a lead in making the patient the central focus of health care ethics. The case is made for empirical work in health care ethics and it is suggested that a good way of setting about this is to ask practising nurses about the real ethical problems they encounter.\n      </p>", "We examine the occurrence of ethicsrelated terms in 10-K annual reports over 1994-2006 and offer empirical observations on the conceptual framework of Erhard et al. (Integrity: A Positive Model that Incorporates the Normative Phenomena of Morality, Ethics, and Legality (Harvard Business School, Harvard) 2007). We use a pre-Sarbanes-Oxley sample subset to compare the occurrence of ethics-related terms in our 10-K data with samples from other studies that consider virtue-related phenomena. We find that firms using ethics-related terms are more likely to be \"sin\" stocks, are more likely to be the object of class action lawsuits, and are more likely to score poorly on measures of corporate governance. The consistency of our results across these alternative measures of ethical behavior suggests that managers who portray their firm as \"ethical\" in 10-K reports are more likely to be systematically misleading the public. These results are consistent with the integrity-performance paradox.\n      </p>", "All ethics has a religious dimension. This paper considers how specific Christian insights concerning death, suffering, human nature and human creatureliness can help to expose more fully the moral issues at stake in some of the dilemmas faced by doctors. It ends by acknowledging the crushing burden of decision-making which rests on many in the medical profession, and indicates the importance of religious resources in dealing with this.\n      </p>", "Students at Newcastle are exposed to patients during their first week at medical school and attached to a family within the first month. The object is to sensitise them to patients as people rather than vehicles of disease. Medical ethics is introduced as part of the multidisciplinary Human Development, Behaviour and Ageing Course by a lecturer who shows a film which poses an ethical problem. At subsequent tutorials led by the Department of Family and Community Medicine's general practitioner lecturers the subject is discussed as ethical issues arise in the course of their work.\n      </p>", "This paper argues that ethics education needs to become more reflective about its social and political ethic as it participates in the construction and transmission of medical ethics. It argues for a critical approach to medical ethics and explores the political context in medical schools and some of the peculiar problems in medical ethics education.\n      </p>", "This article analyzes the attitudes of United States business professionals toward the issue of international bribery, and in particular, whether or not having a written code of ethics has an effect on these attitudes. A vignette relating to international bribery from a widely used survey instrument was employed in a nationwide survey of business professionals to gather information on ethical attitudes of respondents. Data were also collected on gender of respondents, whether or not respondents were self-employed, whether or not the respondents' firms had a written code of ethics, and to what extent the respondents' firms generated revenues from international operations. Attitudes concerning whether or not international bribery is ever acceptable exhibited wide dispersion. Respondents from firms that have a written code of ethics were significantly less likely to find international bribery acceptable. Firms that generate revenues from international operations were significantly more likely to have a written code of ethics than were firms which did not generate revenues from international operations. Implications of the findings for business policy are discussed.\n      </p>", "Even if there were widespread cross-cultural agreement on the normative issues of business ethics, corporate ethics management initiatives (e.g., codes of conduct, ethics telephone lines, ethics offices) which are appropriate in one cultural setting still could fail to mesh with the management practices and cultural characteristics of a different setting. By uncritically adopting widely promoted American practices for managing corporate ethics, multinational businesses risk failure in pursuing the ostensible goals of corporate ethics initiatives. Pursuing shared ethical goals by means of culturally inappropriate management practices, in short, can undermine the effectiveness of ethics management efforts. This article explicates how several important dimensions of culture can influence the effectiveness of common ethics initiatives, and recommends the development and application of a culture-structure contingency analysis in the task of encouraging ethical behavior in global businesses.\n      </p>", "Ethics training is commonly cited as a primary method for increasing employees' ethical decision making and conduct. However, little is known about how the presence of ethics training can enhance other components of an organization's ethical environment such as employees' perception of company ethical values. Using a national sample of 313 business professionals employed in the United States, the relationship between ethics training and perceived organizational ethics was explored. The results of the analysis provide significant statistical support for the notion that businesspersons employed in organizations that have formalized ethics training programs have more positive perceptions of their companies' ethical context than do individuals employed in organizations that do not. The analysis also indicated that job satisfaction was related to employees' attitudes about their ethical context. The managerial implications of the results are outlined, along with the limitations of the study and recommendations for future research.\n      </p>", "Objectives \u2013 To study the resources available and resources needed for ethics teaching to medical students in UK medical schools as required by the new GMC core curriculum. Design \u2013 A structured questionnaire was piloted and then circulated to deans of medical schools. Setting \u2013 All UK medical schools Resulto \u2013 Eighteen out of 28 schools completed the questionnaire, the remainder either indicating that their arrangements were \"under review\" (4) or not responding (6). Among those responding: 1) library resources, including video and information technology were found to be fairly well developed; 2) many schools had a good supply of handouts and sample cases for teaching; 3) most had a written syllabus, and 4) two-thirds examined in the subject. However, many schools indicated that there was an urgent need for: 1) full-time teachers (most ethics teaching is still by part-time and voluntary staff); funding for books and journals, and 3) additional teaching materials (including further case vignettes, handouts and sample exam questions). Conclusions \u2013 There has been a considerable overall improvement in resources for medical ethics teaching since the time of the last national survey (The Pond Report).1 However, provision varies widely from medical school to medical school. The particular needs identified were for full-time teachers, library resources and teaching materials. Wider use of existing organisations concerned with medical ethics could help to meet these needs.\n      </p>", "Four developments have been central to the shaping of the field of religious ethics: (1) the shift from Christian ethics to religious ethics, (2) the dis- placement of normative ethics by descriptive, comparative, and analytical ethics, (3) growth in self-consciousness as philosophical assumptions have come to articulation in critical philosophical consciousness, and (4) the ex- tension of the Social Gospel's traditional agenda into more and different practical social issues. However, this \"map\" of the field, drawn from 35,000 feet, shows that though the changes have, indeed, been significant, the continuities are far more pronounced (and interesting) than is generally admitted.\n      </p>", "In arguing for a differentiation of ethics from morals as well as between ethics and morals in the domains of ethnography and anthropology, an analysis of ethical issues described by Levi-Strauss in Tristes Tropiques (1992) enables a critical commentary on, first, the thematization of ethics in the historiography of anthropology and, second, a recent analysis by Peter Pels of the double focus, or dual orientation, of ethics in relation to both sponsors and subjects of study. This metaethical analysis tracks differences in the reasoning, values, problematizations, and focus of ethics and morals in the distinct domains of ethnographic fieldwork, ethnographic representation, the general field of anthropology, and the historiography of anthropology.\n      </p>", "The moral intuitions and arguments of some prominent business ethics authors regarding the ethics of monopoly are drenched with contestable economic theory. Discussions too typically ignore theoretical alternatives and debates about the nature of monopolies, their assets and liabilities. I review the theoretical debates and show why they matter to business ethics. That there may be genuine cases of rivalrous monopoly, that monopolies might in the odd circumstance prove more efficient or become advantageous in contests with labor or useful in respect of a nation's international affairs does not imply we should unwary of monopolies. However, not only the best theory to date, but also the mere fact of serious disagreement in the field suggests that there is no necessary connection between monopolies and practices such as price discrimination, price fixing, bribery, collusion, and so on. This frustrates the most pervasive and most prominent argument so far for the claim that monopolies are intrinsically unethical.\n      </p>", "The tension between external forces for better ethics in organizations, represented by legislation such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX), and the call for internal forces represented by increased educational coverage, has never been as apparent. This study examines business school faculty attitudes about recent corporate ethics lapses, including opinions about root causes, potential solutions, and ethics coverage in their courses. In assessing root causes, faculty point to a failure of systems such as legal/professional and management (external) and declining personal values (internal). We also found that faculty recommend external forces as a remedy more often than increased ethics educational coverage; we contextualize this finding with recent ethics education literature. We conclude by proposing that neither legislation nor ethics education alone are complete when addressing widespread unethical corporate acts and offer a multifaceted approach to ethics educational opportunities.\n      </p>", "This paper discusses the criticisms that exist about corporate use of ethics advice by bioscience companies and offers suggestions on how ethics advisors can be used so as to maximize their utility and avoid the criticism.\n      </p>", "This study relates consumer ethics and attitudes to the recent controversy over file-sharing Web sites such as Napster, Morpheus, and Kazaa. Data were collected from college students to determine their ethical attitudes toward downloading music without paying as well as their attitudes toward record companies and recording artists. Twenty-one students participated in a qualitative study, and 210 participated in a follow-up quantitative study. Results suggest that downloading reflects more than just access to high-speed technology. The findings suggest that respondents who download music from the Internet differ from those who do not download in that downloaders have lesser ethical concern, indicating a greater willingness to endorse ethically questionable acts, and that downloaders are more likely to believe that downloading files does not harm the company or the artists.\n      </p>", "This paper examines ethics in organizations in relation to the subjectivity of managers. Drawing on the work of Michel Foucault we seek to theorize ethics in terms of the meaning of being a manager who is an active ethical subject. Such a manager is so in relation to the organizational structures and norms that govern the conduct of ethics. Our approach locates ethics in the relation between individual morality and organizationally prescribed principles assumed to guide personal action. In this way we see ethics as a practice that is powerfully intertwined in an individual's freedom to make choices about what to do and who to be, and the organizational context in which those choices are situated, framed and governed.\n      </p>", "An 11-week hybrid distance learning/personal contact ethics training program, customized for a leading information technology firm, is described in the format of a sequential process. The process is grounded on discourse ethics and the ethics training guidelines premised by the Hastings Institute. Indications from the firm and from the program's participants are that the training has been beneficial.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to determine the degree to which the review of corporate ethics codes is associated with individuals' perceptions of the importance of virtue ethics, or more specifically, employee incorruptibility. A convenience sample of individuals working for a university or one of several business organizations located in the Mountain West region of the United States was compiled with a self-report questionnaire. A usable sample of 143 persons representing both the public and private industries was secured for use in this study. The results of an analysis of covariance showed that reviewing ethics codes during employee orientation was positively related to individuals' beliefs that incorruptibility is an important individual virtue. The managerial implications of the findings are discussed along with suggestions for future research.\n      </p>", "Professional associations, like the Academy of Management, exist to foster and promote scholarship, exchange among faculty, and an environment conducive to member professional ethics development. However, this last purpose of such organizations has received the least amount of attention. Moreover, previous research has demonstrated that there are differences in perceived needs for professional ethics development between tenured and untenured faculty. In the current research 260 Academy of Management members were surveyed. The research identified differences between tenured and untenured management faculty with respect to expectations for the Academy of Management to provide ethics education and research with respect to the professional code of conduct. Implications of the findings are discussed from a developmental perspective. Directions for future research are provided.\n      </p>", "Are corporate codes of ethics necessarily ethical? To challenge this notion, an initial set of universal moral standards is proposed by which all corporate codes of ethics can be ethically evaluated. The set of universal moral standards includes: (1) trustworthiness; (2) respect; (3) responsibility; (4) fairness; (5) caring; and (6) citizenship. By applying the six moral standards to four different stages of code development (i.e., content, creation, implementation, administration), a code of ethics for corporate codes of ethics is constructed by which companies can be ethically audited for compliance. The newly proposed code of ethics for corporate codes of ethics was then applied to four large Canadian companies representing a variety of industries: telecommunications; banking, manufacturing, and high technology. The ethical audit of the four companies' ethics programs based on the proposed code indicates that all four companies have room to improve the ethical nature of their codes of ethics (i.e., content, creation, implementation, administration).\n      </p>", "Marketing ethics is normally marketed as a sub-specialization of business ethics. In this paper, marketing ethics serves as an umbrella term for advertising, PR and sales ethics and as an example of professional ethics. To structure the paper, four approaches are distinguished, with a focus on typical professional conflicts, codes, roles or climates respectively. Since the moral climate approach is more inclusive than the other approaches, the last part of the paper deals mainly with moral climates, within the above-mentioned marketing sub-professions.\n      </p>", "Drawing on conceptual works by Murphy (1999) and Solomon (1999), we develop a virtue ethics scale. Other ethics scales, which are grounded in deontological and teleological principles, may be used to classify people according to their beliefs about (1) the criteria they use to make ethical decisions, or (2) the ethicality of those decisions. We suggest augmenting these scales with our virtue ethics scale, which may be used to classify people according to their beliefs about the virtuous qualities of businesspeople.\n      </p>", "Several theories, both ancient and recent, suggest that having the time to contemplate a decision should increase moral awareness and the likelihood of ethical choices. Our findings indicated just the opposite: greater time for deliberation led to less ethical decisions. Post-hoc analyses and a followup experiment suggested that decision makers act as if their previous choices have created or lost moral credentials: after an ethical first choice, people acted significantly less ethically in their subsequent choice but after an unethical first choice, people acted significantly more ethically in their subsequent choice. These findings provide the basis for a model of compensatory ethics.\n      </p>", "Manchester's multi-disciplinary approach to medical ethics combines established methods and new initiatives. There is a longstanding Medical Group and also, plans are evolving for the inclusion of medical ethics teaching in the undergraduate curriculum, the start of an MA in Health Care Ethics in October 1987 and the establishment of the Centre for Social Ethics and Policy to act as a focus within the university for research and study in a wider context.\n      </p>", "The article deals with the relationship between theological ethics and moral philosophy. The former is seen as a theoretical reflection on Christian ethics, the latter as one on secular ethics. The main questions asked are: (1) Is there one and only one pre-theoretical knowledge about acting rightly? (2) Does philosophy provide us with the theoretical framework for understanding both Christian and secular ethics? Both questions are answered in the negative. In the course of argument, four positions are presented: theological 'unificationism', philosophical 'unificationism', theological 'separationism' and Lutheran 'dualism'. It is argued that the latter position is most convincing. It is dual in the sense of being both a theory of Christian ethics and of including a recognition of natural law. Hence, it unites a particularistic and a universalistic point of view. In the last section a reformulation of the Lutheran position is attempted in making use of the ethical theory of Knud E. L\u00f8gstrup's The Ethical Demand.\n      </p>", "Earnings management behavior is a concern of standard-setters, regulators and the accounting profession. This study examines the ethics of this practice using a national sample of 763 accounting practitioners, faculty and students. Possible determinants of the ethics of this practice such as perceived role of ethics and social responsibility, and personal moral philosophies (i.e. idealism and relativism) are explored. Results indicate a positive relationship between social responsibility, focus on long-term gains, idealism, and the ethical perception of earnings management and negative relationship between focus on short-term gains, relativism and the ethical perception of this practice. Implications for the accounting profession as it deals with the issue of earnings management are discussed.\n      </p>", "Business ethics is once again a hot topic as examples of improper business practices that violate commonly accepted ethical norms are brought to our attention. With the increasing number of scandals business schools find themselves on the defensive in explaining what they are doing to help respond to the call to teach \"more\" business ethics. This paper focuses on two issues germane to business ethics teaching efforts: the \"targeted output\" goals of teaching business ethics and when in the curriculum business ethics should be taught.\n      </p>", "This paper relates two experiences of teaching medical ethics, the first to a small group of clinical medical students, the second to a larger group of GP trainees.\n      </p>", "As part of an effort to improve the teaching of medical ethics in the College of Medicine, Lagos University two-day workshops were organised. Participants included people from various walks of life, for example politicians, lawyers, doctors, and patients. The workshops were quite successful, and have led to more extensive teaching of medical ethics in the college.\n      </p>", "Case-based, multidisciplinary seminars provided a vehicle for clinicians, philosophers and students to debate current problems in medical ethics in a manner which ensured maximum learning and interest for all participants. Prior training in philosophical medical ethics was an essential prerequisite, giving students the knowledge and skills to take part in the discussions at an appropriate level of sophistication.\n      </p>", "The study of business ethics has led to the development of various principles that are the foundation of good and ethical business practices. A corresponding study of Information Technology (IT) professionals' ethics has led to the conclusion that good ethics in the development and uses of information technology correspond to the basic business principle that good ethics is good business. Ergo, good business ethics practiced by IT professionals is good IT ethics and vice versa. IT professionals are professionals in businesses; a difficulty presented to these professionals, however, is the number and diversity of codes of ethics to which they may be held. Considering the existence of several formalized codes of ethics prepared by various IT professionals' associations, a more harmonized approach seems more reasonable. This paper attempts to present a review of the purpose of codes of ethics, the persons who should be covered by such codes and to organize codes of ethics for business in general and IT professionals in particular and to make the argument that, once again, good ethics is good business practice, regardless of the profession or occupation concerned.\n      </p>", "This paper responds to Dr Cassell's request for a fuller explanation of my argument in the paper, Against medical ethics: a philosopher's view. A distinction is made between two accounts of ethics in general, and the philosophical basis of health work ethics is briefly stated. The implications of applying this understanding of ethics to medical education are discussed.\n      </p>", "The recent corporate scandals in the United States have caused a renewed interest and focus on teaching business ethics. Business schools and their faculties are reexamining the teaching of business ethics and are reassessing their responsibilities to produce honest and truthful managers who live lives of integrity and ethical accountability. The authors recognize that no agreement exists among business schools and their faculties regarding what should be the content and pedagogy of a course in business ethics. However, the authors hold that regardless of one's biases regarding the content and pedagogy, the effective teaching of business ethics requires that the instructor in designing and delivering a business ethics course needs to focus particular attention on four principal questions: (1) what are the objectives or targeted learning outcomes of the course? (2) what kind of learning environment should be created? (3) what learning processes need to be employed to achieve the goals? and (4) what are the roles of the participants in the learning experience? The answers to these questions provide the foundations for any business ethics course. The answers are major determinants of the impact of a business ethics course on the thinking of students and the views on the ethical and professional accountabilities and responsibilities of managers in the workplace.\n      </p>", "The British Medical Association (BMA) has called upon the General Medical Council (GMC) to instruct all medical schools to provide identifiable and substantial courses on medical ethics in their undergraduate curricula. The author reviews a postgraduate scheme of study in the ethics of health-care and suggests that it could provide some useful guidelines for teaching the subject at the undergraduate level.\n      </p>", "While the practice of Western medicine is known today to doctors of all ethnic and religious groups, its standards are subject to the availability of resources. The medical ethics guiding each doctor is influenced by his/her religious or cultural background or affiliation, and that is where diversity exists. Much has been written about Jewish and Christian medical ethics. Islamic medical ethics has never been discussed as an independent field of ethics, although several selected topics, especially those concerning sexuality, birth control and abortions, have been more discussed than others. Islamic medical ethics in the 20th century will be characterised on the basis of Egyptian fat\u0101w\u0101 (legal opinions) issued by famous Muslim scholars and several doctors. Some of the issues discussed by Islamic medical ethics are universal: abortions, organ transplants, artificial insemination, cosmetic surgery, doctor-patient relations, etc. Other issues are typically Islamic, such as impediments to fasting in Ramadan, diseases and physical conditions that cause infringement of the state of purity, medicines containing alcohol, etc. Muslims' attitudes to both types of ethical issues often prove that pragmatism prevails and the aim is to seek a compromise between Islamic heritage and the achievements of modern medicine, as long as basic Islamic dogma is not violated.\n      </p>", "On 9 August 1994 the German legislature revised the German Drug Law (AMG). Included in the revision is a passage requiring, for the first time, that the sponsors and investigators of clinical studies involving human subjects first obtain the approval of an ethics committee before carrying out such studies. According to the legislation, which takes effect on 17 August 1995, approval is to come from 'an independent ethics committee, set up and administered according to state law [emphasis added]' (1). Although it is clear according to the text that the 16 federal states have been empowered to establish ethics committees within their jurisdictions, this does not mean that the state governments are free to transfer exclusive authority in the matter to their respective medical associations, a step that would effectively abolish Germany's private ethics committees. First, the legislation does not rule out the authorization of private ethics committees. Second, as legal scholars attest, the exclusive control of ethics committees by the medical associations would constitute an illegal monopoly. Third, it is arguable that medical-association ethics committees fail to meet the one prior federal requirement, that of independence. There is a great deal of confusion in Germany today about which kinds of ethics committees (public and/or private) the states will sanction before 17 August 1995. In an attempt to sort things out we present a brief explanation of how there came to be two kinds of ethics committees in Germany, review the legal battle between the two over the issue of authorization, point out how the German legislature, in passing the recent bill, has missed an opportunity to clarify the issue and, finally, suggest why the administration of ethics committees by the medical associations may be incompatible with the requirement that ethics committees be independent.\n      </p>", "The education of students and professionals in business ethics is an increasingly important goal on the agenda of business schools and corporations. The present study provides a meta-analysis of 25 previously conducted business ethics instructional programs. The role of criteria, study design, participant characteristics, quality of instruction, instructional content, instructional program characteristics, and characteristics of instructional methods as moderators of the effectiveness of business ethics instruction were examined. Overall, results indicate that business ethics instructional programs have a minimal impact on increasing outcomes related to ethical perceptions, behavior, or awareness. However, specific criteria, content, and methodological moderators of effectiveness shed light on potential recommendations for improving business ethics instruction. Implications for future research and practice in business ethics are discussed.\n      </p>", "Ethical concerns of Internet users continue to rise. Accordingly, several scholars have called for systematic empirical research to address these issues. This study examines the conceptualization and measurement of consumers' perceptions regarding the ethics of online retailers (CPEOR). Also, this research represents a first step into the analysis of the relationship between CPEOR, consumers' general Internet expertise and reported positive word of mouth (WOM). Results, from a convenience sample of 357 online shoppers, suggest that CPEOR can be operationalized as a second-order construct composed of four dimensions: security, privacy, fulfillment, and non-deception. Our findings also indicate that consumers' general Internet expertise significantly improves CPEOR and CPEOR are strongly predictive of consumers' WOM. Managerial and research implications are offered.\n      </p>", "This paper describes a presentation on ethics for accounting and business students. In 2001 and 2002, major corporate failures such as Enron and Worldcom, combined with questionable accounting practices, made ethics a paramount concern to persons working in business and accounting. While financial statement analysis and regulatory requirements are important technical topics, the issue of ethics provides faculty a unique and very appropriate setting to discuss deeper truths about doing business and living life well. This paper briefly describes the development and assessment of one approach to presenting ethics built around a computerized slide show (PowerPoint). The goal of the presentation is to increase students' understanding of the essential role of ethics to accounting and business. Following the presentation, students indicated a heightened recognition of the importance of ethics. Educators should do all that they can to encourage students to do the \"right\" thing, even in dicult circumstances. This encouragement may serve them well in school and later in their careers.\n      </p>", "There is a growing body of writing, for instance from the nursing profession, espousing an approach to ethics based on care. I suggest that this approach is hopelessly vague and that the vagueness is due to an inadequate analysis of the concept of care. An analysis of 'care' and related terms suggests that care is morally neutral. Caring is not good in itself, but only when it is for the right things and expressed in the right way. 'Caring' ethics assumes wrongly that caring is good, thus it can tell us neither what constitutes those right things, nor what constitutes the right way.\n      </p>", "A great deal of interest in codes of ethics exists in both the business community and the academic community. Within the academic community, this interest has given rise to a number of studies of codes of ethics. Many of these studies have focused on the content of various codes. One important way the study of codes of ethics can be advanced is by applying formal tools of analysis to codes of ethics. An understanding of important dimensions that may differ across codes of ethics, a common terminology to describe these dimensions, and a means to measure these dimensions will facilitate applying such tools. They will also facilitate discussion, enable comparisons, and advance our understanding of codes of ethics. The present paper describes a classification scheme to use in studying codes of ethics. This scheme uses six important dimensions to distinguish among codes of ethics: length, focus, level of detail, shape, thematic content, and tone. The paper also introduces metrics that can be used to measure the dimensions.\n      </p>", "The main purpose of this study is to explore and map the intellectual structure of business ethics studies during 1997\u20132006 by analyzing 85,000 cited references of 3,059 articles from three business ethics related journals in SSCI and SCI databases. In this article, co-citation analysis and social network analysis techniques are used to research intellectual structure of the business ethics literature. We are able to identify the important publications and the influential scholars as well as the correlations among these publications by analyzing citation and co-citation. Three factors emerged in this study are: (1) ethical/unethical decision making, (2) corporate governance and firm performance, and (3) ethical principles and code of conduct.\n      </p>", "In this paper we look at business ethics from a deontological perspective. We address the theory of ethical decision-making and deontological ethics for business executives and explore the concept of \"moral duty\" as transcending mere gain and profit maximization. Two real-world cases that focus on accounting fraud as the ethical conception. Through these cases, we show that while accounting fraud - from a consequentialist perspective - may appear to provide a quick solution to a pressing problem, longer term effects of fraud and misconduct make ethical implications more apparent. Widely used compensation schemes also may have the tendency to fuel unethical behavior. We argue that an ethical reinvigoration of the business world can only be accomplished by encouraging the business realm to impose upon itself some measure of self-regulating along the lines of deontological ethics. Principles of deontology should guide executive decision-making particularly when executives are tempted to operate outside of codified legislation or are bound to act under judicial-free conditions.\n      </p>", "Large organisations are especially advised to consider the possibility of an Ethics Helpdesk in which all employees and managers can report all suspected cases of unethical conduct, critical comments, dilemmas and advice for which there is insufficient room within the organisational hierarchy. A helpdesk is a central contact point where it is decided who the most appropriate person is to deal with a given case. The helpdesk model is characterised by low barriers in its easy accessibility, positive approach and the simple procedures employees need to follow. It offers employees consistent support while relying on the responsibilities of the individual employee as much as possible and it facilitates adequate monitoring and reporting. A helpdesk increases the chances of detecting unethical conduct which enables management to take adequate and timely measures against improper conduct. This article formulates principles, discusses critical factors and considers three models for adopting a sound and integrated ethics safety net. It also presents a case study and shows why organisational openness needs to be institutionalised.\n      </p>", "This study explores the ethical ideologies and ethical beliefs of African American consumers using the Forsyth ethical position questionnaire (EPQ) and the Muncy-Vitell consumer ethics questionnaire (MVQ). The two dimensions of the EPQ (i.e., idealism and relativism) were the independent constructs and the four dimensions of the MVQ (i.e., illegal, active, passive and no harm) were the dependent variables. In addition, this paper explores the consumer ethics of African Americans across four demographic factors (i.e., age, education, gender, and marital status). A sample of 315 African American consumers was used to explore these relationships. Results confirmed that consumers who score high on the idealism scale are more likely to reject questionable consumer activities, but there was no relationship between relativism and consumers' rejection of questionable activities. Older, more educated and married consumers rejected questionable activities more than younger, less educated and single consumers. Gender did not have any significant relationship to consumers' ethical orientation.\n      </p>", "This empirical study of Fortune 1000 firms assesses the degree to which those firms have adopted various practices associated with corporate ethics programs. The study examines the following aspects of formalized corporate ethics activity: ethics-oriented policy statements; formalization of management responsibilities for ethics; free-standing ethics offices; ethics and compliance telephone reporting/advice systems; top management and departmental involvement in ethics activities; usage of ethics training and other ethics awareness activities; investigatory functions; and evaluation of ethics program activities. Results show a high degree of corporate adoption of ethics policies, but wide variability in the extent to which these policies are implemented by various supporting structures and managerial activities. In effect, the vast majority of firms have committed to the low cost, possibly symbolic side of ethics management (e.g., adoption of ethics codes and policies, etc.). But firms differ substantially in their efforts to see that those policies or codes actually are put into practice.\n      </p>", "This paper discusses the extent to which books about business ethics are purchased or read outside of tertiary institutions in Australia, whether the subject is commonly perceived as business, philosophy or both, what range of business ethics books is commonly offered for purchase, and what conclusions might be drawn from the above considerations. Investigation shows that the range and availability of busienss ethics books is quite limited outside of tertiary institutions, and that the general perception is that business ethics is something which pertains specifically to business rather than to moral philosophy. It is likely that this tends to isolate the subject from philosophy as broadly conceived in the minds of business practitioners.\n      </p>", "Ethics in business and economics is often attacked for being too superficial. By elaborating the conclusions of two such critics of business ethics and welfare economics respectively, this article will draw the attention to the \"ethics behind\" these apparently well-intended, but not always convincing constructions, by help of the \"fundamental ethics\" of Emmanuel Levinas. To Levinas, responsibility is more basic than language, and thus also more basic than all social constructions. Cooperation relations in organizations, markets and value networks are generated from personal relations and personal responsibilities. It is not sufficient to integrate ethics in an impersonal, rational system, neither in business organizations nor in the world economy. Ethics has its source not in rationality, but in the personal.\n      </p>", "This paper reports the preliminary results from a semester-long ethics project at an AACSB accredited, regional comprehensive undergraduate school. This project culminated in an Ethics Awareness Week, which highlight a case study (Part B of this Journal) of the controversial EverQuest\u00ae multi-player online game. Issues of project planning and design are outlined, the dynamics of a business program-wide approach to ethics are social responsibility are presented, student survey results are presented and analyzed, and issues related to ongoing research are discussed. Nonparametric survey results indicate that the greatest effect in student's self reported enhanced understanding and interest in issues of business ethics is present when multiple pedagogical methods, e.g., case studies, lectures, assignments, and an Oxford-style debate, are applied by a number of faculty members over an extended (semester) time period. The paper concludes with a discussion of future research issues as well as a series of prescriptions for planning, organizing, and implementing such an extended activity.\n      </p>", "It is increasingly agreed that ethics has a place in undergraduate medical education. There is, however, debate about how it should be taught, and by whom. We present our experience of teaching ethics in a general practice module over six years. During this period there has been a shift from a teacher-centred to a student-centred approach in which students choose ethical issues to explore within a framework provided. The issues raised are discussed with examples, and the future directions of our ethics teaching outlined.\n      </p>", "Objectives \u2013 To report the outcome of applications to 43 research ethics committees. Setting \u2013 Four regional health authorities in England. Findings \u2013 The research ethics committees varied considerably in their practices. The time lapse until notification of the outcome of the approval ranged from just under one week to 23 weeks with a mean of 8\u00b76 weeks. Four research ethics committees failed to notify the research team of an outcome of their request for approval. Conclusion \u2013 A national research ethics committee is needed to review national and multi-location research studies in the light of the fragmented and variable practice of local research ethics committees.\n      </p>", "To incorporate medical ethics into clinical practice, it must first be understood and valued by health care professionals. The recognition of this principle led to an expanding and continuing educational effort by the ethics committee of the Vancouver General Hospital. This paper reviews this venture, including some pitfalls and failures, as well as successes. Although we began with consultants, it quickly became apparent that education in medical ethics must reach all health care professionals\u2014and medical students as well. Our greatest successes came in the formative years of a medical career (ie, in medical school and residency training programmes), but other efforts were not wasted, particularly among nurses and other health care professionals. Although this is a personal review of the experience in one institution, the lessons learnt in Vancouver are applicable to the further development of medical ethics in the UK.\n      </p>", "This article outlines the relation between Lugbara proverbs (the author has collected 936 of them) and ethics. The first part of the article considers the origin, the medium, and the message of Lugbara proverbs; the second part recalls the nature of ethics with some common approaches to it and compares them to Lugbara proverbs. The conclusion shows, among the rest, how Lugbara proverbs echo all sides of life, and thus they touch upon every aspect of ethics. At the same time, these proverbs are just a part of Lugbara literature and culture; therefore, a full vision of Lugbara ethics can only result from considering the entire scope of Lugbara life.\n      </p>", "Objective\u2014To investigate the views of specialists in occupational medicine about business ethics in occupational medicine. Method\u2014A qualitative study with face to face focus groups and successive reviews of the draft consensus was undertaken of all accredited specialists in occupational medicine who were members of the south Wales and west of England group of the Society of Occupational Medicine, and of all regional specialty advisers and deputies from the Faculty of Occupational Medicine. Results\u2014There was widespread agreement for the need of a code of business ethics. In all, during the four draft stages of preparing a consensus, 72% (28/39) of members of the south Wales and west of England group of the Society of Occupational Medicine, and 31% (20/64) of regional specialty advisers and deputies provided detailed comment for inclusion in it. Conclusions\u2014Consensus of their views was reached among study participants for issues of business ethics involving advertising, competence, qualifications, fees, commitment, changes in provider contracts, regulation, and supervision of trainees. It provides a basis for further debate.\n      </p>", "Arguments are advanced, on a pragmatic basis, for preferring a 'situational' approach to medical ethical problems, rather than an approach based on any one of the dogmatic formulations on offer. The consequences of such a preference are exemplified in relation to confidentiality; and in relation to the ethical dilemmas which surround the beginning and the end of terrestrial human life.\n      </p>", "The institutionalization of ethics and the direct influence of politics on how ethics bodies frame their opinions have been widely recognized and explored in the last few years. Less attention has been paid to what kind of normative instrument \"ethics\" as an institutional phenomenon has become in the State under the rule of law, and which institutional powers it has depended on. This paper analyzes the rise of ethics in the European Union context, where ethics, constructed as an isolated set of values, has been exploited for its symbolic capacity to evoke citizenship, has become quite formalized as to certain features, and has acquired the potential to redefine the traditional divisions of powers in the State under the rule of law.\n      </p>", "We critically evaluate the ways in which competence in medical ethics has been evaluated. We report the initial stage in the development of a relevant, reliable and valid intrument to evaluate core critical thinking skills in medical ethics. This instrument can be used to evaluate the impact of medical ethics education programmes and to assess whether medical students have achieved a satisfactory level of performance of core skills and knowledge in medical ethics, within and across institutions.\n      </p>", "Crucial to discussions in organisational ethics is an evaluation of the metaphors and models we use to understand the organisations we are discussing. I briefly defend this contention and evaluate three possible models: the current corporate model, an orchestrator model which puts hospitals in the same class as malls and airports, and a community model. I argue that the corporate and orchestrator model push to the background some important organisational ethics issues and bias us inappropriately towards certain solutions. Furthermore, I argue that the community model allows these to be more easily brought up. I also respond to the likely challenge that hospitals really are corporations by arguing that this is not relevant to evaluations of the appropriateness of the corporate model.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this paper is to examine the various guidelines presented in the literature for instituting an ethics curriculum and to empirically study their effectiveness. Three questions are addressed concerning the trainability of ethics material and the proper integration and implementation of an ethics curriculum. An empirical study then tested the effect of ethics training on moral awareness and reasoning. The sample consisted of two business classes, one exposed to additional ethics curriculum (experimental), and one not exposed (control). For the experimental group, ethics exercises and discussion relevant to each topic were completed. Findings suggested gender differences such that, relative to other groups, women in the experimental group showed significantly improved moral awareness and decision-making processes. An explanation of the underlying cognitive processes is presented to explain the gender effect.\n      </p>", "Psychotherapy is an activity which takes many forms and which has many aims. The present paper argues that it can be viewed as a form of moral suasion. Kant's concepts of free will and ethics are described and these are then applied to the processes and outcome of psychotherapy. It is argued that his ideas, by linking rationality, free will and ethics into a single philosophical system, offer a valuable theoretical framework for thinking about aims and ethical issues in psychotherapy.\n      </p>", "Ethics instructors often use cases to help students understand ethics within a corporate context, but we need to know more about the impact a case-based pedagogy has on students' ability to make ethical decisions. We used a pre- and post-test methodology to assess the effect of using cases to teach ethics in a finance course. We also wanted to determine whether recent corporate ethics scandals might have impacted students' perceptions of the importance and prevalence of ethics in business, so we used in-depth case studies of several of the major scandals (e.g., Enron, Tyco, Adelphia). Our results are somewhat surprising since studying ethics scandals positively impacts students' ethical decision making and their perceptions of the ethics of businesspeople.\n      </p>", "The approach to teaching employed in the Dictionary of Medical Ethics (1) provides a model which might be adopted in other media. Most of the 150 authors were medical, but many represented other disciplines, and they wrote for similar professionals and for the general public. Medical ethics is derived from medical science and practice, moral philosophy, sociology, theology, the law and other disciplines, all of which make essential, distinctive and complementary contributions to knowledge and to teaching. Medical practitioners must play the primary role, because they are responsible for clinical ethical decisions, but they need the co-operation and guidance of others. All who are concerned should work towards the development of a general moral consensus among the profession and public, which keeps abreast of scientific and technical advances and to which all are committed.\n      </p>", "This paper describes the change of emphasis that occurred in the teaching of ethics to small groups of clinical students. Although the original focus of the course was on the analysis of ethical dilemmas associated with individual patients known to the students, it soon became evident that there were, for the students themselves, more fundamental ethical dilemmas in their new role as clinical students. These included worries about how to respond when patients asked questions which their consultants had previously deceived them about, worries about inflicting pain on patients, as with intravenous cannulation, and the role of the medical student in the clinical team. We emphasise the need to explore student experiences as part of the process of ethics teaching.\n      </p>", "Teaching medical ethics to medical students in a pluralistic society is a challenging task. Teachers of ethics have obligations not just to teach the subject matter but to help create an academic environment in which well motivated students have reinforcement of their inherent good qualities. Emphasis should be placed on the ethical aspects of daily medical practice and not just on the dramatic dilemmas raised by modern technology. Interdisciplinary teaching should be encouraged and teaching should span the entire duration of medical studies. Attention should be paid particularly to ethical problems faced by the students themselves, preferably at the time when the problems are most on the students' minds. A high level of academic demands, including critical examination of students' progress is recommended. Finally, personal humility on the part of teachers can help set a good example for students to follow.\n      </p>", "Knowledge of the heterosexual spread of HIV is needed to plan future health-care needs. In December 1989 we gained approval and finance for unlinked anonymous testing of neonatal Guthrie card samples in Scotland. Local ethics committee approval was required before testing could start. Twenty ethics committees were approached in the 15 Scottish health board areas. Nineteen of the committees have agreed, representing 99.6 per cent of births in Scotland. Our method of contacting ethics committees is discussed, as are the points raised.\n      </p>", "RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POLICIES FOR ethical conduct of researchers have resulted in efforts to implement those policies through educational practices. While these policies and training efforts have good intentions, how do researchers respond? Little research has been conducted to understand how researchers react to ethics policies, and to ethics education requirements as a particularly salient part of the policies. This research explores variations in the responses of life scientists to policies originating in the U.K., E.U. and U.S., between 2000 and 2003. Semi-structured interviews with 30 life scientists in the U.K., Italy and the U.S. provide the basis for the findings. Across the interviews, scientists consistently reported dislike of the ways the ethics policies and ethics programs are implemented, but with variation by country. U.K. life scientists regarded the policies tied to Research Council (RC) funding with a skeptical attitude, expecting that policies would change with RC leadership. Italian life scientists often noted the lack of funding (and policies) at the national level, and appeared frustrated by what they viewed as overly complex policy requirements at the European level, where successful grantees employed outside consultants to complete the ethics sections of their applications. U.S. life scientists expressed distaste for the implementation of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) policy in web-based ethics training modules. This research suggests that introducing new shallow routines that are separate from daily research and educational practices in science may be worse than no ethics training at all, if it turns off young researchers to the discussion of ethical issues. Observing variation in scientists' discourse on ethics policies allows us to see how education following ethics policies might be more effective, and indicates that ethics policy formation more informed by empirical research is a desirable goal.\n      </p>", "Ethics committees are the most important practical instrument of clinical ethics in Belgium and fulfil three tasks: the ethical review of experimental protocols, advising on the ethical aspects of healthcare practice, and ethics consultation. In this article the authors examine the current situation of ethics committees in Belgium from the perspective of clinical ethics. Firstly, the most important steps which thus far have been taken in Belgium are examined. Secondly, recent opinion by the Belgian Advisory Committee on Bioethics with regard to ethics committees is presented and the activities of Belgian ethics committees are discussed. Finally, the option to bring research ethics and clinical ethics under the roof of just one committee is criticised using a pragmatic and a methodological argument. Concomitantly, the authors build an argument in favour of the further development of ethics consultation.\n      </p>", "Confucian ethics as applied to the study of business ethics often relate to the micro consideration of personal ethics and the character of a virtuous person. Actually, Confucius and his school have much to say about the morals of the public administration and the market institutions in a more macro level. While Weber emphasizes the role of culture on the development of the economy, and Marx the determining influence of the material base on ideology, we see an interaction between culture - specifically Confucian business ethics - and the economy. In this paper, we are going to study this interaction in several crucial stages of development of Confucianism. The paper concludes by postulating the relevance of Confucian business ethics to the global knowledge economy.\n      </p>", "Sociologists have not addressed directly the normative issues that constitute the core of medical ethics as an intellectual discipline. They have, however, contributed to a \"realist\" critique of medical ethics in practice. In regard to the institutionalization of \"autonomy\" around the principle of informed consent, they have noted widespread indifference on the part of patients, considerable variation among settings, and a persistent ability of physicians to deflect challenges to their authority. In regard to failed efforts to institutionalize \"justice,\" sociologists have noted both the difficulty physicians experience moving from individual clinical decisions to a recognition of the collective consequences of those decisions and the social structures that shape allocation decisions along dimensions orthogonal to ethical concerns. Most importantly, however, medical ethics is an arena in which sociologists can revisit, in new form, old issues about the doctor-patient relationship, the relationship between medicine and gender, the meaning of death and dying, and the character of medical professionalism.\n      </p>", "Objectives \u2013 To show that a Local Research Ethics Committee (LREC) can carry out an audit of ethical standards in research. To find out if a researcher met certain ethical standards in recruiting subjects for clinical trials and in obtaining their consent. Design \u2013 Postal questionnaire. Setting \u2013 Clinical research by one doctor during one year. Subjects \u2013 Eleven patients entered in clinical trials. Main outcome measures \u2013 Success in ethics committee obtaining data. Achievement of ethical standards in recruitment of subjects and in obtaining consent. Results \u2013 The audit was successfully carried out and standards were partly met. Conclusion \u2013 Local Research Ethics Committees can carry out audits of the conduct of research projects which they have approved. Provision for possible audits can be made at the time of application to the committee. Our committee thought the ethical standards in the research which we audited were acceptable.\n      </p>", "In 1944, Martin Crowe, a Catholic priest, wrote a doctoral dissertation titled The Moral Obligation of Paying Just Taxes. His dissertation summarized and analyzed 500 years of theological and philosophical debate on this topic, much of which took place in Latin. Since Crowe's dissertation, not much has been written on the topic of tax evasion from an ethical perspective, with a few exceptions. In 1998 and 1999, a few articles were published on the ethics of tax evasion in the Journal of Accounting, Ethics &amp; Public Policy. An edited book on this topic was published in 1998. The present paper summarizes, updates and expands on Crowe's work and the other more recent work that has been published on this topic. Three basic views on the ethics of tax evasion have emerged over the centuries. This article presents and critiques those three views and raises some questions about points that have not yet been explored in the literature.\n      </p>", "Although it is suggested that an important role for codes of ethics is to influence decision making, the little research into the impact of codes of ethics on decisions finds little impact. Insights from information economics help to explain this. If an individual will select (forego) the action that a code of ethics indicates to be ethical (unethical) in the absence of a code, then expressing that position in a code of ethics will have no impact on the action chosen. Even if the individual will select (forego) the action that a code of ethics indicates to be unethical (ethical) in the absence of a code, the presence of a statement in the code of ethics must cause the individual's beliefs to change enough so that he or she changes actions. This can be a fairly high obstacle. Enforcement provisions can increase the likelihood that an individual will select (forego) the action that a code of ethics indicates to be ethical (unethical). There are limits, however, as to how effective enforcement provisions can be. Therefore, although there may be other important goals for a code of ethics, having an impact on decision making is one that is often difficult to achieve.\n      </p>", "From a corporate governance perspective, one of the most important jobs of a firm's top management team is to create and maintain a positive moral environment. Business ethics has long been considered a cornerstone in the field of strategic management and a number of scholars have called for more research in this area over the years. In this paper 658 articles that appeared in \"Strategic Management Journal\" over the 10-year period between 1996 and 2005 are reviewed for business ethics focus and content. The results reveal that while business ethics research in \"Strategic Management Journal\" is on the rise, the overall focus on this research stream has been limited. The most prominent ethics theme during the review period was environmentalism, accounting for 30% of all ethics articles. Author affiliations, future research directions, and implications are also discussed.\n      </p>", "Emmanuel Levinas argues that Heidegger's ontology, and the ethics it entails, fall short because while Dasein relates to the Other as being, Dasein fails to care for the Other as a \"pure individual\" Heidegger's preoccupation with Being, Levinas thinks, diverts Heidegger's attention from the empirical, ethical claim made by the Other. On the political front, some argue that Heidegger's preoccupation with Being gives rise to political forces of nationalism and totalitarian politics. I argue that Heidegger's philosophy prepares the way for an alternative approach to ethics. Expressed in the way that Dasein comes-to-presence are the ontological relationships that reveal Dasein's ethical being-with-one-another. However, I contend that Heidegger's ontology becomes ethically complete when Derrida's notion of differance is added to the analysis. On my reading, Derrida's differance does not efface Heidegger's existential analytic of Dasein, but rather differance furthers the ethical insight revealed in Dasein's disclosure through the process of presencing-absencing. Interpreting differance in light of Heidegger's understanding of presencing-absencing reveals the ethical significance in language, extends ethical responsibility to the Other, and deepens Heidegger's notion of dwelling. In addition, such a reading helps guard against the pernicious political possibilities some find in Heidegger's philosophy.\n      </p>", "This paper highlights the potential harms in the current state of business ethics education and presents an alternative new model of business ethics education. Such potential harms in business ethics education is due largely to restricted cognitive level of reasoning, a limited level of ethical conduct which remains only responsive and adaptive, and the estrangement between strategic thinking and ethical thinking. As a remedy for business ethics education, denatured by these potential harms, a new dynamic model of business ethics education is proposed. The new model is composed of a basic foundation for business ethics education and three practical components of business ethics education. The basic foundation comprises of ethical reasoning, moral sentiments, and ethical praxis. Three practical components of business ethics education are, respectively, to intensify moral imagination, to develop ethical wisdom and courage, and to enhance meta-strategic competences. The ultimate purpose of these practical components is to help moral subjects to conduct ethical leadership, to actualize integrity between individuals and organization, and to fulfill the social responsibility of business firms. This new model is expected to attract attention to the effective business ethics education both in college and in industry, and to be used as a benchmark for new curriculum designs and development of teaching methods. Finally, some teaching methodologies and pedagogical experiments are introduced and discussed according to this new model of business ethics education.\n      </p>", "Statisticians in medicine can disagree on appropriate methodology applicable to the design and analysis of clinical trials. So called Bayesians and frequentists both claim ethical superiority. This paper, by defining and then linking together various dichotomies, argues there is a place for both statistical camps. The choice between them depends on the phase of clinical trial, disease prevalence and severity, but supremely on the ethics underlying the particular trial. There is always a tension present between physicians primarily obligated to their own patients (the weight of 'individual ethics') and ethical committees responsible for the scientific merit of the trial and its long-term implications ('collective ethics'). Individual ethics, it is proposed, favour the Bayesian approach; collective ethics, the frequentist. Though in some situations the choice appears clear-cut, there remain others where both methodologies can be appropriate.\n      </p>", "As global business operations expand, managers need more knowledge of foreign cultures, in particular, information on the ethics of doing business across borders. The purpose of this paper is twofold: (1) to share the Islamic perspective on business ethics, little known in the west, which may stimulate further thinking and debate on the relationships between ethics and business, and (2) to provide some knowledge of Islamic philosophy in order to help managers do business in Muslim cultures. The case of Egypt illustrates some divergence between Islamic philosophy and practice in economic life. The paper concludes with managerial implications and suggestions for further research.\n      </p>", "This article examines the question of whether it is ethical for company officials to use the force of government to reduce or eliminate foreign competition, using the antidumping laws as a case study. This article begins with a brief examination of the U.S. antidumping laws and then examines several ethical questions related to the antidumping laws. The main question to be addressed is whether, and under what circumstances, it is ethical for domestic producers to ask government to launch an antidumping investigation against a foreign competitor. Related questions to be examined include (1) Whether it is ethical to ask the government to launch an antidumping investigation even when the domestic company making the request knows that dumping has not occurred; (2) Whether it is ethical to ask for an antidumping investigation in cases where dumping (according to the definition of dumping) has occurred, where the effect is to help domestic producers at the expense of the general public. This article examines these questions by applying both utilitarian and non-utilitarian approaches.\n      </p>", "China now manufactures or assembles over 50% of the world's products. However, the world has been reeling from daily accounts of defective \"Made in China\" products. China has been at the forefront of growing concern, not only about its products and enterprises, but also about its business ethics. This article analyzes recent events connected with the Made in China label from the perspective of evolving Chinese business ethics. Part 1 analyzes three of these events. Part 2 details and analyzes the state of business ethics in China today. Part 3 concludes by exploring the future of business ethics in China. The main conclusion is that business ethics in China faces two kinds of ethical challenges: how to restrict the lawless in as short a period of time as possible and how to protect and advance the interests of employees, investors, and the public through corporate management and public administration.\n      </p>", "In this article it is argued that there are notable parallels between all of the different strands within ethics on the one hand, and accountancy on the other that, in teaching, can be drawn upon to enhance students' understanding of the latter. Accountancy, part of economics, draws on utilitarian ethics, but not solely so. Accounting, in addition, draws on deontological and communitarian strands in ethics. The article suggests that the teaching of accounting - especially to non-economists - would benefit substantially from highlighting and developing these parallels.\n      </p>", "As more women enter the work force and assume management positions in corporations, increasing attention is being given to employment diversity. In addition, studies suggest that females have more propensity for ethics than males. However, these results may be debatable and limited data are available to substantiate these claims or assess gender differences among employees. Ethics codes can aid in supporting policies and enhancing corporate diversity. To assist one company in the development of an ethics code, a survey of 4005 employees in one U.S. corporation was conducted to ascertain their opinions of the ethical environment of the company. The survey used the Ethics Environment Questionnaire (EEQ), consisting of twenty items on a 5-point Likert-type scale; reliability on Cronbach's alpha was 0.94. Response rate was 50%, with the sample paralleling the population in proportion of males and females. Respondents reported a profile of 3.18 out of the high of 5.0, but with several significant differences between the male and female employees, including differences on education and position. Males were more in agreement than females that the firm had an ethical environment. On some items, however, males and females were in strong agreement. Comparisons to prior studies were drawn, including suggestions for ways corporations could use an ethics survey to tailor in-service training, enhance diversity in the work force, and support the development of an ethics code.\n      </p>", "Some practical problems in the teaching of ethics to medical students are described. The definition of the objectives of the course remains the central aspect, and is more important than the specific content. The use of student projects, buzz groups, case histories and discussion points is described. There is a need for student assessment or examination at the end of the course. The teachers require a broad background in philosophy, clinical medicine and teaching skills. The learning of the teachers may be as important as that of the students.\n      </p>", "Ethics and the moral obligations of management were an accepted component in the planning process during the early development of Corporate Strategy as a field of study. It is proposed that ethics must be brought back into that planning process in order to build trust on the part of all of the stake-holders of the firm. Trust generates commitment. Commitment ensures effort, and effort that is cooperative, innovative and strategically directed is essential for success in a competitive global economy. Ethics should be central, not peripheral, to the overall management of the firm.\n      </p>", "For some time, clinical ethics committees (CECs) have been a prominent feature of hospitals in North America. Such committees are less common in the United Kingdom and Europe. Focusing on the UK, this paper evaluates why CECs have taken so long to evolve and assesses the roles that they should play in health care policy and clinical decision making. Substantive and procedural moral issues in medicine are differentiated, the former concerning ethicolegal principles and their paradigmatic application to clinical practice and the latter dealing with how such application should be negotiated in the face of disagreement and/or uncertainty. It will be argued that the role of CECs is both substantive and procedural. Provided that they do not overstep their appropriate moral and professional boundaries, CECs will be shown to have an important and positive function in improving hospital care within the UK and elsewhere.\n      </p>"], "words": {"all": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "code": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consider": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assembles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lack": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "four": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "religious": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "issues": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "violate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "normative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 53, "prob": 0.0004389070386610851}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teaching": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presentation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virtuous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "very": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "perceived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transmission": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standards": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "deals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "enhance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "force": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "occurrence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "core": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "guidelines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "direct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "second": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "design": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perspective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "even": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sub": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marketed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "availability": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitudes": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "above": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conduct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "falling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "degree": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exchange": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "component": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australia,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "china": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "represented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consideration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "great": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "larger": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commonly": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "controversy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "criticism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tasks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "private": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addressed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moral": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "subjectivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tertiary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "confidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "takes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "two": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "governance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "today": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "company": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "curriculum": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "occurred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faculty,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cases": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "room": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "values": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nursing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "providers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggestions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "topic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purchased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "needs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statisticians": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maps": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methodology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "earnings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widespread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "map": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advice": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "philosophy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "educational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entrepreneurship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explored": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 68, "prob": 0.0005631260118670525}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "purchase,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "third": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agenda": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "help": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hierarchy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "argues": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ethic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accepted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "group": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "how": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "personal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highlights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hot": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "might": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anthropology,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "good": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schools": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "now": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outlines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "university": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "micro": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "domain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "doing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "principles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "our": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sociological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "internet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medicine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evaluation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foundation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dictionary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disagree": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "necessarily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enlightened": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "likelihood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "training": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "british": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "place": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "relate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "done": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "directly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "little": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ancient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practitioners": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "relations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "needed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "too": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "doctors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "norms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professionals": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "critically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 50, "prob": 0.0004140632440198916}, "organisations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "have": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "need": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "academic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "self": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heterosexual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "build": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "objective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arguing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "african": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extending": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preliminary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 111, "prob": 0.0009192204017241594}, "morality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "especially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "dimension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "researchers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cultures,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "senior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "normally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "laws": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incorporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obligations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accounting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "find": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ground": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "written": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "employed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "awareness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hiv": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "years": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dr": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shaping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "committees": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "legislation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "exists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intelligence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frame": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "officials": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "college": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "discussions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "conceptual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drawn": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "approach": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parallels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "agencies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reassesses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "finds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "extent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "point": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "improper": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maximize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instituting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organisational": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "undergraduate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "political": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "strategy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "context,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "borders": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organisations,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understand": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "external": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systematic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "jobs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suspected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "look": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particular,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "perspective,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employees": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "economics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "prevalence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 24, "prob": 0.00019875035712954797}, "confucian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 41, "prob": 0.00033953186009631113}, "foreign": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "management,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "member": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shifts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arguments": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "events": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "week": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outside": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associations,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reporting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "norwegian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "viewing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "codes": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "recent": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "task": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "person": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "position": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporate": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "drawing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "bodies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opinions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "questions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differentiation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alternative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discipline": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "renewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conclusions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "character": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instrument": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "real": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "government": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "read": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instructors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "know": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "belgium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "groups,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prominent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effectiveness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fortune": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "works": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "deal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "understood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questionnaire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scandals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "avoid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "continue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eliminate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "business": {"number": 25, "prob": 0.0002070316220099458}, "marketing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "notable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "manufactures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 20, "prob": 0.00016562529760795664}, "about": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 96, "prob": 0.0007950014285181919}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efforts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discusses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "scholarship,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "metaphors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "executives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considerations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managers": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "into": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "within": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "intellectual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appropriate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "utility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clinical": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "resulted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyze": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "construction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promote": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "constitute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monopoly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "attached": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "books": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beliefs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "certain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "an": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "examine": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "exist": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "at": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "relates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "politics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "as": {"number": 20, "prob": 0.00016562529760795664}, "again": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expand,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trials": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "users": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "sociologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assume": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "having": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decision": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "once": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}