{"total_words": 1569, "documents": ["Europe is being re-defined as a result of the combined effects of a complex set of processes. What sort of Europe is emerging from them? What criteria are being deployed to define Europe, Europeans and Europeanness and their respective boundaries? Such questions are considered via exploring a number of themes about and through Europe. They centre on the ways in which, and criteria by which, geo-political and economic spaces in Europe have been defined and divided. These practical cartographic processes are linked to changes in systems of, and the construction of new scales of, governance and regulation. As both supra-nationalism and the emergence of an EU 'super-state' and sub-nationalisms challenged the authority of the national state, new multi-scalar complex systems of governance and regulation resulted. These in turn are related to questions of singular and multiple identities, discussing these in the context of the possibilities for the emergence of a European civil society. Recognizing that the future map of Europe will not be determined by Europeans alone, the legacies of the division within Europe between NATO, the Warsaw Pact and neutral states and implications of the neo-imperialist geo-political ambitions of the USA state and military-industrial complex are then explored. Finally, some conclusions are drawn.\n      </p>", "European nations are undergoing rapid and fundamental changes in response to social, political and economic events that are occurring both within and outside the region. These changes are far-reaching in scope and, ultimately, are expected to result in a redefinition of \"Europe\" and what it means to be \"European.\" Using the author's extensively pre-tested Index of Social Progress (ISP), the research reported in this paper: 1) identifies the major changes in social development that have taken place in 36 European nations since 1970; 2) contrasts Europe's recent social development trends with those of other major world regions (including Asia, Africa, Latin and North America, and Oceania); 3) using aggregate scores on the Weighted Index of Social Progress (WISP), identifies Europe's \"social leaders\" (SLs), \"middle performing countries\" (MPCs), identifies Europe's \"social leaders\" (SLs), \"middle performing countries\" (MPCs), and \"socially least developing countries\" (SLDCs); 4) identifies the major development challenges confronting Europe at the outset of a new decade; and 5) provides baseline data against which future developments in the region may be assessed.\n      </p>", "We tested six hypotheses to explain expected geographical differences in body masses of 1,771 brown bears (Ursus arctos) from northern and southern Europe (Sweden and Norway compared with Slovenia and Croatia): Bergmann's rule, the fasting endurance hypothesis, and the dietary meat hypothesis, which predicted larger bears in the north; and hypotheses stressing the role of high primary productivity, high population density, low seasonality, and length of the growing season, which predicted larger bears in the south. Although brown bear populations in North America vary greatly in body mass, we found no significant difference in body mass between the two European populations using a new analytical approach incorporating modeled age-standardized body masses in linear models, when correcting for sex and season. The greater variation in North America may be due primarily to the presence of large bears that feed on salmon (Oncorhynchus spp.), which does not occur in Europe. Asymptotic body masses were 115 \u00b1 9 (SE) kg in spring and 141 \u00b1 9 kg in autumn for southern females, 248 \u00b1 25 and 243 \u00b1 24 kg for southern males, 96 \u00b1 2 and 158 \u00b1 4 kg for northern females, and 201 \u00b1 4 and 273 \u00b1 6 kg for northern males, respectively. Northern bears gained more body mass before hibernation and lost more during hibernation than southern bears, probably because hibernation was twice as long in the north. Northern bears gained and southern bears lost mass during the spring, perhaps due to the greater availability and use of protein-rich food in spring in the north. As reproductive success in bears is correlated with adult female body mass in interpopulation comparisons, brown bears may have relatively similar reproductive rates throughout Europe, although minimum age at primiparity and litter interval are lower in the south.\n      </p>", "In the northern North Atlantic off Europe, deep convection flushes buoyancy and heat out of the upper ocean each winter. It is replaced by horizontal advection during the remainder of the year. Absolute geostrophic currents can be computed from an application of the heat conservation equation. A remarkable spiral with depth emerges as a key feature in the process. The computed field of flow appears to be consistent with several buoyancy and heat flux requirements, with the independent physical information of locally vanishing curl of the wind-stress, and with its implications through the Sverdrup relation.\n      </p>", "The total number of brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Europe is presently about 50,000 (about 14,000 outside Russia), within an area of more than 2.5 million km&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt; (800,000 km&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt; outside Russia). About 37,500 bears are found in the northeastern European population; 8,100 in the Carpathian Mountains; 2,800 in the Alps-Dinaric-Pindos; 1,000 in Scandinavia; 520 in the Rila-Rhodope Mountains; 200 in the Stara Planina Mountains; 50-65 in the western Cantabrian Mountains; 40-80 in Apennine Mountains; 20 in the eastern Cantabrian Mountains; 6 in the Western Pyrenees; 5 in the Central Pyrenees; and 4 in the southern Alps. The brown bear is either a protected or game species in all of the countries discussed in this paper. Most countries manage the brown bear at the national level, although several ministries are often involved. All European countries with bears within their national borders (except Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Yugoslav Federation) have signed the Bern Convention; almost half have prepared, or are preparing, a management plan for brown bears. In addition, most countries engage in monitoring, research, information dissemination, and conservation activities. In areas where bear range includes human settlements, damage to livestock, orchards, and beehives occurs but, in most countries, stakeholders are compensated for damage, either by the state, regional government, or hunter clubs. In 1995-96 about 1.15 million US$ was paid to compensate such damage throughout Europe.\n      </p>", "On the basis of 8697 relev\u00e9s a syntaxonomical survey of beech woods of central and western Europe is presented. The review table is restricted to beech and fir-beech communities in mesic habitats (without Luzulo- and Cephalanthero-Fagenion). It shows 11 groups of differential species. Their combination leads to 4 suballiances of Fagion: Endymio-, Scillo-, Galio odorati- and Lonicero alpigenae-Fagenion. For each suballiance the nomenclatural type and a short description is given.\n      </p>", "A survey is given of the floristic composition and geographical distribution of limestone grasslands assigned to the Mesobromion erecti, in Western Europe. This survey is based upon 800 vegetation relev\u00e9s from various investigators throughout the area. Relevant tables have been summarized into a synoptic table with 30 columns. Each column represents a community described as an association or a subassociation. The synoptic table shows a division into a NW European group (Ireland, England, Denmark, and South Sweden) and a Central-W European group (Germany, The Netherlands, Belgium, France, and Switzerland). Associations belonging to the former have, as a rule, a smaller distribution area than the latter. In the latter group only two associations can be distinguished: Mesobrometum erecti and Antherico-Brometum ass. nov. The Mesobrometum is widespread and includes many subassociations. The Antherico-Brometum shows a transition towards the Xerobromion erecti. According to Barkman et al., (1976) the often used name Gentiano-Koelerietum has to be seen as a not-correct synonym for the Mesobrometum erecti. The Mesobromion grasslands can, in general, not be divided based upon their agricultural management system. An attempt is made to interpret the gradual transition in floristic composition of the limestone grasslands from NW to SE, with climatological data.\n      </p>", "Archaeobotanical investigations show that during the Roman occupation a large number of foods was introduced into Central Europe, though these did not replace any of the traditional foods. Many of these new additions were incorporated into the local food-producing system and became part of the local menu, offering a wider variety of foods and tastes than before. While they represented luxuries at the very start of the Roman occupation, they lost this status later on. Other foods, however, could not be grown locally, or only with considerable effort, and these remained true luxuries. They comprise rice, chickpea, gourd, black pepper, pistachio, almond, pine kernel, date, pomegranate, olive, melon and, to some extent, peach. Remarkably, figs were quite common.\n      </p>", "The paper analyses the geographical pattern(s) of road mortality in western Europe for three standard levels of data aggregation. A new adjusted road mortality ratio is proposed. Unlike most mortality ratios, the standardization uses population density rather than age and sex. The hypothesis to be tested is that changes in the level of spatial aggregation of the data produce significant differences in the values of some basic descriptive statistics, and hence in operational conclusions. The paper shows that population density works as a proxy for structural factors that may be difficult to change by policies and that working with 264 regions confirms the north-south divergences in terms of road safety in Europe but also stresses the local or regional differences due to political, geographical, economic, environmental and statistical disparities. Safe countries include unsafe regions, and there are safe regions in unsafe countries. Decision makers should be aware of this when comparing countries.\n      </p>", "We report here on the direct isotopic evidence for Neanderthal and early modern human diets in Europe. Isotopic methods indicate the sources of dietary protein over many years of life, and show that Neanderthals had a similar diet through time (\u2248 120,000 to \u2248 37,000 cal BP) and in different regions of Europe. The isotopic evidence indicates that in all cases Neanderthals were top-level carnivores and obtained all, or most, of their dietary protein from large herbivores. In contrast, early modern humans (\u2248 40,000 to \u2248 27,000 cal BP) exhibited a wider range of isotopic values, and a number of individuals had evidence for the consumption of aquatic (marine and freshwater) resources. This pattern includes Oase 1, the oldest directly dated modern human in Europe (\u224840,000 cal BP) with the highest nitrogen isotope value of all of the humans studied, likely because of freshwater fish consumption. As Oase 1 was close in time to the last Neanderthals, these data may indicate a significant dietary shift associated with the changing population dynamics of modern human emergence in Europe.\n      </p>", "In the debate about sacred mountains, authors often voice the opinion that sacredness is endangered by, or even lost under the influence of, modern economic and social development. But how legitimate is it to generalize this assumption or assessment? The present article shows that, in the case of Europe, history has proceeded in the opposite direction: here, one can observe clear indications of a sacralization process during the modem era, while in earlier periods mountains had much less religious significance. This paper first demonstrates that there are signs of an increase in the sense of the sacredness of mountains in Europe, in both religious and non-religious domains since the 16th century; it then places this development in the context of the particular Christian tradition and its redefinition during the modern age of economic and intellectual modernization. The evidence is taken mainly from the Alpine area.\n      </p>", "In this paper we conduct descriptive aggregate analyses to revisit the relationship of low and lowest-low period fertility to cohort fertility and key fertility-related behaviour such as leaving the parental home, marriage, and women's labour force participation. Our analyses show that the cross-country correlations in Europe between total fertility and the total first marriage rate, the proportion of extramarital births, and the labour force participation of women reversed during the period from 1975 to 1999. By the end of the 1990s there was also no longer evidence that divorce levels were negatively associated with fertility levels. We argue that lowest-low fertility has been particularly associated with a `falling behind' of cohort fertility at higher birth orders and later ages. From these analyses we conclude that the emergence of lowest-low fertility during the 1990s was accompanied by a disruption or even a reversal of many well-known relationships that have been used to explain cross-country differences in fertility patterns.\n      </p>", "The present study provides a survey of the variability, distribution, ecology and other features of Taraxacum (sect. Spectabilia) nordstedtii Dahlst. in central Europe. Chromosome counts (hexaploid chromosome number - 2n = 48 - has been confirmed) of the species are also given. A lectotype has been chosen of the syntypes. It is pointed out that T. nordstedtii is likely to occur in Austria, Bavaria and Poland.\n      </p>", "Variation in 23 measurements of skulls of Martes martes from 15 populations covering most of the range of distribution in Europe indicates the existence of a north-south gradient of increasing skull size. Skulls of M. foina from 13 populations increase in size from west to east. Geographic variation in sexual dimorphism is not significant in the two species. Arrangement of samples by discriminant analysis, which was used to examine overall phenetic variation, reflects the geographic origin of the samples. Multiple regression of morphologic and climatic principal components shows a strong relationship between skull width and climate, especially in M. foina. Patterns of variation in sympatric and allopatric samples and variation in relative size between species within their area of sympatry suggest no character displacement between species. Phylogenetic and ecologic differences appear to be the main reasons for distinct patterns of geographic variation found in the two species, despite their apparent morphologic similarities.\n      </p>", "The sediment mass balance equation is the fundamental concept which underpins most sediment budget studies in cold climate environments. In these environments the interchange between water and ice plays a predominant geomorphological role. Such environments show a large variety of geomorphic processes which are conditioned by both contemporary environmental conditions but also the legacy of past events. In the northern Europe/Arctic fringe these cold regions are distributed in a fragmented fashion and are likely to be very sensitive to climate change scenarios. The significance of such changes for sediment transfer can only be established if we have good contemporary process understanding, the necessary tools to carefully monitor and model such changes, and can apply such methods at appropriate scales which integrate both sediment sources and sinks.\n      </p>", "Seligeria oelandica is reported as new to Central Europe, where it occurs in Slovensk\u00fd raj in the West Carpathians, Czechoslovakia. The species is described and illustrated from material collected in this locality. A map of its European distribution is given, together with a full list of specimens examined.\n      </p>", "Major dimensions of ecological segregation of tree species in cool temperate Europe and E North America appear related to (a) soil pH, (b) large scale 'succession' including topographic sequences of changing moisture stress, and (c) intolerance versus tolerance of canopy competition as involved in 'gap-phase' dynamics. Genera tend to have similar average positions along these dimensions in the two subcontinents. E North American genera that were probably never present in Europe, and the few opposites, tend to be southern and are concentrated on dry or basic soil. The cause of this trend may involve the isolated expansions of dry climatic areas since the early Tertiary. E North American genera that became extinct in Europe after the mid-Pliocene are typical of habitat intermediate between dry-acid and moist-basic, though generally more moist-acid than dry-basic. These genera also have few species and little overall habitat width. Severe restrictions of their habitats may have occurred. Also, difficulties of migration to and from refugia are suggested by the generally heavier seed of extinct genera and those with strongly southern ranges in Europe or with few species compared to E North America. This relationship is apparent within small winged, medium fleshy and large nutty fruit classes. However, there is little difference in geographic restriction between these classes. Carpinus, Alnus, Corylus, Taxus, Pyrus and Sorbus reach 100-1000% greater height in Europe. There are no opposing differences of this magnitude. These trees may be ecological substitutes for extinct Liriodendron, Liquidambar, Carya, Tsuga + Thuja, Diospyros, and a group with smaller fleshy fruits, respectively. There are other intrageneric differences in height, seed weight, niche width, longevity, etc., that deserve further attention.\n      </p>", "We applied the techniques of spatial autocorrelation (SA) analysis to 40 cancer mortality distributions in Western Europe. One of the aims of these methods is to describe the scale over which spatial patterns of mortalities occur, which may provide suggestions concerning the agents bringing about the patterns. We analyzed 355 registration areas, applying one- and two-dimensional SA as well as local SA techniques. We find that cancer mortalities are unusually strongly spatially structured, implying similar spatial structuring of the responsible agents. The small number of spatial patterns (4 or 5) in the 40 cancer mortalities suggests there are fewer spatially patterned agents than the number of cancers studied. SA present in variables will bias the results of conventional statistical tests applied to them. After correcting for such bias, some pairwise correlations of cancer mortality distributions remain significant, suggesting inherent, epidemiologically meaningful correlations. Local SA is a useful technique for exploring epidemiological maps. It found homogeneous high overall cancer mortalities in Denmark and homogeneous low mortalities in southern Italy, as well as a very heterogeneous pattern for ovarian cancer in Ireland.\n      </p>", "Acute intestinal infections still constitute one of the leading causes of death in the world and a major cause of morbidity in Europe. Unfortunately, most European countries do not have an information system oriented towards acute intestinal infection surveillance. The present work is an analysis of cases of typhoid fever, Salmonellosis, Shigellosis, foodborne infections, and acute gastroenteritis reported from January 1980 to December 1985. Data from 24 of the 33 countries belonging to WHO Regional Office for Europe (EURO-WHO) were considered. Data for 1980 and 1981 were taken from World Health Organization statistics, while data for 1982-85 were taken from bulletins sent to EURO-WHO and WHOCCHDS by individual countries. Data was entered in an IBM 4341 computer system and a data base was organized using a general purpose inquiry language (IBM's APLDI). Rates per 100,000 were calculated using as a denominator 1983 WHO official population figures. The quality of the data is a great problem, as the only available sources of information are official national reports which underestimate the actual incidence of diseases. For typhoid fever, Mediterranean countries show much higher incidences than the rest of Europe, although a decreasing trend can be seen for all European countries. We estimate that the data for typhoid fever, Salmonellosis and Shigellosis are reliable, while reports of foodborne infections and acute gastroenteritis represent only a very small percentage of the actual number of cases.\n      </p>", "The reported low mortality rate from coronary heart disease in Portugal, Spain, Italy, Greece, and France, to a lesser extent, has been attributed in numerous nutritional studies to the consumption of a Mediterranean-type diet. There are still many unresolved issues about the direct causal effect of the Mediterranean dietary regime on low incidence of coronary heart disease. An analysis of coronary heart disease mortality rates in Europe from a latitudinal gradient perspective has shown to have a close correlation to incident solar radiation. It is surmised that the resulting increased in situ biosynthesis of Vitamin D\u2083 could be the critical missing confounder in the analysis of the beneficial health outcome of the Mediterranean diet.\n      </p>", "This review explores contemporary processes through which immigrants are categorized into shifting racial landscapes in the new Europe. Tracing the racial genealogy of the immigrant through European and Europeanist migration studies, the successive construction of overlapping tropes of the nomad, the laborer, the uprooted victim, the hybrid cosmopolite, and the (Muslim) transmigrant are examined. This history points to the perduring problematization of the immigrant as the object of national integration. If migration studies have effectively tended to racialize migrants into a new savage slot, recent ethnographies of the immigrant experience in Europe point to ways in which immigrant and diasporic groups cross racial frontiers and enact solidarity across class and cultural lines.\n      </p>", "Cattle domestication from wild aurochsen was among the most important innovations during the Neolithic agricultural revolution. The available genetic and archaeological evidence points to at least two major sites of domestication in India and in the Near East, where zebu and the taurine breeds would have emerged independently. Under this hypothesis, all present-day European breeds would be descended from cattle domesticated in the Near East and subsequently spread during the diffusion of herding and farming lifestyles. We present here previously undescribed genetic evidence in contrast with this view, based on mtDNA sequences from five Italian aurochsen dated between 7,000 and 17,000 years B.P. and &gt; 1,000 modern cattle from 51 breeds. Our data are compatible with local domestication events in Europe and support at least some levels of introgression from the aurochs in Italy. The distribution of genetic variation in modern cattle suggest also that different south European breeds were affected by introductions from northern Africa. If so, the European cattle may represent a more variable and valuable genetic resource than previously realized, and previous simple hypotheses regarding the domestication process and the diffusion of selected breeds should be revised.\n      </p>", "This paper seeks to explore the challenge of studying geographies of Eastern Europe in Western Europe. It reflects on the growing relationships -- imagined and material -- between Eastern and Western Europe and engages in contemporary debates over 'relational geographies' to make a case for geographies which imagine our plural, European spatial connections, which connect different parts of the continent and which encourage the re-examination and renegotiation of ideas across East and West in the post-Cold War world. In these ways, the paper borrows from postcolonial frameworks and the ongoing reassessment of area studies to call for studies of Eastern and Western Europe which reinvigorate our 'sense of Europe'.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the measurement of infant mortality in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). There are worrying indications that official infant mortality counts, based on administrative data, may understate the true gravity of the problem in 15 countries in the region, including 11 out of 12 CIS countries, and 4 countries in South Eastern Europe. In the case of eight CIS countries in the Caucasus and Central Asia plus Romania, the evidence is strongest, not least because survreys that allow independent estimation of infant mortality have been carried out there. In the case of the remaining six countries, the evidence is more circumstantial, and based on inconsistencies within the official data themselves, combined with information on how live births are defined. However, we find also that surveys are rather blunt instruments, and that the confidence intervals that surround estimates from these surveys are often large.\n      </p>", "The documented acceleration of NH3 and $NO_x (NO + NO_2)$ emissions over the last 150 years has accelerated N deposition, compromising air and water quality and altering the functioning of terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems worldwide. To construct continental-scale N budgets, we produced maps of N deposition fluxes from site-network observations for the United States and Western Europe. Increases in the rates of N cycling for these two regions of the world are large, and they have undergone profound modification of biospheric-atmospheric N exchanges, and ecosystem function. The maps are necessarily restricted to the network measured quantities and consist of statistically interpolated fields of aqueous NO3 - and NH4 +, gaseous HNO3 and NO2 (in Europe), and particulate NO3 - and NH4 +. There remain a number of gaps in the budgets, including organic N and NH3 deposition. The interpolated spatially continuous fields allow estimation of regionally integrated budget terms. Dry-deposition fluxes were the most problematic because of low station density and uncertainties associated with exchange mechanisms. We estimated dry N deposition fluxes by multiplying interpolated surface-air concentrations for each chemical species by model-calculated, spatially explicit deposition velocities. Deposition of the oxidized N species, by-products of fossil-fuel combustion, dominate the U.S. N deposition budget with 2.5 Tg of $NO_y -N$ out of a total of 3.7-4.5 Tg of N deposited annually onto the conterminous United States. Deposition of the reduced species, which are by-products of farming and animal husbandry, dominate the Western European N-deposition budget with a total of 4.3-6.3 Tg N deposited each year out of a total of 8.4-10.8 Tg N. Western Europe receives five times more N in precipitation than does the conterminous United States. Estimated N emissions exceed measured deposition in the United States by 5.3-7.81 Tg N, suggesting significant N export or under-sampling of urban influence. In Europe, estimated emissions better balance measured deposition, with an imbalance of between -0.63 and 2.88 Tg N, suggesting that much of the N emitted in Europe is deposited there, with possible N import from the United States. The sampling network in Europe includes urban influences because of the greater population density of Western Europe. Our analysis of N deposition for both regions was limited by sampling density. The framework we present for quantification of patterns of N deposition provides a constraint on our understanding of continental biospheric-atmospheric N cycles. These spatially explicit wet and dry N fluxes also provide a tool for verifying regional and global models of atmospheric chemistry and transport, and they represent critical inputs into terrestrial models of biogeochemistry.\n      </p>", "This paper argues that the collapse of the Soviet bloc and Yugoslavia catalysed an acceleration in the transition from a corporate liberal, 'Rhineland' pattern of capitalist discipline to a neoliberal pattern in the North Atlantic political economy. This process evolved through an initial phase of conservative, sphere-of-interest policies in which the particularities of the different Western states prevailed over any common posture; to a US-led offensive eventually drawing all Atlantic states into common forward movement into Eastern Europe, extending Washington's influence as far as central Asia. Structural differences in sectoral and world market orientation between capitals predisposed particular states to different policies through these phases. Ultimately, the European states representing regional economic interests were brought into line by the offensive approach under Clinton. The offensive exposed structural weaknesses of continental European capital as much as the failure of the European left governments to pursue an alternative to neoliberalism.\n      </p>", "This article investigates the effect that various individual-level determinants have on social capital, this in order to find out whether there are differences between transition and non-transition countries in Europe. The novelty lies in more comprehensive sets of both the determinants and the dimensions of social capital covered. Data from the World Values Survey of 31 European countries (including 16 transition countries) are analysed. Based on estimates of the measurement and structural model of all countries individually, the countries are clustered within three groups to facilitate comparison of transition and non-transition countries. In previous results, the findings of this study provide support for the argument that the sources of social capital are remarkably different between transition and non-transition countries. Moreover, the results indicate that subgroups have to be distinguished within both of these country groups.\n      </p>", "Nomenclature, typification, generalised distribution, chromosome number, description and taxonomic notes are given for each of 15 species and subspecies recognised within Luzula sect. Luzula in Europe. Attention is paid to possible ways of evolution in the section in Europe. Critical cases are annotated without formal classification. Appendices with an identification key and a selection of herbarium specimens studied are provided.\n      </p>", "Data on the species distributions of twelve higher taxa of animals and plants are used to explore the extent to which hotspots of species richness tend to coincide across Europe on an equal area grid (squares of approximately 152,000 km&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;). One or two of the hotspots of many of the numerous possible pairwise combinations of higher taxa are congruent, but for no pair of higher taxa do three hotspots coincide. Contrasted with a simple null model, there is a greater incidence of positive associations of hotspots between higher taxa than expected, and more areas contain several hotspots than expected The overall numbers of species of all higher taxa, found within the hotspots of individual higher taxa, are very consistent 50-56% of all species occurred in the richest hotspots, and 60-70% in the top three hotspots.\n      </p>", "Spiders were studied in open Sphagnum bogs in Sweden, Finland and northern Norway. Material was collected in pitfall traps. Southern sites (hemiboreal zone) differed from coniferous taiga sites (boreal zone, including three subzones), and also the northern sites, north of taiga (palsa and hemiarctic zones) had their own fauna. Typical abundant species for hemiboreal zone was Pirata uliginosus, for boreal zone(s) Pardosa sphagnicola and P. hyperborea and for palsa and hemiarctic zones Hilaira nubigena and Pardosa atrata. No species was found to be dominant and typical throughout the study area.\n      </p>", "Throughout the developed world, young adults hit hard by declining labor market opportunities and rising housing costs have been staying in the natal home. Particularly hard hit are the weak welfare states of southern Europe and Japan, while the social democracies have continued to support the residential independence of young people at very early ages. This article considers the divergent cultural interpretations of this pattern of \"delayed departure\" in order to show that the same demographic configurations may be coded quite differently.\n      </p>", "Representatives from eight European countries compared the legal, ethical and professional settings within which decision making for neonates takes place. When it comes to limiting treatment there is general agreement across all countries that overly aggressive treatment is to be discouraged. Nevertheless, strong emphasis has been placed on the need for compassionate care even where cure is not possible. Where a child will die irrespective of medical intervention, there is widespread acceptance of the practice of limiting aggressive treatment or alleviating suffering even if death may be hastened as a result. Where the infant could be saved but the future outlook is bleak there is more debate, but only two countries have tested the courts with such cases. When it comes to the active intentional ending of life, the legal position is standard across Europe; it is prohibited. However, recognising those intractable situations where death may be lingering and unpleasant, Dutch paediatricians have reported that they do sometimes assist babies to die with parental consent. Two cases have been tried through the courts and recent official recommendations have set out standards by which such actions may be assessed.\n      </p>", "Against the background of contemporary debates on globalization and the crystallization of a post-Westphalian world order, this article develops an interpretation of state spatial restructuring in post-1970s western Europe. While many analyses of globalization and the changing state have focused on the construction of new supranational political regimes, such as the European Union, it is argued here that subnational scales, particularly those of major urban regions, represent strategic institutional arenas in which farreaching transformations of state spatiality are unfolding. I suggest, in particular, that processes of urban governance represent a key mechanism for the rescaling of state space. First, managerial-welfarist forms of urban governance are shown to have played a major role in the consolidation and eventual crisis of Keynesian welfare national states between the 1950s and the mid-1970s. Second, the entrepreneurial approaches to urban governance that have proliferated during the post-1970s period are interpreted as significant expressions and catalysts of 'glocalization strategies' oriented towards a fundamental rescaling of national state space. In contrast to the project of national territorial equalization associated with Keynesian welfare national states, glocalization strategies promote the formation of Glocalizing Competition State Regimes (GCSRs) in which (a) significant aspects of economic regulation are devolved to subnational institutional levels and (b) major socioeconomic assets are reconcentrated within the most globally competitive urban regions and industrial districts. Urban governance therefore represents an essential institutional scaffolding upon which the national and subnational geographies of state regulation are configured as well as one of the major politico-institutional mechanisms through which those geographies are currently being reworked. The article concludes by underscoring the ways in which GCSRs exacerbate intra-national uneven spatial development, leading in turn to the introduction of new crisis-management strategies that further differentiate the institutional and scalar landscapes of state regulation.\n      </p>", "This paper begins with Jacques Derrida's 'Europe' on an-Other heading and Claudio Minca's (2003 \"Environment and Planning D: Society and Space\" 21 160-8) suggestion that critical human geographers need to become more attentive to their own geographical predispositions and positionalities. The paper focuses on some lessons from postcolonial writing and asks to what extent we have been successful in decolonizing (and reshaping) geographies of Europe in the ways in which we respond to transformations at the borders of Europe. The paper concludes with a discussion of efforts to 'provincialize' and decolonize Euro-geographies, and the kinds of 'new cartographies' of Europe we might write and teach.\n      </p>", "Trends in age-standardized death certification rates from all causes, coronary heart disease (CHD), cerebrovascular diseases, all neoplasms and lung cancer were analysed over the period 1980-1993 in 20 major European countries. There were steady and substantial declines of overall mortality in all western European countries for both sexes, although appreciable geographic differences persisted. These favourable trends reflect a decline in CHD mortality in most western countries, besides a persisting fall in cerebrovascular disease, and a substantial stability (with some decline in a few northern and central European countries) in cancer mortality. In contrast, in eastern European countries appreciable rises were registered in mortality from major causes of death considered for males. For females, only moderate declines were observed in Eastern Europe. In the early 1990s, overall mortality was 30 to 100% higher for males and 20 to 100% higher for females as compared to Western Europe. As indicated by the trends in lung cancer death rates, this reflects a major impact of the tobacco-related disease epidemic in subsequent cohorts, as well as more unfavourable lifestyle factors (i.e. aspects of diet, other environmental factors), and a delayed control of hypertension in Eastern Europe, together with a substantial excess of suicides, (road) accidents, homicides and alcohol-related diseases, and the delayed introduction of rational treatment for some conditions. An indication of reversal of mortality trends was evident in the early 1990s only in Poland. In conclusion, there is ample scope for intervention on avoidable mortality in eastern European countries.\n      </p>", "This article aims to assess the role of religion and religiousness in engendering higher US fertility compared to Europe. Religion is important in the life of one-half of US women, whereas not even for one of six Europeans. By every available measure, American women are more religious than European women. Catholic and Protestant women have notably higher fertility than those not belonging to any denomination in the US and across Europe. In all European regions and in the United States as well as among all denominations the more devout have more children. However, women in Northern and Western Europe who are the least religious have equivalent or even higher fertility than women in the US, and notably higher fertility than those in Southern Europe. This suggests that forces other than religion and religiousness are also important in their impact on childbearing. A multivariate analysis demonstrates that relatively \"traditional\" socioeconomic covariates (age, marital status, residence, education, and income) do not substantially change the positive association of religiousness and fertility. Finally, if Europeans were as religious as Americans one might theoretically expect a small fertility increase for Europe as a whole, but considerably more for Western Europe. /// Religion, religiosit\u00e9 et f\u00e9condit\u00e9 aux Etats-Unis et en Europe. L'objectif de cet article est d'\u00e9valuer les r\u00f4les de la religion et de la religiosit\u00e9 comme d\u00e9terminant du taux de f\u00e9condit\u00e9 plus \u00e9lev\u00e9 aux Etats-Unis qu'en Europe. La religion occupe une place importante dans la vie de la moitie des femmes am\u00e9ricaines, tandis qu'elle n'est importante que pour 1 europ\u00e9enne sur 6. Quelque soit l'indicateur utilis\u00e9, les am\u00e9ricaines sont plus religieuses que les europ\u00e9ennes. Les femmes catholiques et protestantes ont une f\u00e9condit\u00e9 significativement plus\u00e9e que celles sans affiliation religieuse aux Etats-Unis et en Europe. Dans toutes les regions de l'Europe et aux Etats-Unis, ainsi qu'\u00e0 travers toutes les pratiques religieuses, les plus croyants ont plus d'enfants. Toutefois, les femmes d'Europe du Nord et de l'Ouest, qui sont les moins religieuses, ont une f\u00e9condit\u00e9 \u00e9quivalente ou sup\u00e9rieure aux femmes am\u00e9ricaines, et significativement plus \u00e9lev\u00e9e que leurs consoeurs d'Europe du Sud. Ce constat sugg\u00e9re que des forces autres que la religion ou la religiosit\u00e9 ont aussi un impact important sur la f\u00e9condit\u00e9. Une analyse multivari\u00e9e montre que les variables socio\u00e9conomiques classiquement consid\u00e9r\u00e9es (\u00e2ge, statut marital, lieu de r\u00e9sidence, \u00e9ducation et revenus) ne changent pas substantiellement l'association positive entre religiosite et fecondite. Au final, si le niveau de religiosit\u00e9 des Europ\u00e9ennes \u00e9tait \u00e9quivalent \u00e0 celui les Am\u00e9ricaines, on pourrait th\u00e9oriquement attendre une l\u00e9g\u00e8re augmentation de la f\u00e9condit\u00e9 en Europe en g\u00e9n\u00e9ral, mais de mani\u00e8re beaucoup plus prononc\u00e9e en Europe de l'Ouest.\n      </p>", "The apparent resurgence of hostility against Jews has been a prominent theme in recent discussions of Europe. At the same time, the adversities of the Muslim populations on the continent have received increasing attention as well. In this article, I attempt a historical and cultural clarification of the key terms in this debate. I argue against the common impulse to analogize anti-Semitism and Islamophobia. Instead, I offer an analytic framework that locates the two phenomena in different projects of exclusion. Anti-Semitism was invented in the late 19th century to police the ethnically pure nation-state; Islamophobia, by contrast, is a formation of the present, marshaled to safeguard a supranational Europe. Whereas traditional anti-Semitism has run its historical course with the supersession of the nation-state, Islamophobia threatens to become the defining condition of the new Europe.\n      </p>", "The primary purpose of this publication is to make available two series of historical maps showing 'summer' (April-September mean) temperatures over western Europe from A.D. 1750 and western North America from A.D. 1600. These maps have been reconstructed using networks of temperature-sensitive tree-ring chronologies as part of a continuing collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (FSL) at Birmensdorf, Switzerland and the Climatic Research Unit (CRU) at the University of East Anglia, Norwich, U.K. The maps were reconstructed using relatively long maximum latewood density chronologies selected from the extensive networks of tree-ring data produced at the FSL. The reconstructions were produced using a spatial regression technique developed at CRU. The basis for the reconstructions are wood samples from various conifers growing at cool-moist sites close to the alpine or boreal timberlines. This material was analysed by x-ray densitometry and the resulting maximum latewood density chronologies were calibrated against meteorological data over a 100-year calibration period. These results emphasize the value of dendroclimatological research which can provide continental-scale reconstructions of past climate which represent a potential resource for climatologists, biologists, and historians with an interest in the spatial variability of summer temperatures over the middle to high latitudes.\n      </p>", "This paper looks to the role of geographical metaphors in the 'battle of words' to describe Europe and its presumed identity. The facile adoption of banal cartographies such as those of a 'New' and 'Old' Europe highlights two concerns: first, that despite the imperial and isolationistic temptations of the current American administration, its geopolitical imagination remains firmly wedded to -- indeed, cannot but define itself by -- its relationship with the 'Old Continent'. Secondly, it reveals an astonishing distance between such cartographic abstractions and the variety of non-territorial metaphors -- in particular, those of mediation and translation -- that are increasingly being invoked to inscribe possible futures for the European project.\n      </p>", "There has been considerable recent debate about prostitution in Europe that reflects concerns about health, employment and human rights. Legal changes are being introduced in many countries. We focus on two examples in order to discuss the likely implications. A new law in The Netherlands is normalizing aspects of the sex industry through decriminalizing both workers and businesses. In Sweden, on the other hand, prostitution is considered to be a social problem, and a new law criminalizes the purchasers of sexual services in an attempt to reduce demand. Both reforms appear to have had their desired effect at one level; in The Netherlands, health and safety regulations will be introduced as in any other job, and EU sex workers gain full social, legal and employment rights; in Sweden there was initially a tenfold decrease in the numbers of women working visibly on the streets, and some workers have left the industry. However, in both countries, the new legislation has also driven some sex work underground. Many sex workers are excluded by the Dutch system and move underground to become effectively invisible to the authorities. In Sweden sex workers and their clients also become less visible in order that the latter can avoid sanction. Social and economic changes, such as increased migration and the growing use of the Internet will also render the sex industry less visible both to state regulation and to health care workers. The major problems of prostitution for the workers remain exploitation, stigma, abuse and criminalization. These are not unique to the industry, and can only be tackled effectively by the self-organization of sex workers into unions and rights groups, along with full decriminalization. An alternative vision is promised through self-organization and anti-racist actions by sex workers in Germany; normalization and workers' rights are tackled alongside training programmes for those seeking alternatives. Policy makers throughout Europe would do well to look at their experience and not simply at the clash of legal reforms.\n      </p>", "This paper explores some issues in representing the geographies of mayoral power in contemporary Europe. It begins by summarizing the idea of a 'Europe of the Cities' and an emerging new mayoral political class in Europe, and then discusses some of the insights offered by cultural geography in conceptualizing this new agenda in urban politics.\n      </p>", "There is a growing debate about the future direction of migration policy in Europe. After nearly 30 years of pursuing restrictive immigration and asylum policies, many European Union (EU) governments are beginning to re-assess their migration policies and to call for a new approach. For the first time in many years, several EU governments have begun to talk again about the benefits of labour migration and, even more significantly, have even begun to take action to recruit more migrants, especially skilled workers. This paper looks at the background to current calls for a new approach to migration in Europe and public reaction to these new initiatives. It first describes recent trends in migration in Europe and then briefly considers the demographic case for more migration. This is followed by a brief outline of some of the measures being considered by European governments to promote selective labour migration. The remainder of the paper is devoted to a discussion of some of the implications of this change in policy, focusing on two main issues: the likely consequences for sending countries, and the implications for the fight against the smuggling and trafficking of people.\n      </p>", "This paper takes a comparative approach to early farming, arguing that bioarchaeological work on Neolithic Europe can inform understanding of earlier cultivation and herding in the Near East, where the 'package' of crops and livestock emerged in the PPNB period. Evidence for intensive cultivation ('garden agriculture') integrated with small-scale herding is outlined for south-east and central Europe before turning to crop and caprine husbandry practices during the PPNB. It is concluded that integration of small-scale cultivation and herding during the PPNB facilitated the spread of agriculture to Europe.\n      </p>", "A decade after the fall of Communism in Europe, the Czech Republic's membership in the European Union is still a matter of a relatively short waiting period of 4 years. Not so the imagination of this membership and the creation of a political concept created to promote this goal: the specific Central European policy initiated by Thomas G. Masaryk and revitalized by V\u00e1clav Havel. Despite the deep differences in the political thought and philosophical orientations of both Presidents, not to mention the historic rupture of 41 years of Totalitarianism, their perceptions of Europe as an Imagined Community are identical.\n      </p>", "This paper aims to raise the question of a new conceptualization for the territory of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union. It argues that the old conceptualization of Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union is no longer valid and asks, 'What has replaced it?' It asserts that several difficulties face Geography as a discipline and those geographers who take on the challenge of constructing new geographies of the region as a foreign area study. A review of the Western geographical literature published since 1990 leads to the identification of four paradigms that underpin recent geographical research on the region: redefining personal, group and territorial identity and meaning; transition and transformation; the New Europe; the New World Order. The paper criticizes these approaches for failing to effectively develop a new regional territorial conceptualization and calls for a closer association of locational, societal and cultural theories of place and space to construct new geographies of the east of Europe after socialism.\n      </p>", "In the present contribution, a brief survey of the progress of work on the Vegetation map of Europe within the last two years is given. The most important tasks of this period were: 1) Continuing compilation and completion of the thirteen remaining sheets of the Map, scale 1:2,500,000, 2) Elaboration of the explanatory text, 3) Compilation of a General vegetation map of Europe, scale 1:10,000,000.\n      </p>", "At a regional scale, species richness and human population size are frequently positively correlated across space. Such patterns may arise because both species richness and human density increase with energy availability. If the species-energy relationship is generated through the 'more individuals' hypothesis, then the prediction is that areas with high human densities will also support greater numbers of individuals from other taxa. We use the unique data available for the breeding birds in Europe to test this prediction. Overall regional densities of bird species are higher in areas with more people; species of conservation concern exhibit the same pattern. Avian density also increases faster with human density than does avian biomass, indicating that areas with a higher human density have a higher proportion of small-bodied individuals. The analyses also underline the low numbers of breeding birds in Europe relative to humans, with a median of just three individual birds per person, and 4 g of bird for every kilogram of human.\n      </p>", "Percentages of beech (Fagus L.) pollen in networks of surface samples from Europe and eastern North America reflect the present distribution and landscape abundance patterns of beech trees in both continents. Response surfaces constructed by a locally-weighted averaging technique characterize the relationship between the pollen percentages and mean January and July temperatures in each continent. Both surfaces are unimodal with optima at -1 to -4\u26ac C (January) and 18\u26ac C (July) and adequately predict the patterns of beech pollen abundance in their respective continents. Furthermore, the North American response surface can predict the pattern of beech abundances in Europe and vice versa. This similarity implies that the continental-scale patterns of beech abundance are in equilibrium with modern climatic patterns on both continents irrespective of differences in the migrational history, competitive interactions and degree of human impact. The physiological characteristics determining the species' distributions are presumably evolutionarily conservative, having persisted through repeated orbitally-forced cycles of migration since the original (mid-Tertiary) separation of European and North American temperate forests.\n      </p>", "This article examines the association between one of the most basic institutional forms, the family, and a series of demographic, educational, social, and economic indicators across regions in Europe. Using Emmanuel Todd's classification of medieval European family systems, we identify potential links between family types and regional disparities in household size, educational attainment, social capital, labor participation, sectoral structure, wealth, and inequality. The results indicate that medieval family structures seem to have influenced European regional disparities in virtually every indicator that we considered. That these links remain, despite the influence of the modern state and population migration, suggests that such structures are either extremely resilient or in the past were internalized within other social and economic institutions as they developed.\n      </p>", "Jewish emigration from Eastern Europe to lands overseas from the start of the twentieth century until the outbreak of World War I encompassed more than 1.5 million Jews seeking to flee the unbearable socioeconomic conditions that were their lot in the Russian Empire. Hundreds of thousands of these migrants were women and children who left to join their husbands and fathers already in the destination countries. This article traces the multifaceted migration process undergone by the Jewish immigrant woman-from her role in the decision-making process about where to move, to that fateful moment when she receives the tickets for the voyage from her husband and sets out on her way.\n      </p>", "For the last 50 years, the economic and industrial development of the nations of Central and Eastern Europe has been achieved at the cost of environmental degradation. The health risks posed by this pollution to children and the steps necessary to ameliorate such risks are only beginning to be investigated. At a recent conference in Poland, sponsored in part by the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, participants from 11 countries in the region, together with scientists from Western Europe and the United States, met to share information regarding pediatric environmental health in Central and Eastern Europe, to consider methodologic issues in the design and conduct of such studies, and to discuss preventive strategies. This report summarizes the deliberations, outlines problem areas such as heavy metals and air pollution, delineates research and training needs to help Central and Eastern Europeans deal more effectively with such problems, and recommends specific future actions and collaborative efforts.\n      </p>", "The need for a less occidental approach to understanding organizational-geographical change is increasingly accepted. However, there is a danger of replacing one stereotype with others drawn simplistically from alternative capitalisms. In this paper we use the Japanese general trading company - the sogo shosha - as an example. We show how their city-based, international networks evolved over a long period of time and, through a detailed case study of the sogo shosha in Europe, how their organization and behaviour need carefully to be interpreted.\n      </p>", "Leslie Topp traces the emergence of the asylum mortuary as an architectural challenge. Drawing on new archival research, Complexity and Coherence: The Challenge of the Asylum Mortuary in Central Europe, 1898\u20131908 unpacks the highly fraught combination of scientific practices, death rituals, and psychiatric strategies that made up the mortuary's program. Topp analyzes three mortuary buildings in new psychiatric institutions at Vienna, Mauer-\u00d6hling (Lower Austria), and Krom\u011b\u0159\u00ed\u017e (Moravia). Far from conforming to an established type, each building represents a radically different approach to the challenge of rendering the program's abrupt juxtapositions meaningful and coherent. In each case the building is conceived within the force field of Wagner School modernism, but the contrasting built results show the diversity of that modernism pushed to its limits by the complexity of the program's requirements and associations.\n      </p>", "The present report describes a fatal case of imported AIDS-related disseminated histoplasmosis capsulati infection associated with multiple coexisting infections, diagnosed with cultural recovery of Histoplasma capsulatum var. capsulatum with a commercial radiometric Mycobacterium medium. The epidemiological and clinical features of histoplasmosis capsulati and duboisii in Europe are reviewed by examining also 69 documented cases of Histoplasma capsulatum var. capsulatum infection (25 in AIDS patients) and 17 cases of Histoplasma capsulatum var. duboisii infection (3 in HIV-infected patients), described since 1980. This draws special attention to the role played during recent years by the emergence of the HIV pandemic and the progressive intensification of travel and immigration as risk factors for this disease in our continent. AIDS patients, who are prone to multiple concurrent opportunistic infections which may share clinical and laboratory features with each other and with other HIV-associated diseases, represent the most relevant current group at risk for severe disseminated histoplasmosis, which may come to medical attention far from their place of origin.\n      </p>", "Why were capital controls orthodox in 1944, but heretical in 1997? The scholarly literature, following the conventional wisdom, focuses on the role of the United States in promoting capital liberalization. Although the United States encouraged capital liberalization bilaterally, US policy makers never embraced multilateral rules that codified the norm of capital mobility. Rather, European policy makers wrote the most important rules in favour of the free movement of capital. Paradoxically, French policy makers in particular played decisive roles. For the debates that mattered most-in the EU, OECD, and IMF-the United States was, respectively, irrelevant, inconsequential and indifferent. Europe did not capitulate to global capital. Rather, French and other European policy makers created today's liberal international financial regime. French and European policy makers have promoted a rule-based, 'managed' globalization of finance, whereas US policy makers have tended to embrace an ad hoc globalization based on the accumulation of bilateral bargains. Once liberal rules were codified in the EU and OECD, they constituted the policy practices of 'European' and 'developed' states, for which capital controls are no longer considered a legitimate policy tool. During the middle of the 1990s, the IMF debated new, universal rules in favour of capital freedom, but the proposal was defeated, primarily by the US Congress, after the financial crises of 1997-98. By then the vast majority of the world's capital flows were already governed by the liberal rules of the EU and OECD.\n      </p>", "Two geographical races have been established within the Berteroetum incanae in Europe. The Galium mollugo race of the Berteroetum incanae is characteristic of the western part of the distribution area of the association whereas the relev\u00e9s from the eastern part of Europe are classified as the Acosta rhenana race of the Berteroetum incanae. Adventitious Berteroetum incanae from the Netherlands has been shown to be a separate subunit within the Galium mollugo race of the Berteroetum incanae.\n      </p>", "Overviews of the development of the concept of quality of life from a medical viewpoint, and the need for new models and methods to assess health-related quality of life were presented, along with WHO, FDA and European regulatory viewpoints and a discussion on the measurement and valuation of health by social judgement, at the health-related quality of life session at an ESCT meeting on issues of concern in the standardization and harmonization of drug trials in Europe. It was concluded that, for the present, all three types of measurements of quality of life-individual, disease-specific, and generic scales-should be used in research to look for convergent versus divergent validity.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the development of a so-called asylum 'buffer zone' around the eastern frontiers of the west European region as a result of the Schengen, EU and EFTA member states' introduction of more restrictive asylum policies during the first half of the 1990s. Restrictive policies in western Europe are forcing central and east European states into a 'buffer role', obliging them to absorb asylum-seekers who fail to gain entry into western Europe and/or restrict asylum-seekers' access to the borders of potential 'receiving' states. In addition to examining the mechanisms by which this 'buffer zone' is developing and questioning what it might mean for future asylum trends and policies in Europe, the paper considers the wider questions raised by this development in relation to the changing geopolitical landscape of Europe, particularly in relation to the changing political and security relations between western, central and eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union.\n      </p>", "Increasing numbers of non-travel-associated hepatitis E virus (HEV) infections have been reported in Europe in recent years. Our objective was to review the evidence on risk factors and transmission routes of autochthonous HEV infection and hepatitis E in Europe in order to develop recommendations for future research, prevention and control. A systematic literature review was performed to identify all primary reports and studies published during 1998-2008 on hepatitis E in humans and animais in Europe by searching Pubmed, reference lists of major articles and international conf\u00e9rence proceedings. Each of the 106 included studies was categorized into one of three evidence levels (EL) based on study design and diagnostic methodology. The evidence was generally weak (73 were assigned to EL1, two to both EL1 and EL2, and 30 to EL2), further compounded by the use of poorly validated serological assays in some studies. Only one casecontrol study was assigned to EL3. Persons with autochthonous hepatitis E infection were on average older than the general population and predominantly male. There was no evidence for one main transmission route of HEV infection or risk factor for hepatitis E. However, zoonotic transmission seemed likely and person-to-person transmission too inefficient to cause clinical disease. Multiple routes of transmission probably exist and should be further investigated through analytical studies and reliable diagnostic kits. Based on current evidence that points to zoonotic transmission from pigs, thorough cooking of ail porcine products, prevention of crosscontamination in the kitchen and improved education for occupationally exposed people (e.g. pig farmers, veterinarians and sewage workers) may help prevent HEV infection. Although evidence for parenteral transmission is limited, it is recommended that a risk assessment is undertaken.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the trajectories of economic development of European national and regional economies in light of the pressures for greater integration and enlargement of the European Union. Using a variety of data sets, we demonstrate that there are significant variations in the speed and direction of change in per capita income and in productivity and employment rates across countries and a sample of European regions, and that falling behind (divergence) occurs as well as catching up (convergence). Making sense of spatial development therefore requires, we argue, that attention be paid to processes of differentiation and, in particular, to the falling behind experienced by less developed areas in East Central Europe and the forging ahead of the most developed, as well as to processes of catch-up. The paper also contributes to an assessment of the appropriateness of interpretations of growth and spatial development through countering the dominant discourse of convergence in neoclassical and neoliberal formulations and by suggesting that integration brings with it a number of important territorial \"costs\" associated with increasing inequality.\n      </p>", "Multivariate analysis of an extensive palynological database for Europe has enabled reconstruction of broad-scale vegetation history. Whereas many major features of present vegetation patterns were established early in the Holocene, floristic composition of the forests has changed continuously up to the present day. For example, although 'mixed deciduous forests' had reached approximately their present extent in northwest Europe by 8000 B.P., Tilia peaked in abundance in these forests during the middle post glacial, whereas Pinus was most abundant in these forests during the early post-glacial and Fagus increased in abundance only in recent millennia. Pollen-climate response surfaces for major pollen taxa show how their distribution and abundance patterns relate to contemporary climate. Past forest-compositional changes were responses to climatic changes, the nature of which can be inferred from pollen-climate response surfaces. Post-glacial climate changes have been different in magnitude and direction in different regions of Europe. For example, in recent millennia the vegetation changes indicate decreasing summer temperatures in northern Europe but increasing summer temperatures in the Mediterranean region. The way in which vegetation responded to past climatic changes gives insight into the likely response of vegetation to future climate changes induced by the 'greenhouse effect'.\n      </p>", "The paper discusses aspects of the debate concerning transition and transformation in Central and Eastern Europe. The author argues that the re-evaluation of space in the region is being articulated through the interaction of three major processes: first, progress from centralized state management towards a market economy; second, behaviour, cultures and institutions inherited from the socialist era and those more deeply embedded from pre-socialist times; and third, responses to opportunities or constraints created by the transformation itself. While de-industrialization, unemployment, inflation and currency depreciation were predictable, a significant divergence is occurring between Central Europe and the Baltic states which have achieved an economic U-turn as a result of real growth associated with further progress towards a market economy and south-eastern Europe and the CIS where decline continues. The commodification of space and its resources is diffusing eastwards, leading to a displacement of use-value by exchange value. Regional and local patterns, however, are becoming 'mosaic-like' as a result of the co-existence of commodification, state-protected enterprises, the rise of barter and growth of information activities. A predominantly bi-lateral east-west pattern of spatial interaction is being replaced by a multi-polar one.\n      </p>", "This paper analyses the influence of relevant variables (age, sex, marital status, health, income, education and children) on the risk of belonging to one of the four main types of household in which old European people live nowadays: alone, with partner, with others, in a collective household. Nine countries with different social and political contexts are compared by using different data sources. These socio-demographic characteristics play the same role in all countries except for the influence of childlessness and of gender, but the geographical heterogeneity of the living arrangements remains partly unexplained due to currently inadequate comparative data sources for Europe. /// Cet article analyse 1'influence de facteurs socio-d\u00e9mographiques (\u00e2ge, sexe, statut matrimonial, sant\u00e9, revenu, niveau d'instruction, pr\u00e9sence d'enfants) sur la probabilit\u00e9 d'appartenir \u00e0 l'un des quatre types de m\u00e9nage dans lesquels vivent les personnes \u00e2g\u00e9es en Europe: seul, avec un partenaire, avec d'autres personnes, dans une institution. Neuf pays avec diff\u00e9rents contextes sociaux et politiques sont compar\u00e9s \u00e0 1'aide de diverses sources de donn\u00e9es. Les caract\u00e9ristiques socio-d\u00e9mographiques jouent le m\u00eame r\u00f4le dans tous les pays, mis \u00e0 part 1'influence du fait d'\u00eatre sans enfant et du genre, mais 1'h\u00e9t\u00e9rog\u00e9n\u00e9it\u00e9 g\u00e9ographique des types de m\u00e9nages reste partiellement inexpliqu\u00e9e en raison de probl\u00e8mes de comparabilit\u00e9 des sources de donn\u00e9es en Europe.\n      </p>", "Aim The (world) distribution of the European species of Physconia Poelt (Lichenes: Physciaceae) [except Ph. distorta (With.) J. R. Laundon and Ph. americana Essl.] was investigated. The study was complemented by data on the ecological behaviour of the species. Location The location of the study is the whole world with a local emphasis on Europe. Methods The geographical distribution of the lichen species under consideration was investigated from collection data of herbaria and field studies in a databank. Additional data were taken from existing literature and critically considered. Distribution maps were created with ArcView GIS. The distribution patterns are expressed as three-dimensional areal formulas, regarding zonal distribution, altitudinal range and oceanity of the species distributions, using the method of Meusel et al. (1965). Results The distribution patterns of the ten Physconia taxa considered are represented in detailed maps and expressed as three-dimensional areal formulas. The ecological behaviour was discussed. Physconia muscigena and Ph. perisidiosa are species of bipolar distribution type, the other species are holarctic types. Physconia detersa and Ph. enteroxantha occur in both Eurasia and North America, the remaining species (Ph. grisea ssp. grisea, Ph. grisea ssp. lilacina, Ph. petraea, Ph. servitii, Ph. subpulverulenta and Ph. venusta) are pure Old world taxa with a much more limited distribution. The majority of the European Physconia taxa are distributed meridionally to submeridionally and occur preferentially in suboceanic areas. Main conclusions Some of the species under consideration have a wide distribution, nevertheless they show clear affinities to ecological conditions that influence their distribution patterns. A number of species show not only zonal and regional restrictions, but also affinities to the western climatic type. The Mediterranean is the centre of diversity of the genus Physconia in Europe.\n      </p>", "Despite increasing migration, the impact of HIV epidemics from Central and Eastern Europe (C&amp;EE) on the UK HIV epidemic remains small. C&amp;EE-born adults comprised 1\u00b72% of adults newly diagnosed with HIV in the UK between 2000 and 2007. Most C&amp; EE-born women probably acquired their infection heterosexually in C&amp;EE. In contrast, 59 % of C&amp; EE-born men reported sex with men, half of whom probably acquired their infection in the UK. Previously undiagnosed HIV prevalence in C&amp; EE-born sexual-health-clinic attendees was low (2007, 0\u00b75%) as was overall HIV prevalence in C&amp; EE-born women giving birth in England (2007, &lt;0\u00b71 %). The high proportion of men who have sex with men (MSM) suggests under-reporting of this group in C&amp; EE HIV statistics and/ or migration of MSM to the UK. In addition to reducing HIV transmission in injecting drug users, preventative efforts aimed at C&amp;EE-born MSM both within their country of origin and the UK are required.\n      </p>", "The basic value priorities prevalent in Eastern Europe are studied in a cross-national comparison. Analyses of the implications of adaptation to life circumstances under communist regimes lead to the hypotheses that East European samples are likely to attribute especially high importance to conservatism and hierarchy values and low importance to egalitarianism, intellectual and affective autonomy, and mastery values. The same hypotheses apply to differences between countries within Eastern Europe in which there was greater or lesser communist penetration. These hypotheses are largely supported with data both from samples of school teachers and of university students from nine Eastern European and 12 Western European countries. Various possible alternative explanations are discussed: national economic level, religion, earlier shared history, effects of totalitarianism, and distinctiveness of Western Europe.\n      </p>", "The development of the taxonomy of the European bramble flora is discussed. Previous taxonomic concepts were mainly (1) description of each different bramble bush as a species of its own, (2) treatment of bramble taxa with hybrid formulas, (3) arranging of bramble taxa as infraspecific taxa within an artificial system, (4) creation of special taxonomic units like \"agamospecies\". In modern taxonomy only well stabilized apomicts with a regional or wider distribution are taken into consideration and treated as species. Merely locally distributed brambles or the countless individual biotypes (spontaneous hybrids and their derivatives) are no longer a subject of special taxonomic treatment. The research into bramble flora has made considerable progress during the last 25 years, and the species of large parts of Europe are now well known including their distribution which is often illustrated by detailed maps.\n      </p>", "Whereas it was assumed until very recently that national health systems were immune to European influences, more and more voices can now be heard drawing attention to the growing importance of the European dimension. Although the organization and structure of inpatient and outpatient health care in the countries of Europe is well documented, the available information on dental provision is sparse. Price is one of the central determinants of the cost of dental treatment, patient demand, the spectrum of treatment offered by dental practices, and the standard of care. This contribution presents the results of an empirical project conducted in 1999 on the prices of dental treatments in Europe.\n      </p>", "A positive correlation between human population density and species richness has been recorded across the tropics. Here I investigate whether this correlation holds true for Europe. Analyses reveal a positive correlation between human population density and plant (rho = 0.505), mammal (rho = 0.471) and reptile and amphibian (rho = 0.556) species richness. The results are largely concordant with those obtained in similar studies for Africa. However, contrary to previous analyses, the correlation found between people and breeding bird species richness (rho = 0.186) was weak. Of three measures of endemism used, only combined European endemic species richness correlated with human density (rho = 0.437). Richness among combined restricted-range European endemics was not correlated (rho = 0.095) with human density, while richness among all combined restricted-range species was only weakly correlated with human density (rho = 0.167). The results partially support the idea of a correlation between people and biodiversity, although there are some important exceptions. Discussion of possible mechanisms underling the observed patterns is undertaken.\n      </p>", "This paper aims to estimate the influence of economic determinants on net international migration in Western Europe in the period 1960-1998. Net migration rates (i.e., population growth minus natural increase, divided by the midyear population) constitute the dependent variable. The economic determinants used in this study are GDP per capita, unemployment, and average educational level (amount of human capital) of the population. Time series regression models have been used in country-specific analyses. In addition, a pooled cross-sectional time series analysis has been made. The analyses suggest that GDP per capita has a positive effect and unemployment a negative effect on a country's net international migration. /// Dans cet article, nous cherchons \u00e0 estimer l'influence des facteurs \u00e9conomiques sur les migrations internationales en Europe de l'ouest dans la p\u00e9riode 1960-1998. Les taux nets de migration (accroissement annuel de la population diminu\u00e9 de l'accroissement naturel et rapport\u00e9 \u00e0 la population moyenne) repr\u00e9sentent la variable d\u00e9pendante. Les variables \u00e9conomiques prises en compte ici sont le PNB par habitant, le ch\u00f4mage, le niveau moyen d'instruction (capital humain). Les analyses particuli\u00e8res \u00e0 chaque pays ont \u00e9t\u00e9 effectu\u00e9es sur des s\u00e9ries temporelles gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 des mod\u00e8les de r\u00e9gression. Par ailleurs, une analyse a \u00e9t\u00e9 conduite transversalement sur l'ensemble des s\u00e9ries temporelles. Les r\u00e9sultats montrent un effet positif du PNB par habitant et un effet n\u00e9gatif du ch\u00f4mage sur la migration internationale nette d'un pays.\n      </p>", "Energy developments in the post-Communist states of Eastern and Central Europe (ECE) have a major impact on global energy security and sustainability, thanks to this region's key geographical position between the energy-exporting states of the former Soviet Union, on the one hand, and the energy-importing states of Western and Southern Europe, on the other. At the same time, post-socialist reforms of energy industries in this region provide unique insights into the complex relations of power, economic transformation and spatial inequality that govern energy production and consumption. This paper therefore aims to provide an initial look at some of the theoretical and policy issues that underpin the emergent 'geographies' of energy reform in ECE, as well as their embeddedness in relations of power stemming from organisational, infrastructural and economic inequalities in the region. It employs an analysis of local news reports, policy papers and statistical data to examine the intricate institutional networks and spatial formations that have governed the energy transformation process. In broader terms, the paper aims to emphasise the important role that human geography can play in making sense of the territorial differences and frictions that have emerged during the post-socialist reform process, while challenging the idea of a 'neat' neoliberal transition from a centrally planned to a market-based mode of energy regulation.\n      </p>", "New interpretation of leaf fossils from the Neogene of Europe belonging to the family Malvaceae s.l. is given. Morphogenera Dombeyopsis Unger emend., Byttneriophyllum Givulescu ex Knobloch et Kva\u010dek, and\u00a0Laria G. Worobiec et Kva\u010dek morphogen. nov., considered monotypic in our revision, are newly circumscribed. Particularly well\u2010preserved leaves representing Dombeyopsis lobata Unger (Auenheim); Byttneriophyllum tiliifolium (A. Braun) Knobloch et Kva\u010dek from Be\u0142chat\u00f3w and Ruja, Poland; and Laria rueminiana (Heer) G. Worobiec et Kva\u010dek comb. nov. from Be\u0142chat\u00f3w were examined for detailed macro\u2010 and micromorphological studies. A survey of epidermal features and leaf macromorphology in extant Malvaceae s.l. was conducted for comparison with the fossils. All three fossil species studied are malvalean, but none of\u00a0them corresponds in all details with any of the studied living Malvaceae s.l. Macro\u2010 and micromorphology of leaves suggest that D. lobata has affinities to subfamily Tilioideae Arn., B. tiliifolium probably belongs to\u00a0Tilioideae Arn. or Brownlowioideae Burrett, and L. rueminiana presumably represents subfamily Helicteroideae Griseb.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates the logic of explanation according to which identity is an attribute or a feature of subjects like states and nations. Drawing examples from the scholarship on identity in Central Europe, especially Estonia, it argues that the story by which identity is customarily told is circular, presupposing the very subject for which it seeks to give an account. The puzzle, then, is how to overcome the perspective of a subject already formed in order to account for its becoming. The paper deploys the concept of performativity to address that puzzle. Performative approaches do not treat identity as an attribute or a property of the subject - something that subjects such as individuals or states express. It conceives subjectivity explicitly in processual terms, not as a source but as an effect of identity claims. Identity then is not something that states, groups or individuals have, but something that groups and individuals do. Refraining identity research from doers to deeds opens up the discussions of actor-ness and subjectivity without dictating what kind of subjects can be realized.\n      </p>", "The serious environmental problems caused by decades of Communist mismanagement of natural resources in countries of Central and Eastern Europe have been brought to light in recent years. All environmental media, including air, water, food, and soil have been burdened with toxic chemicals. Large segments of the population have been, and are now being exposed to air pollution levels exceeding guidelines established by western countries and by international health organizations. This review focuses on epidemiologic evidence regarding health effects of poor air quality in Central and Eastern Europe. It appears that short-term high levels of air pollutants (primarily particulates and SO2) may increase mortality in sensitive parts of the population. Associations were also seen between air pollution levels and prevalence of respiratory diseases as well as lung function disturbances in adults and children. One study indicated that urban air pollution increased the risk of lung cancer. Several investigations pointed to strong interactions between risk factors. The poor scientific standard of the studies often makes it difficult to evaluate the findings. Several steps should be taken to develop environmental epidemiology in Central and Eastern Europe, including international collaboration in research projects and training.\n      </p>", "The genus Doronicum (Asteraceae: Senecioneae) comprises perennial herbs distributed in Europe, North Africa, and Asia. A worldwide revision of the genus recognizing 26 species and 4 subspecies is presented. In the present taxonomic treatment no infrageneric groups are recognized. Seven names are newly lectotypified herein: Arnica doronicum Jacq., Doronicum caucasicum M. Bieb., Doronicum portae Chabert, Doronicum scorpioides Lam., Doronicum souliei Cavill., Doronicum thibetanum Cavill., and Doronicum turkestanicum Cavill. A new chromosome count is provided for D. carpetanum subsp. diazii.\n      </p>", "Aim To document geographical interspecific patterns of body size of European and North American squamate reptile assemblages and explore the relationship between body size patterns and environmental gradients. Location North America and western Europe. Methods We processed distribution maps for native species of squamate reptiles to document interspecific spatial variation of body size at a grain size of 110 x 110 km. We also examined seven environmental variables linked to four hypotheses possibly influencing body size gradients. We used simple and multiple regression, evaluated using information theory, to identify the set of models best supported by the data. Results Europe is characterized by clear latitudinal trends in body size, whereas geographical variation in body size in North America is complex. There is a consistent association of mean body size with measures of ambient energy in both regions, although lizards increase in size northwards whereas snakes show the opposite pattern. Our best models accounted for almost 60% of the variation in body size of lizards and snakes within Europe, but the proportions of variance explained in North America were less than 20%. Main conclusions Although body size influences the energy balance of thermoregulating ectotherms, inconsistent biogeographical patterns and contrasting associations with energy in lizards and snakes suggest that no single mechanism can explain variation of reptile body size in the northern temperate zone.\n      </p>", "This symposium discussed bioethics teaching, research and documentation and also research ethics committees. An international convention for the protection of the integrity of the human body was called for, as was a new European Committee on Ethics. 'The genetic impact' was a major preoccupation of the symposium.\n      </p>", "Cet article entend mettre en lumi\u00e8re le \"rideau de fer m\u00e9moriel\" entre l'Europe occidentale et l'Europe postsocialiste. D'un c\u00f4t\u00e9, l'extermination des juifs constitue en Occident le crime le plus abominable dans l'\u00e9chelle des horreurs du 20e si\u00e8cle, si bien qu'Auschwitz est devenu depuis la fin des ann\u00e9es 1970 le symbole du mal absolu. De l'autre, les anciens pays du bloc de l'Est, et plus particuli\u00e8rement les candidats \u00e0 l'entr\u00e9e dans l'Union europ\u00e9enne, mettent en avant la m\u00e9moire douloureuse de l'occupation sovi\u00e9tique. Le poids de la m\u00e9moire de la Shoah est critiqu\u00e9 par les Europ\u00e9ens de l'Est qui pensent que les Occidentaux relativisent les crimes du communisme. En retour, les Occidentaux d\u00e9noncent l'antis\u00e9mitisme des Europ\u00e9ens de l'Est. Sous la pression de l'Union europ\u00e9enne, de nombreux pays d'Europe de l'Est ont entam\u00e9 une phase d'anamn\u00e8se. Toutefois, en d\u00e9pit d'une politique officielle visible, la place de la Shoah dans la m\u00e9moire collective des soci\u00e9t\u00e9s civiles de ces pays est encore limit\u00e9e. Au sein m\u00eame de l'ancien bloc de l'Est, les anciennes r\u00e9publiques sovi\u00e9tiques proches de la Russie continuent de c\u00e9l\u00e9brer la \"Grande Guerre patriotique\" et d'occulter plus ou moins le travail de m\u00e9moire sur la Shoah. Ce dialogue de sourds entre Europe de l'Ouest et Europe de l'Est est une r\u00e9alit\u00e9 durable. C'est pourquoi des intellectuels comme Jorge Semprun appellent \u00e0 la reconnaissance mutuelle des m\u00e9moires de la Shoah et du Goulag, base d'une future m\u00e9moire europ\u00e9enne. /// This article sheds light on the \"Iron Curtain\" which divides collective memory in Western Europe and postsocialist Europe. In Western Europe, the extermination of the Jews during World War 2 represents the most abominable crime on the scale of 20th-century horrors, to such an extent that since the end of the 1970s Auschwitz has become a symbol of absolute evil. However, in the former Soviet countries, and especially those who are currently European Union candidate countries, the stress is put above all on the very painful memory of Soviet occupation. Eastern Europeans are critical of the weight given to the memory of the Shoah as they believe that Western Europeans minimize the crimes of communism in relation to the extermination of the Jews. In return, Western Europeans denounce Eastern European anti-Semitism. Under pressure from the European Union, many Eastern European countries have begun a phase of anamnesis. However, in spite of official policy, collective memory of the Shoah among civil society in these countries is still limited. Within the former communist bloc the former Soviet republics which remain close to Russia continue to celebrate the \"Great Patriotic War\" masking attempts to cultivate collective memory of the Shoah. This dialogue of the deaf between Western and Eastern Europe is a enduring reality. It is for this reason that intellectuals like Jorge Semprun are calling for the establishment of a mutual recognition of memories of both the Shoah and the Gulag throughout Europe which would serve as a basis for a future common European memory.\n      </p>", "Twenty-five cases of congenital rubella syndrome were recorded in 1,458,126 live births in 19 EUROCAT birth defects registries from 1980 to 1986. During the study period, the incidence declined steadily from 3.50 to 0.41 per 100,000 births. Rubella infection occurred in 12 multiparous women indicating failure in immunization programme.\n      </p>", "The cost of distribution of drugs in European countries is one of the factors causing differences in prices among countries. Twenty countries are analyzed, to demonstrate the differential impact of margins paid to distributors. In most cases, distribution channels include two intermediaries, a wholesaler-distributor and a pharmacist. Three models can be observed: a fixed margin in percentage, either on the ex factory price, or on the public price; a regressive margin model, with more or less complex formulas; and a loosely regulated model, within which the revenue of each actor is set by market competition under a global cap on the difference between ex factory prices and public prices. The multiplicative coefficient varies between 1.14 and 2.44 according to countries and to models. The prices in different countries of three drugs, omeprazole, setraline and ramipril were studied. The cost of distribution tends to increase the variability of the public price, when compared to the variability of ex factory prices. This may explain a part of the often observed difference in cost-effectiveness of a treatment across countries. The efficiency of distribution is also an important factor of the efficiency in health care services\n      </p>", "The citizens of Eastern Europe have witnessed an unprecedented social and economic transformation during the past decade of transition from socialism to market-based economies. We describe the legacy of socialism and summarize the current state of the health sector in ten Eastern European countries, including financing, delivery, purchasing, physician incomes and the widespread phenomenon of under-the-table payments. The proposals for reform, derived from explicit guiding principles, are based on organized public financing for basic care, private financing for supplementary care, pluralistic delivery of services, and managed competition, with attention to incentives and regulation to impose a constraint on overall health spending.\n      </p>", "Using the information provided by the Council of Europe (2002), we analyse the final number of children over several cohorts in 20 European countries. We distinguish between children born before and after the age of 30. One obvious conclusion emerging from the analysis of the data is that the most recent cohorts have fewer children before the age of 30, and more after this age. However, this process of \"ageing fertility\" is not occuring in the same way across all European countries. Four clear patterns of reproduction can be discerned: Western, Central, Southern and Eastern. While in Western European countries, the fertility \"lost\" before the age of 30 is recovered afterwards, in the other areas this is not the case. Using the techniques of factor analysis, taking various socio-economic variables, we attempt to show the value of this distinction to study the differences in the strategies of delay and recovery of fertility in the different groups of countries. /// Cet article exploite les donn\u00e9es du Conseil de l'Europe (2002) pour analyser le nombre final d'enfants de plusieurs cohortes de femmes dans 20 pays europ\u00e9ens. Une distinction est faite entre les enfants n\u00e9s avant que la m\u00e8re n'ait atteint l'\u00e2ge de 30 ans, et ceux n\u00e9s apr\u00e8s. Ce ph\u00e9nom\u00e8ne de \"f\u00e9condit\u00e9 vieillissante\" ne se d\u00e9roule pas de la m\u00eame fa\u00e7on dans tous les pays europ\u00e9ens. Quatre sch\u00e9mas caract\u00e9ristiques sont identifi\u00e9s, correspondant respectivement aux r\u00e9gions situ\u00e9es \u00e0 l'Quest, au Centre, au Sud et \u00e0 l'Est. Dans les pays d'Europe de l'Ouest, la f\u00e9condit\u00e9 \"perdue\" avant l'\u00e2ge de 30 ans est r\u00e9cup\u00e9r\u00e9e apr\u00e8s, mais ce n'est pas toujours le cas dans les autres r\u00e9gions. A l'aide de techniques d'analyse factorielle, nous exploitons diverses variables socio-\u00e9conomiques de mani\u00e8re \u00e0 illustrer la pertinence de ce d\u00e9coupage pour l'\u00e9tude des diff\u00e9rences de strat\u00e9gie de report des naissances dans les diff\u00e9rents groupes de pays.\n      </p>", "Aim The purpose of this study was to improve understanding of the relationship between the spatial patterns of an important insect pest, the aphid Myzus persicae, and aspects of its environment. The main objectives were to determine the predominant geographical, climatic and land use factors that are linked with the aphid's distribution, to quantify their role in determining that distribution, including their interacting effects and to explore the ability of artificial neural networks (ANNs) to provide predictive models. Location The study focused on four spatial scales to account for the aphid data base characteristics and available land use data sets: Europe; a broad zone over Europe covering Belgium, Denmark, France, Ireland, Italy, The Netherlands, Scotland, Sweden and Wales (Regio data base coverage); North-West Europe (i.e. Belgium, France and the United Kingdom); and England with Wales. Methods Multiple linear regression (MLR) was used to identify the variables in the Geographic location, Climate and Land use groups, that explained significant proportions of the variance in M. persicae total annual numbers and Julian date of first capture. A variance partitioning procedure was used to measure the fraction of the variation that can be explained by each environmental factor and of shared variation between the different factors. Finally, ANNs were employed as an alternative modelling approach for the two largest study areas, i.e. Europe and the Regio data base coverage, to determine whether the relationship between aphid and environmental variables was better described by more complex functions as well as their ability to generalize to new data. Results Land use variables are shown to play a significant role in explaining aphid numbers. The area of agricultural crops, in particular oilseed rape, is positively correlated with M. persicae annual numbers. Among the climatic variables, rainfall is negatively correlated with aphid numbers and temperature is positively correlated. The geographical components also explain a significant part of aphid annual numbers. However, the variance partitioning procedure indicates that while each group has an effect, none is dominant. Aphid first capture is mainly explained by climate where rainfall tends to delay migration and warmer conditions tend to advance it. Climate accounts for the greatest part of the variance when considered separately from the other factors. The geographical and land use components also have a significant effect on first capture at each scale, but their direct contribution is negligible. The ability of the ANN models to generalize to new total numbers and phenological data compared with MLR models was less for Europe (9 and 6% increase in the variance accounted for, respectively) than for the Regio data coverage where an increase of 44% in the variance accounted for was observed. Main conclusions This research supports the hypothesis that climate, land use and geographical location play a role in determining patterns of aphid annual numbers and phenology. The ability of ANN models to predict aphid distribution is improved by the inclusion of temporal land use data. However, identification of the processes involved in such relationships is difficult due to numerous interactions between the environmental factors.\n      </p>", "Aim: To deconstruct the biodiversity pattern of the 152 waterbird species breeding in Europe to better understand its multiple causal processes. Location: Continental Europe, Iceland and the British Isles. Methods: We considered the orders that are typically comprised by swimming, diving or wading birds, which inhabit marshes, fens, peatlands and fresh, brackish or salt waters, including coastal waters. We used the 55 main river basins of Europe as geographical units, and searched for either chorotypes (groups of similar species distributions) or gradual replacement of species throughout the river basins. Chorotypes were recognized by applying a probabilistic classification method to the distributions. Then we used GLM to characterize the extent and the species richness of each chorotype according to energy availability (higher levels of environmental energy favouring the presence of species), climatic stress due to an excess of energy, availability of water, productivity, seasonality and surface area. Results: One hundred and forty species significantly aggregate into nine chorotypes. The other 12 species, most of them marine, are centred on Great Britain, dropping away progressively on coasts further away from there. Differences in either the availability of energy or climatic stress significantly characterized the distribution of seven chorotypes comprising 90.8% of the species. Main conclusions: Chorotypes are meaningful and useful to deconstruct biodiversity patterns. Our results suggest that energy is the main factor related to the biogeographical patterns of breeding waterbirds in Europe, and provide an insight into regional trends of species richness previously analysed with a habitat-scale perspective.\n      </p>", "Contemporary cities in East Central Europe (ECE) represent a hybrid type of urban development which is still generally erally considered to be a special case and is only exceptionally referred to in the recently intensified debate over the European city. Our paper argues that such exclusion is short-sighted because ECE cities face structural problems similar to those of their Western pendants. Therefore, the contextual frame of urban research needs to be widened and can no longer be restricted to post-socialist transition. In this regard, one of the main challenges for future urban development will be the consequences of demographic change. Ageing, new patterns of fertility behaviour and more diversified household structures in line with the Second Demographic Transition (SDT) will have significant implications for urban structures and housing markets, as already known for Western Europe. The purpose of this paper is to work out new questions and hypotheses for future urban research with special respect to Polish and Czech cities. Besides West European experience, recent developments in eastern Germany are taken as a frame of reference, assuming that this specific transition case may, in many respects, be regarded as a forerunner for similar developments in its neighbouring countries.\n      </p>", "This paper focuses on internationalization motives of multinational retailers with regard to three Central and Eastern European countries including Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic. Based on the prior literature reviewed, a comprehensive set of retail internationalization motives was identified. The highest ranked retail internalization motives were found to be concerned more with host country-specific motives than home country and firm-specific motives. The study also found that the relative importance of the retail internalization motives varied most with the retail type of operations, and to a moderate extent with the market entry mode. However, no significant difference was found between the relative importance of the retail internalization motives and host country origin.\n      </p>", "The circumstances concerning the diffusion of the main cultivated citrus from their places of origin in Asia are studied here, showing that the citron (Citrus medica L.) was the only one knew in Ancient times in Europe, while the lemon (C. limon [L.] Osbeck), lime (C. aurantiifolia [Christm.] Swingle), pomelo (C. maxima [Burm.] Merr.) and sour orange (C. \u00d7 aurantium L.) were introduced to Europe by the Muslims via the Iberian Peninsula and Sicily, and that the grapefruit (C. paradisi Macfad.), mandarin (C. reticulata Blanco) and sweet orange (C. \u00d7 aurantium L.) arrived to the West between the fifteenth and nineteenth centuries as a result of the trade with the British and Portuguese colonies. /// Se estudian aqu\u00ed las circunstancias referentes a la difusi\u00f3n de los principales c\u00edtricos cultivados desde sus lugares de origen en Asia, mostrando que en la antig\u00fcedad \u00fanicamente se conoc\u00eda en Europa el cidro (Citrus medica L.), que el lim\u00f3n (C. limon [L.] Osbeck), la lima (C. aurantiifolia [Christm.] Swingle), la zamboa (C. maxima [Burm.] Merr.) y la naranja amarga (C. \u00d7 aurantium L.) fueron introducidos en Europa por los musulmanes a trav\u00e9s de la Pen\u00ednsula Ib\u00e9rica y Sicilia, y que el pomelo (C. paradisi Macfad.), la mandarina (C. reticulata Blanco) y la naranja dulce (C. \u00d7 aurantium L.) llegaron a Occidente entre los siglos XV y XIX como resultado del comercio con las colonias brit\u00e1nicas y portuguesas.\n      </p>", "Although the topics of migration and colonization have received renewed archaeological attention in recent years, their relevance to the deep past of hunter-gatherer archaeology has been debated. The Magdalenian colonization of southern Germany after the last glacial maximum, ca. 15,000-13,000 B.P., presents a case study in which many of the debated issues can be explored. Environmental change and relative demographic pressure played a causal role in population movements, leading to a gradual, discontinuous expansion from the Franco-cantabrian refugium. Active social strategies to overcome the risks facing frontier groups helped maintain remarkable uniformity in material culture across hundreds of kilometers, despite shifts in subsistence and settlement patterns required in the newly occupied areas.\n      </p>", "Objectives. This article describes the extent and nature of hospital restructuring across the United States, Canada, and Western Europe, countries with differently organized and financed health-care systems, and assesses the feasibility of international research on the outcomes of hospital restructuring. Methods. The conceptual background, context, and focus for the Bellagio conference on Hospital Restructuring in North America and Western Europe held in November 1996 is provided, illustrating key issues on hospital and workforce trends using the US data with international comparisons. Results. Hospital systems internationally are undertaking very similar restructuring interventions, particularly ones aimed at reducing labor expenses through work redesign. Nursing has been a prime target for work redesign, resulting in changes in numbers and skill mix of nursing staff as well as fundamental reorganizing of clinical care at the inpatient unit level. Yet little is known about the outcomes of such organizational interventions and there are few efforts in place to critically evaluate these actions. Conclusions. Restructuring of the hospital workforce and redesign of work in inpatient settings is widespread and markedly similar across North American and Europe, and warrants systematic study. Cross-national studies of the impact of restructuring inpatient care on patient outcomes would yield valuable lessons about the cost-quality tradeoffs in hospital redesign and reengineering, as well as inform national planning about the numbers and types of nurses needed in the coming decades.\n      </p>", "The author argues the concept of human rights is a development of the older notion of natural rights and that the modern understanding of natural rights evolved in the context of the European struggle to legitimate its overseas empires. The French Revolution changed this by, in effect, linking human rights to the idea of citizenship. Human rights were thus tied not only to a specific ethical-legal code but also implicitly to a particular kind of political system, both of inescapably European origin. In both cases, however, being employed was an underlying idea of universality whose origins are to be found in the Greek and Roman idea of a common law for all humanity. He ends by arguing that to defend human rights against its non-Western critics, one must be aware of the genealogy of the concept and then be prepared to endorse an essentially Western European understanding of the human.\n      </p>", "Currently East Europe and the USSR have high financing requirements for the restructuring and modernization of their real sectors. Concurrently, restrictions on foreign travel and purchases are being reduced. This results in a need for large amounts of foreign borrowings. According to senior European bankers, these borrowings are not bankable under usual parameters for bonds or bank loans. This article outlines a financial instrument which links the debt obligation with the countries' ability to pay, constituting an ideal financing vehicle for the New Europe.\n      </p>", "This paper applies a compartmental epidemic modelling system to the estimation of HIV infection transfers between the nations of Western Europe for the period 1973-98. This multiregional model imitates the formation of disease contacts by both local and international travel, where the latter is assumed to have the lower sensitivity to the effects of spatial separation. This system is calibrated in two stages: first, disease parameter sets are found to best fit the timing of recorded AIDS incidence in each nation; and second, these sets are entered into a multiregion setting to identify the travel parameters that support the lags between these series. The outputs include estimates for the first year of HIV incidence in each country and the subsequent pathways of infection transfer that connect these dates. The results indicate the contrasting roles of the southern and northern countries within the continental epidemic and point to national variations in the recent delaying effects on AIDS incidence of drug combination therapies.\n      </p>", "Variation in 21 measurements of skulls of roe deer (Capreolus capreolus) from eight geographic samples covering most of the range of the species in Europe was studied to assess morphological differences among populations. A total of 266 skulls of adult roe deer (133 females, 133 males) was included in the analysis; sexes were studied separately. Despite the occurrence of roe deer in a wide variety of habitats, variations in skull morphology among populations were not acute. Length of skull was the principal factor of interpopulational variability in roe deer. Variation was not distributed along clines of latitude, longitude, or elevation, but those factors did influence variation through effects on primary production, which in turn caused isolated differences in skull morphology apparently related to types of forage selected by roe deer in various geographic areas. Morphological and adaptative variation in skulls of roe deer suggested the existence of ecotypes rather than subspecies.\n      </p>", "How do civic associations in Eastern Europe organize themselves online? Based on data collected on 1,585 East European civil society Web sites, the authors identify five emergent genres of organizing technologies: newsletters, interactive platforms, multilingual solicitations, directories, and brochures. These clusters do not correspond to stages of development. Moreover, newer Web sites are more likely to be typical of their genre, suggesting that forms are becoming more distinctive. In contrast to the utopian image of a de-territorialized, participatory global civil society, the authors' examination of the structure of hyperlinks finds that transnational types of Web sites are not inclined to be participatory. Whereas other paradigms focus on inequality of users' online access, the authors probe inequality in the accessibility of Web sites to potential users through search engine technology and show how this varies across different types of civil society Web sites.\n      </p>", "The studies on death almost always analyse the cases of what could be called \"a normal death,\" that is when someone dies in his family or not far from the family, and in which case the burial ritual may be strictly observed. The object of the present study is to answer to a less known aspect, i.e., the collective death of large groups of persons far from home, in war. With an aim to possibly identifying the elements that make up a specific ritual, a series of instances characteristic to Eastern Europe between the 15th-19th centuries have been considered.\n      </p>", "A method is devised to reconstruct the vegetation ecosystems from pollen data. The twelve ecosystems undisturbed by man by Olson, Watts &amp; Allison (1985) for Europe are refined into twenty-three more homogeneous entities. Each entity is characterized by three typical pollen spectra. A canonical correlation analysis is performed to optimize the climatic signal in the pollen data. A set of 1249 modern spectra and 330 fossil spectra for 6000 BP is available. Each of these pollen spectra is transformed into canonical coordinates and compared to the sixty-nine typical spectra to obtain the best analogue ecosystem. The carbon density provided by Olsen for each of the ecosystems are refined by using a regression model and a net primary productivity model. The area covered by each of the ecosystems and these carbon densities are used to calculate the total carbon storage in the vegetation. In this study, we do not take into account the carbon stored in the soil. It appears that the carbon storage in the phytomass has not changed since 6000 BP, because the quasi-disapperance of the tundra was compensated by the extension of the deciduous forest which contains less carbon than the conifer forests.\n      </p>", "In Europe as in the world, national economies are following divergent trajectories in their way out of the crisis of Fordism. Some rely on 'negotiated involvement of workers', others on the flexibility of the wage contract. This creates a centre-periphery type hierarchy between countries. Unfortunately the Maastricht treaty implies rules of the game which induce countries to shift towards the 'flexibility' solution. The text advocates some reforms that could induce a socially preferable general evolution, notably towards shorter labour-time.\n      </p>", "It is commonly accepted that the years 1899-1939 represent a highpoint in anti-Semitism in western societies. What factors account for the wave of extraordinary anti-Semitism after 1899? Was the rise of anti-Semitism between 1899 and the Holocaust uneven? Did anti-Semitism vary in content and intensity across societies? Did Germans embrace anti-Semitism differently from French, Italian, Romanian, and British citizens? Data drawn from the annual volumes of the American Jewish Year Book are used to examine these questions systematically. Pooled time-series analyses suggest that variation in anti-Semitism over time and across countries was largely a function of economic conditions and Jewish immigration, and to a limited extent of the rise of leftist parties. /// Il est g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement admis que les ann\u00e9es qui s'\u00e9tendent de 1899 \u00e0 1939 marquent l'apog\u00e9e de l'antis\u00e9mitisme dans les soci\u00e9t\u00e9s occidentales. Quels sont les facteurs qui expliquent l'extraordinaire vague d'antis\u00e9mitisme qui d\u00e9ferla \u00e0 partir de 1899? L'antis\u00e9mitisme varie-t-il en contenu et en intensit\u00e9 \u00e0 travers le temps et selon les types de soci\u00e9t\u00e9? L'auteur utilise des \u00e9l\u00e9ments tir\u00e9s des publications annuelles de l'American Jewish Year Books pour se livrer \u00e0 un examen syst\u00e9matique de ces questions. Des analyses de s\u00e9quences \u00e9tal\u00e9es dans le temps sugg\u00e8rent que les variations de l'antis\u00e9mitisme les \u00e9poques et \u00e0 travers les pays d\u00e9pendent largement des conditions \u00e9conomiques, de l'immigration des Juifs, et dans une certaine mesure de la mont\u00e9e des partis de gauche.\n      </p>", "Aim Invasive alien species are a growing threat to biodiversity, and identifying the mechanisms that enable these species to establish viable populations in their new environment is paramount for management of the problems they pose. Using an unusually large number of both failed and successful documented introductions of parakeets (Aves: Psittacidae) in Europe, we test two of the major hypotheses on the establishment success of invading species, namely the climate-matching and the human-activity hypothesis. Location European human population centres where ring-necked parakeet (Psittacula krameri) and/or monk parakeet (Myiopsitta monachus) introductions have occurred. Methods Data on ring-necked and monk parakeet introductions in Europe were gathered from various sources, including published books and articles, but also from unpublished reports and local grey literature. Information was verified with experts from the region under consideration. In order to test the climate-matching hypothesis, we verified whether the climatic factors that determine the parakeets' native ranges also explain establishment success in Europe. Parakeet occurrence data from the native ranges were analysed using the presence-only modelling method MAXENT, and correlations between parakeet establishment and climatic and anthropogenic variables in Europe were assessed using both stepwise logistic regression and the information-theoretic model selection approach. Results The establishment success of ring-necked and monk parakeets was found to be positively associated with human population density, and, both in the native and in the introduced regions, parakeet occurrence was negatively correlated with the number of frost days. Thus, parakeets are more likely to establish in warmer and human-dominated areas. Main conclusions The large number of independent parakeet introductions in Europe allows us to test the often-used climate-matching and human-activity hypotheses at the species level. We show that both hypotheses offer insight into the invasion process of monk and ring-necked parakeets. Our results suggest that, in the future, parakeet establishment probability may increase even further because global warming is likely to cause a decrease in the number of frost days and because urbanization and human populations are still increasing.\n      </p>"], "words": {"concept": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "caused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spiders": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subjects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "causes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 37, "prob": 0.0003064068005747198}, "modernization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divergent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "belonging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "east,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "did": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "notes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upper": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mediterranean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "direct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "budget": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "even": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resurgence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "witnessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brief": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reconstruction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "net": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "health,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seeks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multinational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multivariate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "here": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "reported": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explore": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "twentieth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "balance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studied": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "commonly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "social": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "opinion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "architectural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "replace": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archaeological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "total": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crisis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "takes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cultivation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "themselves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "until": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reflects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "populations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apparent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archaeobotanical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scale,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "circumstances": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flora": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rights": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "this": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "challenge": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "work": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "trajectories": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "can": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evolved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "making": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heart": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "heard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foods": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "numbers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "council": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "information": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requirements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "winter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "six": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revisit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immune": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "globalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "symposium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "map": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "description": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undergoing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lumi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "diffusion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "natural": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sectors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "light": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "documentation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypotheses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fundamental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "correlation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interpretation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argues": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demographic,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reconstruct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cold": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "still": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "maps": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "norway": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mettre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "descriptive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "richness": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "hunter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lesser": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "committees": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extent,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "always": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grasslands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "composition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "each": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "higher": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "traces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commonwealth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "en": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "series": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "energy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constitute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aids": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "space": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "open": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "re": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cause": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "viable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "earlier": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bioarchaeological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "struggle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "could": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transition": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "priorities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "place": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "threat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twenty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "origin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "features": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "italy,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nutritional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "quality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "given": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "publication": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bears": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "europe": {"number": 35, "prob": 0.0002898442708139241}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "their": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "floristic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "temperate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collapse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "that": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "explanation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "western": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "representing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "begins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "database": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tree": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aims": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "nations": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "are": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "and": {"number": 53, "prob": 0.0004389070386610851}, "hotspots": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "topics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modern": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "prostitution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "need": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "any": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acceleration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "endangered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "online": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vegetation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "differences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "though": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arguing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "eight": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "america": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "death": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "isotopic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drawing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "notion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "taxonomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asylum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "decade": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "occupation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northern": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "morbidity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interspecific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controls": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tropics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hiv": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conduct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "legitimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "years": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "following": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determinants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "settings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "numerous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fertility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sediment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "looks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "individual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "migration": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cattle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discussions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pattern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "currently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biodiversity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outside": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "progress": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "across": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "renewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "cities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "declining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "climate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "epidemics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "region": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "according": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attributed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "s": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "logic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spain,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variability,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relevant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "invasive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roman": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "environments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "throughout": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "union": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "political": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "motives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "territory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "direction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eastern": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "drugs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "migration,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerning": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "body": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "modelling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "former": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "doronicum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transformation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aim": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "near": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socialism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wild": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "voice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "real": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "century": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "almost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "against": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "in": {"number": 57, "prob": 0.0004720320981826764}, "comparative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greater": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "author": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coronary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographical": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "document": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "events": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "development": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "independent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neolithic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "here,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "purpose": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aggregate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "genus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "off": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "older": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ocean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "limestone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 138, "prob": 0.0011428145534949008}, "soviet": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dimension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pollen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taxa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assigned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internationalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "now": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "density": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "causing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bloc": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "east": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "unprecedented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "devised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "showing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "early": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "grid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epidemic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accepted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prominent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fossils": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retailers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intestinal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twelve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "czech": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "home": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "racial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "educational,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leaf": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dimensions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "broad": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recorded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "religion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "power": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colonization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "restructuring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shifting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "post": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "by": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "on": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "about": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "central": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "world": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 108, "prob": 0.0008943766070829658}, "citizens": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discussed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ecological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teaching,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discusses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "metaphors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "civic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "within": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "assess": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ussr": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultivated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "jews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assumed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "housing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "start": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "low": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "way": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "war": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lowest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "jewish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "atlantic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "segregation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "places": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "us": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "autocorrelation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "landscapes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "called": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adults": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "received": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deep": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "france,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "at": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gradients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "whereas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "republic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "spatial": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "distribution,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "insect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "infection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "europe,": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "correlated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "e": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevalent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "age": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mass": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overseas": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}}}