{"total_words": 1670, "documents": ["The emergence of language was a defining moment in the evolution of modern humans. It was an innovation that changed radically the character of human society. Here, we provide an approach to language evolution based on evolutionary game theory. We explore the ways in which protolanguages can evolve in a nonlinguistic society and how specific signals can become associated with specific objects. We assume that early in the evolution of language, errors in signaling and perception would be common. We model the probability of misunderstanding a signal and show that this limits the number of objects that can be described by a protolanguage. This \"error limit\" is not overcome by employing more sounds but by combining a small set of more easily distinguishable sounds into words. The process of \"word formation\" enables a language to encode an essentially unlimited number of objects. Next, we analyze how words can be combined into sentences and specify the conditions for the evolution of very simple grammatical rules. We argue that grammar originated as a simplified rule system that evolved by natural selection to reduce mistakes in communication. Our theory provides a systematic approach for thinking about the origin and evolution of human language.\n      </p>", "Cancer is the consequence of an unwanted evolutionary process. Cells receive mutations that alter their phenotype. Especially dangerous are those mutations that increase the net reproductive rate of cells, thereby leading to neoplasia and later to cancer. The standard models of evolutionary dynamics consider well mixed populations of individuals in symmetric positions. Here we introduce a spatially explicit, asymmetric stochastic process that captures the essential architecture of evolutionary dynamics operating within tissues of multicellular organisms. The \"linear process\" has the property of canceling out selective differences among cells yet retaining the protective function of apoptosis. This design can slow down the rate of somatic evolution dramatically and therefore delay the onset of cancer.\n      </p>", "Mycobacterium tuberculosis is a high GC Gram-positive member of the actinobacteria. The mycobacterial cell wall is composed of a complex assortment of lipids and is the interface between the bacterium and its environment. The biosynthesis of fatty acids plays an essential role in the formation of cell wall components, in particular mycolic acids, which have been targeted by many of the drugs used to treat M. tuberculosis infection. M. tuberculosis has \u2248250 genes involved in fatty acid metabolism, a much higher proportion than in any other organism. In silico methods have been used to compare the genome of M. tuberculosis CDC1551 to a database of 58 complete bacterial genomes. The resulting alignments were scanned for genes specifically involved in fatty acid biosynthetic pathway I. Phylogenetic analysis of these alignments was used to investigate horizontal gene transfer, gene duplication, and adaptive evolution. It was found that of the eight gene families examined, five of the phylogenies reconstructed suggest that the actinobacteria have a closer relationship with the \u03b1-proteobacteria than expected. This is either due to either an ancient transfer of genes or deep paralogy and subsequent retention of the genes in unrelated lineages. Additionally, adaptive evolution and gene duplication have been an influence in the evolution of the pathway. This study provides a key insight into how M. tuberculosis has developed its unique fatty acid synthetic abilities.\n      </p>", "Gnathostome vertebrates have multiple members of the Dlx family of transcription factors that are expressed during the development of several tissues considered to be vertebrate synapomorphies, including the forebrain, cranial neural crest, placodes, and pharyngeal arches. The Dlx gene family thus presents an ideal system in which to examine the relationship between gene duplication and morphological innovation during vertebrate evolution. Toward this end, we have cloned Dlx genes from the lamprey Petromyzon marinus, an agnathan vertebrate that occupies a critical phylogenetic position between cephalochordates and gnathostomes. We have identified four Dlx genes in P. marinus, whose orthology with gnathostome Dlx genes provides a model for how this gene family evolved in the vertebrate lineage. Differential expression of these lamprey Dlx genes in the forebrain, cranial neural crest, pharyngeal arches, and sensory placodes of lamprey embryos provides insight into the developmental evolution of these structures as well as a model of regulatory evolution after Dlx gene duplication events.\n      </p>", "Fossil Foraminifera appear in the Early Cambrian, at about the same time as the first skeletonized metazoans. However, due to the inadequate preservation of early unilocular (single-chambered) foraminiferal tests and difficulties in their identification, the evolution of early foraminifers is poorly understood. By using molecular data from a wide range of extant naked and testate unilocular species, we demonstrate that a large radiation of nonfossilized unilocular Foraminifera preceded the diversification of multilocular lineages during the Carboniferous. Within this radiation, similar test morphologies and wall types developed several times independently. Our findings indicate that the early Foraminifera were an important component of Neoproterozoic protistan community, whose ecological complexity was probably much higher than has been generally accepted.\n      </p>", "The presence of genetic variation for learning ability in animals opens the way for experiments asking how and under what ecological circumstances improved learning ability should evolve. Here we report experimental evolution of learning ability in Drosophila melanogaster. We exposed experimental populations for 51 generations to conditions that we expected to favor associative learning with regard to oviposition substrate choice. Flies that learned to associate a chemical cue (quinine) with a particular substrate, and still avoided this substrate several hours after the cue had been removed, were expected to contribute more alleles to the next generation. From about generation 15 on, the experimental populations showed marked ability to avoid oviposition substrates that several hours earlier had contained the chemical cue. The improved response to conditioning was also expressed when the flies were faced with a choice of novel media. We demonstrate that these behavioral changes are caused by the evolution of both a higher learning rate and a better memory.\n      </p>", "The development of most phenotypic traits involves complex interactions between many underlying factors, both genetic and environmental. To study the evolution of such processes, a set of mathematical relationships is derived that describe how selection acts to change the distribution of genetic variation given arbitrarily complex developmental interactions and any distribution of genetic and environmental variation. The result is illustrated by using it to derive models for the evolution of dominance and for the evolutionary consequences of asymmetry in the distribution of genetic variation.\n      </p>", "Most studies of microsatellite evolution utilize long, highly mutable loci, which are unrepresentative of the majority of simple repeats in the human genome. Here we use an unbiased sample of 2,467 microsatellite loci derived from alignments of 5.1 Mb of genomic sequence from human and chimpanzee to investigate the mutation process of tandemly repetitive DNA. The results indicate that the process of microsatellite evolution is highly heterogeneous, exhibiting differences between loci of different lengths and motif sizes and between species. We find a highly significant tendency for human dinucleotide repeats to be longer than their orthologues in chimpanzees, whereas the opposite trend is observed in mononucleotide repeat arrays. Furthermore, the rate of divergence between orthologues is significantly higher at longer loci, which also show significantly greater mutability per repeat number. These observations have important consequences for understanding the molecular mechanisms of microsatellite mutation and for the development of improved measures of genetic distance.\n      </p>", "An improved understanding of the evolution of gene function at the molecular level may provide significant insights into the origin of biological novelty and adaptation. With the approach of ancestral protein reconstruction, we here address the question of how a dramatically enhanced ribonucleolytic activity and the related antiviral activity evolved in a recently duplicated ribonuclease (eosinophil-derived neurotoxin) gene of higher primates. We show that the mother gene of the duplicated genes had already possessed a weak antiviral activity before duplication. After duplication, substitutions at two interacting sites (Arg-64\u2192Ser and Thr-132\u2192Arg) resulted in a 13-fold enhancement of the ribonucleolytic activity of eosinophil-derived neurotoxin. These substitutions are also necessary for the potent antiviral activity, with contributions from additional amino acid changes at interacting sites. Our observation that a change in eosinophil-derived neurotoxin function occurs only when both interacting sites are altered indicates the importance of complementary substitutions in protein evolution. Thus, neutral substitutions are not simply \"noises\" in protein evolution, as many have thought. They may play constructive roles by setting the intramolecular microenvironment for further complementary advantageous substitutions, which can lead to improved or altered function. Overall, our study illustrates the power of the \"paleomolecular biochemistry\" approach in delineating the complex interplays of amino acid substitutions in evolution and in identifying the molecular basis of biological innovation.\n      </p>", "Regulation of physiological functions with approximate daily periodicity, or circadian rhythms, is a characteristic feature of eukaryotes. Until recently, cyanobacteria were the only prokaryotes reported to possess circadian rhythmicity. It is controlled by a cluster of three genes: kaiA, kaiB, and kaiC. Using sequence data of \u224870 complete prokaryotic genomes from the various public depositories, we show here that the kai genes and their homologs have quite a different evolutionary history and occur in Archaea and Proteobacteria as well. Among the three genes, kaiC is evolutionarily the oldest, and kaiA is the youngest and likely evolved only in cyanobacteria. Our data suggest that the prokaryotic circadian pacemakers have evolved in parallel with the geological history of the earth, and that natural selection, multiple lateral transfers, and gene duplications and losses have been the major factors shaping their evolution.\n      </p>", "We study fitness landscape in the space of protein sequences by relating sets of human pathogenic missense mutations in 32 proteins to amino acid substitutions that occurred in the course of evolution of these proteins. On average, \u224810% of deviations of a nonhuman protein from its human ortholog are compensated pathogenic deviations (CPDs), i.e., are caused by an amino acid substitution that, at this site, would be pathogenic to humans. Normal functioning of a CPD-containing protein must be caused by other, compensatory deviations of the nonhuman species from humans. Together, a CPD and the corresponding compensatory deviation form a Dobzhansky-Muller incompatibility that can be visualized as the corner on a fitness ridge. Thus, proteins evolve along fitness ridges which contain only \u224810 steps between successive corners. The fraction of CPDs among all deviations of a protein from its human ortholog does not increase with the evolutionary distance between the proteins, indicating that substitutions that carry evolving proteins around these corners occur in rapid succession, driven by positive selection. Data on fitness of interspecies hybrids suggest that the compensatory change that makes a CPD fit usually occurs within the same protein. Data on protein structures and on cooccurrence of amino acids at different sites of multiple orthologous proteins often make it possible to provisionally identify the substitution that compensates a particular CPD.\n      </p>", "Using a previously undescribed approach, we develop an analytic model that predicts whether an asexual population accumulates advantageous or deleterious mutations over time and the rate at which either process occurs. The model considers a large number of linked identical loci, or nucleotide sites; assumes that the selection coefficient per site is much less than the mutation rate per genome; and includes back and compensating mutations. Using analysis and Monte Carlo simulations, we demonstrate the accuracy of our results over almost the entire range of population sizes. Two limiting cases of our results, when either deleterious or advantageous mutations can be neglected, correspond to the Fisher-Muller effect and Muller's ratchet, respectively. By comparing predictions of our model (no recombination) to those of simple single-locus models (strong recombination), we show that the accumulation of advantageous mutations is slowed by linkage over a broad, finite range of population size. This supports the view of Fisher and Muller, who argued in the 1930s that progressive evolution of organisms is slowed because loci at which beneficial mutations can occur are often linked together on the same chromosome. These results follow from our main finding, that distribution of sequences over the mutation number evolves as a traveling wave whose speed and width depend on population size and other parameters. The model explains a logarithmic dependence of steady-state fitness on the population size reported recently for an RNA virus.\n      </p>", "Filamentous fungi within the Fusarium graminearum species complex (Fg complex) are the primary etiological agents of Fusarium head blight (scab) of wheat and barley. Scab is an economically devastating plant disease that greatly limits grain yield and quality. In addition, scabby grain is often contaminated with trichothecene mycotoxins that act as virulence factors on some hosts, and pose a serious threat to animal health and food safety. Strain-specific differences in trichothecene metabolite profiles (chemotypes) are not well correlated with the Fg complex phylogeny based on genealogical concordance at six single-copy nuclear genes. To examine the basis for this discord between species and toxin evolution, a 19-kb region of the trichothecene gene cluster was sequenced in 39 strains chosen to represent the global genetic diversity of species in the Fg complex and four related species of Fusarium. Phylogenetic analyses demonstrated that polymorphism within these virulence-associated genes is transspecific and appears to have been maintained by balancing selection acting on chemotype differences that originated in the ancestor of this important group of plant pathogens. Chemotype-specific differences in selective constraint and evidence of adaptive evolution within trichothecene genes are also reported.\n      </p>", "The evolution of the Metazoa from protozoans is one of the major milestones in life's history. The genetic and developmental events involved in this evolutionary transition are unknown but may have involved the evolution of genes required for signaling and gene regulation in metazoans. The genome of animal ancestors may be reconstructed by identification of animal genes that are shared with related eukaryotes, particularly those that share a more recent ancestry and cell biology with animals. The choanoflagellates have long been suspected to be closer relatives of animals than are fungi, the closest outgroup of animals for which comparative genomic information is available. Phylogenetic analyses of choanoflagellate and animal relationships based on small subunit rDNA sequence, however, have yielded ambiguous and conflicting results. We find that analyses of four conserved proteins from a unicellular choanoflagellate, Monosiga brevicollis, provide robust support for a close relationship between choanoflagellates and Metazoa, suggesting that comparison of the complement of expressed genes from choanoflagellates and animals may be informative concerning the early evolution of metazoan genomes. We have discovered in M. brevicollis the first receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK), to our knowledge, identified outside of the Metazoa, MBRTK1. The architecture of MBRTK1, which includes multiple extracellular ligand-binding domains, resembles that of RTKs in sponges and humans and suggests the ability to receive and transduce signals. Thus, choanoflagellates express genes involved in animal development that are not found in other eukaryotes and that may be linked to the origin of the Metazoa.\n      </p>", "Sequence evolution of the reverse transcriptase (RT) gene in retrotransposons belonging to the Ty1-copia class was studied in 11 plant species. Phylogenetic reconstruction of the evolutionary history of RT sequences indicated a strong pattern of purifying selection, manifested as high ratios of third to first plus second codon position substitutions, and low ratios of nonsynonymous substitutions per nonsynonymous site to synonymous substitutions per synonymous site, especially in internal portions of the element phylogenies. Evidence of purifying selection was most pronounced in plant species with low estimated copy numbers of Ty1-copia elements. This finding is consistent with the hypothesis that high element turnover rates (e.g., caused by high rates of element loss and selection against high element copy number) favors elements capable of transposition. Simulations of RT sequence evolution were conducted to help verify the logical validity of this conclusion. The results argue that it is incorrect to assume that low copy numbers of transposable elements are the product of reduced levels of element activity.\n      </p>", "The vomeronasal organ (VNO) detects pheromones in many vertebrate species but is likely to be vestigial in humans. TRPC2(TRP2), a gene that is essential for VNO function in the mouse, is a pseudogene in humans. Because TRPC2 is expressed only in the VNO, the loss of selective pressure on this gene can serve as a molecular marker for the time at which the VNO became vestigial. By analyzing sequence data from the TRPC2 gene of 15 extant primate species, we provide evidence that the VNO was most likely functional in the common ancestor of New World monkeys and Old World monkeys and apes, but then became vestigial in the common ancestor of Old World monkeys and apes. We propose that, at this point in evolution, other modalities, notably the development of color vision, may have largely replaced signaling by pheromones.\n      </p>", "Cytochrome c oxidase (COX) is a 13-subunit protein complex that catalyzes the last step in mitochondrial electron transfer in mammals. Of the 10 subunits encoded by nuclear DNA (three are mtDNA products), some are expressed as tissue- and/or development-specific isoforms. For COX subunit VIII, previous work showed that expression of the contractile muscle-specific isoform gene, COX8H, is absent in humans and Old World monkeys, and the other isoform gene, COX8L, is expressed ubiquitously. Here, we show that COX8H is transcribed in most primate clades, but its expression is absent in catarrhines, that is, in Old World monkeys and hominids (apes, including humans), having become a pseudogene in the stem of the catarrhines. The ubiquitously expressed isoform, COX8L, underwent nonsynonymous rate acceleration and elevation in the ratio of nonsynonymous/synonymous changes in the stem of anthropoid primates (New World monkeys and catarrhines), possibly setting the stage for loss of the heart-type (H) isoform. The most rapidly evolving region of VIII-L is one that interacts with COX I, suggesting that the changes are functionally coadaptive. Because accelerated rates of nonsynonymous substitutions in anthropoids such as observed for COX8L are also shown by genes for at least 13 other electron transport chain components, these encoded amino acid replacements may be viewed as part of a series of coadaptive changes that optimized the anthropoid biochemical machinery for aerobic energy metabolism. We argue that these changes were linked to the evolution of an expanded neocortex in anthropoid primates.\n      </p>", "Understanding the pattern of speciation in a group of plants is critical for understanding its morphological evolution. Lepidium is the genus with the largest variation in floral structure in Brassicaceae, a family in which the floral ground plan is remarkably stable. However, flowers in more than half of Lepidium species have reduced stamen numbers, and most of these also have reduced petals. The species with reduced flowers are geographically biased, distributed mostly in the Americas and Australia/New Zealand. Previous phylogenetic studies using noncoding regions of chloroplast DNA and rDNA internal transcribed spacer were incongruent in most New World species relationships. These data, combined with the presence of many polyploid Lepidium species, implied a reticulate history of the genus but did not provide enough information to infer the evolutionary pattern of flower structures. To address this question more thoroughly, sequences of the first intron of a single copy nuclear gene, PISTILLATA, were determined from 43 species. Phylogenetic analysis of the PI intron suggests that many species in the New World have originated from allopolyploidization, and that this is correlated with floral reduction. Interspecific hybrids were generated to understand why allopolyploidization is associated with reduced flowers. The phenotypes of F1 flowers indicate allelic dominance of the absence of lateral stamens, suggesting that propagation of dominant alleles through interspecific hybridization could account for the abundance of the allopolyploid species without lateral stamens.\n      </p>", "We present here the description of genes coding for molluscan hemocyanins. Two distantly related mollusks, Haliotis tuberculata and Octopus dofleini, were studied. The typical architecture of a molluscan hemocyanin subunit, which is a string of seven or eight globular functional units (FUs, designated a to h, about 50 kDa each), is reflected by the gene organization: a series of eight structurally related coding regions in Haliotis, corresponding to FU-a to FU-h, with seven highly variable linker introns of 174 to 3,198 bp length (all in phase 1). In Octopus seven coding regions (FU-a to FU-g) are found, separated by phase 1 introns varying in length from 100 bp to 910 bp. Both genes exhibit typical signal (export) sequences, and in both cases these are interrupted by an additional intron. Each gene also contains an intron between signal peptide and FU-a and in the 3\u2032 untranslated region. Of special relevance for evolutionary considerations are introns interrupting those regions that encode a discrete functional unit. We found that five of the eight FUs in Haliotis each are encoded by a single exon, whereas FU-f, FU-g, and FU-a are encoded by two, three and four exons, respectively. Similarly, in Octopus four of the FUs each correspond to an uninterrupted exon, whereas FU-b, FU-e, and FU-f each contain a single intron. Although the positioning of the introns between FUs is highly conserved in the two mollusks, the introns within FUs show no relationship either in location nor phase. It is proposed that the introns between FUs were generated as the eight-unit polypeptide evolved from a monomeric precursor, and that the internal introns have been added later. A hypothesis for evolution of the ring-like quaternary structure of molluscan hemocyanins is presented.\n      </p>", "Generation of morphological diversity remains a challenge for evolutionary biologists because it is unclear how an ultimately finite number of genes involved in initial pattern formation integrates with morphogenesis. Ideally, models used to search for the simplest developmental principles on how genes produce form should account for both developmental process and evolutionary change. Here we present a model reproducing the morphology of mammalian teeth by integrating experimental data on gene interactions and growth into a morphodynamic mechanism in which developing morphology has a causal role in patterning. The model predicts the course of tooth-shape development in different mammalian species and also reproduces key transitions in evolution. Furthermore, we reproduce the known expression patterns of several genes involved in tooth development and their dynamics over developmental time. Large morphological effects frequently can be achieved by small changes, according to this model, and similar morphologies can be produced by different changes. This finding may be consistent with why predicting the morphological outcomes of molecular experiments is challenging. Nevertheless, models incorporating morphology and gene activity show promise for linking genotypes to phenotypes.\n      </p>", "Gene duplication creates evolutionary novelties by using older tools in new ways. We have identified evidence that the genes for enamel matrix proteins (EMPs), milk caseins, and salivary proteins comprise a family descended from a common ancestor by tandem gene duplication. These genes remain linked, except for one EMP gene, amelogenin. These genes show common structural features and are expressed in ontogenetically similar tissues. Many of these genes encode secretory Ca-binding phosphoproteins, which regulate the Ca-phosphate concentration of the extracellular environment. By exploiting this fundamental property, these genes have subsequently diversified to serve specialized adaptive functions. Casein makes milk supersaturated with Ca-phosphate, which was critical to the successive mammalian divergence. The innovation of enamel led to mineralized feeding apparatus, which enabled active predation of early vertebrates. The EMP genes comprise a subfamily not identified previously. A set of genes for dentine and bone extracellular matrix proteins constitutes an additional cluster distal to the EMP gene cluster, with similar structural features to EMP genes. The duplication and diversification of the primordial genes for enamel/dentine/bone extracellular matrix may have been important in core vertebrate feeding adaptations, the mineralized skeleton, the evolution of saliva, and, eventually, lactation. The order of duplication events may help delineate early events in mineralized skeletal formation, which is a major characteristic of vertebrates.\n      </p>", "Attempts to calibrate bacterial evolution have relied on the assumption that rates of molecular sequence divergence in bacteria are similar to those of higher eukaryotes, or to those of the few bacterial taxa for which ancestors can be reliably dated from ecological or geological evidence. Despite similarities in the substitution rates estimated for some lineages, comparisons of the relative rates of evolution at different classes of nucleotide sites indicate no basis for their universal application to all bacteria. However, there is evidence that bacteria have a constant genome-wide mutation rate on an evolutionary time scale but that this rate differs dramatically from the rate estimated by experimental methods.\n      </p>", "The hypothesis of the origin of consciousness is built upon the unique properties of the mammalian neocortex. The apical dendrites of the pyramidal cells bundle together as they ascend to lamina I to form neural receptor units of $\\thickapprox$ 100 apical dendrites plus branches receiving hundreds of thousands of excitatory synapses, the collective assemblage being called a dendron. It is proposed that the whole world of consciousness, the mental world, is microgranular, with mental units called psychons, and that in mind-brain interaction one psychon is linked to one dendron through quantum physics. The hypothesis is that in mammalian evolution dendrons evolved for more effective integration of the increased complexity of sensory inputs. These evolved dendrons had the capacity for interacting with psychons that came to exist, so forming the mental world and giving the mammal conscious experiences. In Darwinian evolution, consciousness would have occurred initially some 200 million years ago in relation to the primitive cerebral cortices of evolving mammals. It would give global experiences of a surrounding world for guiding behavior beyond what is given by the unconscious operation of sensory cortical areas per se. So conscious experiences would give mammals evolutionary advantage over the reptiles, which lack a neocortex giving consciousness. The Wulst of the avian brain needs further investigation to discover how it could give birds the consciousness that they seem to have.\n      </p>", "We introduce and analyze a general model of a population evolving over a network of selectively neutral genotypes. We show that the population's limit distribution on the neutral network is solely determined by the network topology and given by the principal eigenvector of the network's adjacency matrix. Moreover, the average number of neutral mutant neighbors per individual is given by the matrix spectral radius. These results quantify the extent to which populations evolve mutational robustness--the insensitivity of the phenotype to mutations--and thus reduce genetic load. Because the average neutrality is independent of evolutionary parameters--such as mutation rate, population size, and selective advantage--one can infer global statistics of neutral network topology by using simple population data available from in vitro or in vivo evolution. Populations evolving on neutral networks of RNA secondary structures show excellent agreement with our theoretical predictions.\n      </p>", "A theory for the evolution of cellular organization is presented. The model is based on the (data supported) conjecture that the dynamic of horizontal gene transfer (HGT) is primarily determined by the organization of the recipient cell. Aboriginal cell designs are taken to be simple and loosely organized enough that all cellular componentry can be altered and/or displaced through HGT, making HGT the principal driving force in early cellular evolution. Primitive cells did not carry a stable organismal genealogical trace. Primitive cellular evolution is basically communal. The high level of novelty required to evolve cell designs is a product of communal invention, of the universal HGT field, not intralineage variation. It is the community as a whole, the ecosystem, which evolves. The individual cell designs that evolved in this way are nevertheless fundamentally distinct, because the initial conditions in each case are somewhat different. As a cell design becomes more complex and interconnected a critical point is reached where a more integrated cellular organization emerges, and vertically generated novelty can and does assume greater importance. This critical point is called the \"Darwinian Threshold\" for the reasons given.\n      </p>", "To study the evolution of the yeast protein interaction network, we first classified yeast proteins by their evolutionary histories into isotemporal categories, then analyzed the interaction tendencies within and between the categories, and finally reconstructed the main growth path. We found that two proteins tend to interact with each other if they are in the same or similar categories, but tended to avoid each other otherwise, and that network evolution mirrors the universal tree of life. These observations suggest synergistic selection during network evolution and provide insights into the hierarchical modularity of cellular networks.\n      </p>", "The genomic era revolutionized evolutionary biology. The enigma of genotypic-phenotypic diversity and biodiversity evolution of genes, genomes, phenomes, and biomes, reviewed here, was central in the research program of the Institute of Evolution, University of Haifa, since 1975. We explored the following questions. (i) How much of the genomic and phenomic diversity in nature is adaptive and processed by natural selection? (ii) What is the origin and evolution of adaptation and speciation processes under spatiotemporal variables and stressful macrogeographic and microgeographic environments? We advanced ecological genetics into ecological genomics and analyzed globally ecological, demographic, and life history variables in 1,200 diverse species across life, thousands of populations, and tens of thousands of individuals tested mostly for allozyme and partly for DNA diversity. Likewise, we tested thermal, chemical, climatic, and biotic stresses in several model organisms. Recently, we introduced genetic maps and quantitative trait loci to elucidate the genetic basis of adaptation and speciation. The genome-phenome holistic model was deciphered by the global regressive, progressive, and convergent evolution of subterranean mammals. Our results indicate abundant genotypic and phenotypic diversity in nature. The organization and evolution of molecular and organismal diversity in nature at global, regional, and local scales are nonrandom and structured; display regularities across life; and are positively correlated with, and partly predictable by, abiotic and biotic environmental heterogeneity and stress. Biodiversity evolution, even in small isolated populations, is primarily driven by natural selection, including diversifying, balancing, cyclical, and purifying selective regimes, interacting with, but ultimately overriding, the effects of mutation, migration, and stochasticity.\n      </p>", "The analysis of the tempo and mode of evolution has a strong tradition in paleontology. Recent advances in molecular phylogenetic reconstruction make it possible to complement this work by using data from extant species.\n      </p>", "The \"iterated prisoner's dilemma\" is the most widely used model for the evolution of cooperation in biological societies. Here we show that a heterogeneous population consisting of simple strategies, whose behavior is totally specified by the outcome of the previous round, can lead to persistent periodic or highly irregular (chaotic) oscillations in the frequencies of the strategies and the overall level of cooperation. The levels of cooperation jump up and down in an apparently unpredictable fashion. Small recurrent and simultaneous invasion attempts (caused by mutation) can change the evolutionary dynamics from converging to an evolutionarily stable strategy to periodic oscillations and chaos. Evolution can be twisted away from defection, toward cooperation. Adding \"generous tit-for-tat\" greatly increases the overall level of cooperation and can lead to long periods of steady cooperation. Since May's paper [May, R. M. (1976) Nature (London) 261, 459-467], \"simple mathematical models with very complicated dynamics\" have been found in many biological applications, but here we provide an example of a biologically relevant evolutionary game whose dynamics display deterministic chaos. The simulations bear some resemblance to the irregular cycles displayed by the frequencies of host genotypes and specialized parasites in evolutionary \"arms races\" [Hamilton, W. D., Axelrod, R. \\&amp; Tanese, R. (1990) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 87, 3566-3573; Seger, J. (1988) Philos. Trans. R. Soc. London B 319, 541-555].\n      </p>", "Homeostasis, the creation of a stabilized internal milieu, is ubiquitous in biological evolution, despite the entropic cost of excluding noise information from a region. The advantages of stability seem self evident, but the alternatives are not so clear. This issue was studied by means of numerical experiments on a simple evolution model: a population of Boolean network \"organisms\" selected for performance of a curve-fitting task while subjected to noise. During evolution, noise sensitivity increased with fitness. Noise exclusion evolved spontaneously, but only if the noise was sufficiently unpredictable. Noise that was limited to one or a few stereotyped patterns caused symmetry breaking that prevented noise exclusion. Instead, the organisms incorporated the noise into their function at little cost in ultimate fitness and became totally noise dependent. This \"noise imprinting\" suggests caution when interpreting apparent adaptations seen in nature. If the noise was totally random from generation to generation, noise exclusion evolved reliably and irreversibly, but if the noise was correlated over several generations, maladaptive selection of noise-dependent traits could reverse noise exclusion, with catastrophic effect on population fitness. Noise entering the selection process rather than the organism had a different effect: adaptive evolution was totally abolished above a critical noise amplitude, in a manner resembling a thermodynamic phase transition. Evolutionary adaptation to noise involves the creation of a subsystem screened from noise information but increasingly vulnerable to its effects. Similar considerations may apply to information channeling in human cultural evolution.\n      </p>", "Gene duplications are one of the primary driving forces in the evolution of genomes and genetic systems. Gene duplicates account for 8-20% of the genes in eukaryotic genomes, and the rates of gene duplication are estimated at between 0.2% and 2% per gene per million years. Duplicate genes are believed to be a major mechanism for the establishment of new gene functions and the generation of evolutionary novelty, yet very little is known about the early stages of the evolution of duplicated gene pairs. It is unclear, for example, to what extent selection, rather than neutral genetic drift, drives the fixation and early evolution of duplicate loci. Analysis of recently duplicated genes in the Arabidopsis thaliana genome reveals significantly reduced species-wide levels of nucleotide polymorphisms in the progenitor and/or duplicate gene copies, suggesting that selective sweeps accompany the initial stages of the evolution of these duplicated gene pairs. Our results support recent theoretical work that indicates that fates of duplicate gene pairs may be determined in the initial phases of duplicate gene evolution and that positive selection plays a prominent role in the evolutionary dynamics of the very early histories of duplicate nuclear genes.\n      </p>", "Evolution of viral genes is characterized by enormously high speed compared with that of nuclear genes of eukaryotic organisms. In this paper, the evolutionary rates and patterns of base substitutions are examined for retroviral oncogenes, human immunodeficiency viruses (HIV), hepatitis B viruses (HBV), and influenza A viruses. Our results show that the evolutionary process of these viral genes can readily be explained by the netural theory of molecular evolution. In particular, the neutral theory is supported by our observation that synonymous substitutions always much predominate over nonsynonymous substitutions, even though the substitution rate varies considerably among the viruses. Furthermore, the exact correspondence between the high rates of evolutionary base substitutions and the high rates of production of mutants in RNA viruses fits very nicely to the prediction of the theory. The linear relationship between substitution numbers and time was examined to evaluate the clock-like property of viral evolution. The clock appears to be quite accurate in the influenza A viruses in man.\n      </p>", "The amplification of DNA by LINE-1 (L1) retrotransposons has created a large fraction of the human genome. To better understand their role in human evolution we endeavored to delineate the L1 elements that have amplified since the emergence of the hominid lineage. We used an approach based on shared sequence variants to trace backwards from the currently amplifying Ta subfamily. The newly identified groups of insertions account for much of the molecular evolution of human L1s. We report the identification of a L1 subfamily that amplified both before and after the divergence of humans from our closest extant relatives. Progressively more modern groups of L1s include greater numbers of insertions. Our data are consistent with the hypothesis that the rate of L1 amplification has been increasing during recent human evolution.\n      </p>", "Animals have evolved diverse appendages adapted for locomotion, feeding and other functions. The genetics underlying appendage formation are best understood in insects and vertebrates. The expression of the Distal-less (Dll) homeoprotein during arthropod limb outgrowth and of Dll orthologs (Dlx) in fish fin and tetrapod limb buds led us to examine whether expression of this regulatory gene may be a general feature of appendage formation in protostomes and deuterostomes. We find that Dll is expressed along the proximodistal axis of developing polychaete annelid parapodia, onychophoran lobopodia, ascidian ampullae, and even echinoderm tube feet. Dll/Dlx expression in such diverse appendages in these six coelomate phyla could be convergent, but this would have required the independent co-option of Dll/Dlx several times in evolution. It appears more likely that ectodermal Dll/Dlx expression along proximodistal axes originated once in a common ancestor and has been used subsequently to pattern body wall outgrowths in a variety of organisms. We suggest that this pre-Cambrian ancestor of most protostomes and the deuterostomes possessed elements of the genetic machinery for and may have even borne appendages.\n      </p>", "The Hox genes have been implicated as central to the evolution of animal body plan diversity. Regulatory changes both in Hox expression domains and in Hox-regulated gene networks have arisen during the evolution of related taxa, but there is little knowledge of whether functional changes in Hox proteins have also contributed to morphological evolution. For example, the evolution of greater numbers of differentiated segments and body parts in insects, compared with the simpler body plans of arthropod ancestors, may have involved an increase in the spectrum of biochemical interactions of individual Hox proteins. Here, we compare the in vivo functions of orthologous Ultrabithorax (Ubx) proteins from the insect Drosophila melanogaster and from an onychophoran, a member of a sister phylum with a more primitive and homonomous body plan. These Ubx proteins, which have been diverging in sequence for over 540 million years, can generate many of the same gain-of-function tissue transformations and can activate and repress many of the same target genes when expressed during Drosophila development. However, the onychophora Ubx (OUbx) protein does not transform the segmental identity of the embryonic ectoderm or repress the Distal-less target gene. This functional divergence is due to sequence changes outside the conserved homeodomain region. The inability of OUbx to function like Drosophila Ubx (DUbx) in the embryonic ectoderm indicates that the Ubx protein may have acquired new cofactors or activity modifiers since the divergence of the onychophoran and insect lineages.\n      </p>", "The nuclear receptor (NR) superfamily comprises, in addition to ligand-activated transcription factors, members for which no ligand has been identified to date. We demonstrate that orphan receptors are randomly distributed in the evolutionary tree and that there is no relationship between the position of a given liganded receptor in the tree and the chemical nature of its ligand. NRs are specific to metazoans, as revealed by a screen of NR-related sequences in early- and non-metazoan organisms. The analysis of the NR gene duplication pattern during the evolution of metazoans shows that the present NR diversity arose from two waves of gene duplications. Strikingly, our results suggest that the ancestral NR was an orphan receptor that acquired ligand-binding ability during subsequent evolution.\n      </p>", "The evolutionary origin of spliceosomal introns has been the subject of much controversy. Introns are proposed to have been both lost and gained during evolution. If the gain or loss of introns are unique events in evolution, they can serve as markers for phylogenetic analysis. We have made an extensive survey of the phylogenetic distribution of seven spliceosomal introns that are present in Fugu genes, but not in their mammalian homologues; we show that these introns were acquired by actinopterygian (ray-finned) fishes at various stages of evolution. We have also investigated the intron pattern of the rhodopsin gene in fishes, and show that the four introns found in the ancestral chordate rhodopsin gene were simultaneously lost in a common ancestor of ray-finned fishes. These changes in introns serve as excellent markers for phylogenetic analysis because they reliably define clades. Our intron-based cladogram establishes the difficult-to-ascertain phylogenetic relationships of some ray-finned fishes. For example, it shows that bichirs (Polypterus) are the sister group of all other extant ray-finned fishes.\n      </p>", "The current phylogenetic hypothesis for the evolution and biogeography of fiddler crabs relies on the assumption that complex behavioral traits are assumed to also be evolutionary derived. Indo-west Pacific fiddler crabs have simpler reproductive social behavior and are more marine and were thought to be ancestral to the more behaviorally complex and more terrestrial American species. It was also hypothesized that the evolution of more complex social and reproductive behavior was associated with the colonization of the higher intertidal zones. Our phylogenetic analysis, based upon a set of independent molecular characters, however, demonstrates how widely entrenched ideas about evolution and biogeography led to a reasonable, but apparently incorrect, conclusion about the evolutionary trends within this pantropical group of crustaceans. Species bearing the set of ``derived traits'' are phylogenetically ancestral, suggesting an alternative evolutionary scenario: the evolution of reproductive behavioral complexity in fiddler crabs may have arisen multiple times during their evolution. The evolution of behavioral complexity may have arisen by coopting of a series of other adaptations for high intertidal living and antipredator escape. A calibration of rates of molecular evolution from populations on either side of the Isthmus of Panama suggest a sequence divergence rate for 16S rRNA of 0.9% per million years. The divergence between the ancestral clade and derived forms is estimated to be $\\approx $22 million years ago, whereas the divergence between the American and Indo-west Pacific is estimated to be $\\approx $17 million years ago.\n      </p>", "Although the molecular evolution of protein tertiary structure and enzymatic activity has been studied for decades, little attention has been paid to the evolution of membrane protein topology. Here, we show that two closely related polytopic inner membrane proteins from Escherichia coli have evolved opposite orientations in the membrane, which apparently has been achieved by the selective redistribution of positively charged amino acids between the polar segments flanking the transmembrane stretches. This example of divergent evolution of membrane protein topology suggests that a complete inversion of membrane topology is possible with relatively few mutational changes even for proteins with multiple transmembrane segments.\n      </p>", "The internal transcribed spacers (ITS) of nuclear ribosomal DNA of 33 species of genus Paeonia (Paeoniaceae) were sequenced. In section Paeonia, different patterns of nucleotide additivity were detected in 14 diploid and tetraploid species at sites that are variable in the other 12 species of the section, suggesting that reticulate evolution has occurred. Phylogenetic relationships of species that do not show additivity, and thus ostensibly were not derived through hybridization, were reconstructed by parsimony analysis. The taxa presumably derived through reticulate evolution were then added to the phylogenetic tree according to additivity from putative parents. The study provides an example of successfully using ITS sequences to reconstruct reticulate evolution in plants and further demonstrates that the sequence data could be highly informative and accurate for detecting hybridization. Maintenance of parental sequences in the species of hybrid origin is likely due to slowing of concerted evolution caused by the long generation time of peonies. The partial and uneven homogenization of parental sequences displayed in nine species of putative hybrid origin may have resulted from gradients of gene conversion. The documented hybridizations may have occurred since the Pleistocene glaciations. The species of hybrid origin and their putative parents are now distantly allopatric. Reconstruction of reticulate evolution with sequence data, therefore, provides gene records for distributional histories of some of the parental species.\n      </p>", "Annual and perennial habit are two major strategies by which grasses adapt to seasonal environmental change, and these distinguish cultivated cereals from their wild relatives. Rhizomatousness, a key trait contributing to perenniality, was investigated by using an F&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt; population from a cross between cultivated rice (Oryza sativa) and its wild relative, Oryza longistaminata. Molecular mapping based on a complete simple sequence-repeat map revealed two dominant-complementary genes controlling rhizomatousness. Rhz3 was mapped to the interval between markers OSR16 [1.3 centimorgans (cM)] and OSR13 (8.1 cM) on rice chromosome 4 and Rhz2 located between RM119 (2.2 cM) and RM273 (7.4 cM) on chromosome 3. Comparative mapping indicated that each gene closely corresponds to major quantitative trait loci (QTLs) controlling rhizomatousness in Sorghum propinquum, a wild relative of cultivated sorghum. Correspondence of these genes in rice and sorghum, which diverged from a common ancestor \u224850 million years ago, suggests that the two genes may be key regulators of rhizome development in many Poaceae. Many additional QTLs affecting abundance of rhizomes in O. longistaminata were identified, most of which also corresponded to the locations of S. propinquum QTLs. Convergent evolution of independent mutations at, in some cases, corresponding genes may have been responsible for the evolution of annual cereals from perennial wild grasses. DNA markers closely linked to Rhz2 and Rhz3 will facilitate cloning of the genes, which may contribute significantly to our understanding of grass evolution, advance opportunities to develop perennial cereals, and offer insights into environmentally benign weed-control strategies.\n      </p>", "Similar phenotypic changes have evolved independently in many animal taxa. It is unknown whether independent changes involve the same or different developmental and genetic mechanisms. Myriad pigment patterns in the genus Drosophila offer numerous opportunities to address this question. Previous studies identified regulatory and structural genes involved in the development and diversification of pigmentation in selected species. Here, we examine Drosophila americana and Drosophila novamexicana, interfertile species that have evolved dramatic pigmentation differences during the few million years since their divergence. Interspecific genetic analysis was used to investigate the contribution of five specific candidate genes and other genomic regions to phenotypic divergence by testing for associations between molecular markers and pigmentation. At least four distinct genomic regions contributed to pigmentation differences, one of which included the ebony gene. Ebony protein was expressed at higher levels in the more yellow D. novamexicana than the heavily melanized D. americana. Because Ebony promotes yellow pigment formation and suppresses melanization, the expression difference and genetic association suggest that evolution at the ebony locus contributed to pigmentation divergence between D. americana and D. novamexicana. Surprisingly, no genetic association with the yellow locus was detected in this study, and Yellow expression was identical in the two species. Evolution at the yellow locus underlies pigmentation divergence among other Drosophila species; thus, similar pigment patterns have evolved through regulatory changes in different genes in different lineages. These findings bear upon understanding classic models of melanism and mimicry.\n      </p>", "Biological speciation ultimately results in prezygotic isolation--the inability of incipient species to mate with one another-but little is understood about the selection pressures and genetic changes that generate this outcome. The genus Chlamydomonas comprises numerous species of unicellular green algae, including numerous geographic isolates of the species C. reinhardtii. This diverse collection has allowed us to analyze the evolution of two sex-related genes: the mid gene of C. reinhardtii, which determines whether a gamete is mating-type plus or minus, and the fus1 gene, which dictates a cell surface glycoprotein utilized by C. reinhardtii plus gametes to recognize minus gametes. Low stringency Southern analyses failed to detect any fus1 homologs in other Chlamydomonas species and detected only one mid homolog, documenting that both genes have diverged extensively during the evolution of the lineage. The one mid homolog was found in C. incerta, the species in culture that is most closely related to C. reinhardtii. Its mid gene carries numerous nonsynonymous and synonymous codon changes compared with the C. reinhardtii mid gene. In contrast, very high sequence conservation of both the mid and fus1 sequences is found in natural isolates of C. reinhardtii, indicating that the genes are not free to drift within a species but do diverge dramatically between species. Striking divergence of sex determination and mate recognition genes also has been encountered in a number of other eukaryotic phyla, suggesting that unique, and as yet unidentified, selection pressures act on these classes of genes during the speciation process.\n      </p>", "Most species maintain abundant genetic variation and experience a range of environmental conditions, yet phenotypic variation is low. That is, development is robust to changes in genotype and environment. It has been claimed that this robustness, termed canalization, evolves because of long-term natural selection for optimal phenotypes. We show that the developmental process, here modeled as a network of interacting transcriptional regulators, constrains the genetic system to produce canalization, even without selection toward an optimum. The extent of canalization, measured as the insensitivity to mutation of a network's equilibrium state, depends on the complexity of the network, such that more highly connected networks evolve to be more canalized. We argue that canalization may be an inevitable consequence of complex developmental-genetic processes and thus requires no explanation in terms of evolution to suppress phenotypic variation.\n      </p>", "Biological diversity has evolved despite the essentially infinite complexity of protein sequence space. We present a hierarchical approach to the efficient searching of this space and quantify the evolutionary potential of our approach with Monte Carlo simulations. These simulations demonstrate that nonhomologous juxtaposition of encoded structure is the rate-limiting step in the production of new tertiary protein folds. Nonhomologous \"swapping\" of low-energy secondary structures increased the binding constant of a simulated protein by \u2248 107 relative to base substitution alone. Applications of our approach include the generation of new protein folds and modeling the molecular evolution of disease.\n      </p>", "Eusociality is a major evolutionary innovation involving alterations in life history, morphology, and behavior. Advanced eusocial insects, such as ants, termites, and corbiculate bees, cannot provide insights into the earliest stages of eusocial evolution because eusociality in these taxa evolved long ago (in the Cretaceous) and close solitary relatives are no longer extant. In contrast, primitively eusocial insects, such as halictid bees, provide insights into the early stages of eusocial evolution because eusociality has arisen recently and repeatedly. By mapping social behavior onto well-corroborated phylogenies, I show that eusociality has arisen only three times within halictid bees (contrary to earlier estimates of six or more origins). Reversals from eusocial to solitary behavior have occurred as many as 12 times, indicating that social reversals are common in the earliest stages of eusocial evolution. Important attributes of social complexity (e.g., colony size, queen/worker dimorphism) show no obvious association with phylogeny, and some reversals to solitary nesting are related to host-plant switches (from polylecty to oligolecty). These results provide a glimpse of social evolution in its earliest stages and provide insights into the early evolution of advanced eusocial organisms.\n      </p>", "The process of gene unscrambling in hypotrichous ciliates represents one of nature's ingenious solutions to the problem of gene assembly. With some essential genes scrambled in as many as 51 pieces, these ciliates rely on sequence and structural cues to rebuild their fragmented genes and genomes. Here we report the complex pattern of scrambling in the DNA polymerase \u03b1 gene of Stylonychia lemnae. The germline (micronuclear) copy of this gene is broken into 48 pieces with 47 dispersed over two loci, with no asymmetry in the placement of coding segments on either strand. Direct repeats present at the boundaries between coding and noncoding sequences provide pointers to help guide assembly of the functional (macronuclear) gene. We investigate the evolution of this complex gene in three hypotrichous species.\n      </p>", "Mate finding in most moth species involves long-distance signaling via female-emitted sex pheromones. There is a great diversity of pheromone structures used throughout the Lepidoptera, even among closely related species. The conundrum is how signal divergence has occurred. With strong normalizing selection pressure on blend composition and response preferences, it is improbable that shifts to pheromones of diverse structures occur through adaptive changes in small steps. Here, we present data supporting the hypothesis that a major shift in the pheromone of an Ostrinia species occurred by activation of a nonfunctional desaturase gene transcript present in the pheromone gland. We also demonstrate the existence of rare males that respond to the new pheromone blend. Their presence would allow for asymmetric tracking of male response to the new blend and, thus, evolution of an Ostrinia species with structurally different sex pheromone components.\n      </p>", "We report in this paper an evolutionary experiment on Drosophila that tested life-history theory and the evolutionary theory of aging. As theory predicts, higher extrinsic mortality rates did lead to the evolution of higher intrinsic mortality rates, to shorter lifespans, and to decreased age and size at eclosion; peak fecundity also shifted earlier in life. These results confirm the key role of extrinsic mortality rates in the evolution of growth, maturation, reproduction, and aging, and they do so with a selection regime that maintained selection on fertility throughout life while holding population densities constant.\n      </p>", "Evolution is, in a sense, to resolve optimization problems. Our neo-Darwinian algorithm based on the mechanics of inheritance and natural selection uses double-stranded DNA-type genetic information to resolve the \"knapsack problem.\" The algorithm with asymmetrical mutations due to semiconservative DNA-type replication most effectively resolved the problem. Our results strongly suggest that disparity in mutations caused by the asymmetric machinery of DNA replication promotes evolution, in particular of diploid organisms with a high mutation rate, in a small population, and under strong selection pressure.\n      </p>", "Molecular methods are used widely to measure genetic diversity within populations and determine relationships among species. However, it is difficult to observe genomic evolution in action because these dynamics are too slow in most organisms. To overcome this limitation, we sampled genomes from populations of Escherichia coli evolving in the laboratory for 10,000 generations. We analyzed the genomes for restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLP) using seven insertion sequences (IS) as probes; most polymorphisms detected by this approach reflect rearrangements (including transpositions) rather than point mutations. The evolving genomes became increasingly different from their ancestor over time. Moreover, tremendous diversity accumulated within each population, such that almost every individual had a different genetic fingerprint after 10,000 generations. As has been often suggested, but not previously shown by experiment, the rates of phenotypic and genomic change were discordant, both across replicate populations and over time within a population. Certain pivotal mutations were shared by all descendants in a population, and these are candidates for beneficial mutations, which are rare and difficult to find. More generally, these data show that the genome is highly dynamic even over a time scale that is, from an evolutionary perspective, very brief.\n      </p>", "Knowledge of the origin and evolution of gene families is critical to our understanding of the evolution of protein function. To gain a detailed understanding of the evolution of the small heat shock proteins (sHSPs) in plants, we have examined the evolutionary history of the chloroplast (CP)-localized sHSPs. Previously, these nuclear-encoded CP proteins had been identified only from angiosperms. This study reveals the presence of the CP sHSPs in a moss, Funaria hygrometrica. Two clones for CP sHSPs were isolated from a F. hygrometrica heat shock cDNA library that represent two distinct CP sHSP genes. Our analysis of the CP sHSPs reveals unexpected evolutionary relationships and patterns of sequence conservation. Phylogenetic analysis of the CP sHSPs with other plant CP sHSPs and eukaryotic, archaeal, and bacterial sHSPs shows that the CP sHSPs are not closely related to the cyanobacterial sHSPs. Thus, they most likely evolved via gene duplication from a nuclear-encoded cytosolic sHSP and not via gene transfer from the CP endosymbiont. Previous sequence analysis had shown that all angiosperm CP sHSPs possess a methionine-rich region in the N-terminal domain. The primary sequence of this region is not highly conserved in the F. hygrometrica CP sHSPs. This lack of sequence conservation indicates that sometime in land plant evolution, after the divergence of mosses from the common ancestor of angiosperms but before the monocot-dicot divergence, there was a change in the selective constraints acting on the CP sHSPs.\n      </p>", "Sequence segments of about 140 amino acids in length, each containing a selected consensus region, were used in alignments of the aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases with the aim of discerning their evolutionary relationships. In all cases tested, enzymes specific for the same amino acid from a variety of organisms grouped together, reinforcing the supposition that the aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases are very ancient enzymes that evolved to include the full complement of 20 amino acids long before the divergence leading to prokaryotes and eukaryotes. The enzymes are divided into two mutually exclusive groups that appear to have evolved from independent roots. Group I, for which two sequence segments were analyzed, contains the enzymes specific for glutamic acid, glutamine, tryptophan, tyrosine, valine, leucine, isoleucine, methionine, and arginine. Group II enzymes include those activating threonine, proline, serine, lysine, aspartic acid, asparagine, histidine, alanine, glycine, and phenylalanine. Both groups contain a spectrum of amino acid types, suggesting the possibility that each could have once supported an independent system for protein synthesis. Within each group, enzymes specific for chemically similar amino acids tend to cluster together, indicating that a major theme of synthetase evolution involved the adaptation of binding sites to accommodate related amino acids with subsequent specialization to a single amino acid. In a few cases, however, synthetases activating dissimilar amino acids are grouped together.\n      </p>", "Previous studies of genome evolution usually have involved one or two genomes and have thus been limited in their ability to detect the direction and rate of evolutionary change. Here, we use complete genome data from 20 poxvirus genomes to build a robust phylogeny of the Poxviridae and to study patterns of genome evolution. We show that, although there has been little gene order evolution, there are substantial differences between poxviruses in terms of genome content. Furthermore, we show that the rate of gene acquisition is not constant over time and that it has increased in the orthopox lineage (which includes smallpox and vaccinia). We also tested for positive selection on 204 groups of genes and show that a disproportionately high proportion of genes in the orthopox clade are under positive selection. The association of an increased rate of gene gain and positive selection is indicative of adaptive genome evolution. Many of the genes involved in these processes are likely to be associated with host-parasite coevolution.\n      </p>", "The origin of the red algae has remained an enigma. Historically the Rhodophyta were classified first as plants and later as the most ancient eukaryotic organisms. Recent molecular studies have indicated similarities between red and green plastids, which suggest that there was a single endosymbiotic origin for these organelles in a common ancestor of the rhodophytes and green plants. Previous efforts to confirm or reject this effort by analyses of nuclear DNA have been inconclusive; thus, additional molecular markers are needed to establish the relationship between the host cell lineages, independent of the evolutionary history of their plastids. To furnish such a data set we have sequenced the largest subunit of RNA polymerase II from two red algae, a green alga and a relatively derived amoeboid protist. Phylogenetic analyses provide strong statistical support for an early evolutionary emergence of the Rhodophyta that preceded the origin of the line that led to plants, animals, and fungi. These data, which are congruent with results from extensive analyses of nuclear rDNA, argue for a reexamination of current models of plastid evolution.\n      </p>", "A key problem in evolutionary biology has been distinguishing the contributions of current and historical processes to the maintenance of genetic variation. Because alleles at self-recognition genes are under balancing selection, they exhibit extended residence times in populations and thus may provide unique insight into population demographic history. However, evidence for balancing selection and extended residence times has almost exclusively depended on identification of transspecific polymorphisms; polymorphisms retained in populations through speciation events. We present a broadly applicable approach for detecting balancing selection and apply it to the b1 mating type gene in the mushroom fungus Coprinus cinereus. The comparison of neutral molecular variation within and between allelic classes was used to directly estimate the strength of balancing selection. Different allelic classes are defined as encoding different mating compatibility types and are thus potentially subject to balancing selection. Variation within an allelic class, where all alleles have the same mating compatibility type, provided an internal standard of neutral evolution. Mating compatibility in this organism is determined by the complex A mating type locus, and b1 is one of several redundantly functioning genes. Consequently, we conducted numerical simulations of a model with two subloci and varying levels of recombination to show that balancing selection should operate at each sublocus. Empirical data show that strong balancing selection has indeed occurred at the b1 locus. The widespread geographic distribution of identical b1 alleles suggests that their association with differing A mating types is the result of recent recombination events.\n      </p>", "We describe compartmentalized self-replication (CSR), a strategy for the directed evolution of enzymes, especially polymerases. CSR is based on a simple feedback loop consisting of a polymerase that replicates only its own encoding gene. Compartmentalization serves to isolate individual self-replication reactions from each other. In such a system, adaptive gains directly (and proportionally) translate into genetic amplification of the encoding gene. CSR has applications in the evolution of polymerases with novel and useful properties. By using three cycles of CSR, we obtained variants of Taq DNA polymerase with 11-fold higher thermostability than the wild-type enzyme or with a &gt; 130-fold increased resistance to the potent inhibitor heparin. Insertion of an extra stage into the CSR cycle before the polymerase reaction allows its application to enzymes other than polymerases. We show that nucleoside diphosphate kinase and Taq polymerase can form such a cooperative CSR cycle based on reciprocal catalysis, whereby nucleoside diphosphate kinase produces the substrates required for the replication of its own gene. We also find that in CSR the polymerase genes themselves evolve toward more efficient replication. Thus, polymerase genes and their encoded polypeptides cooperate to maximize postselection copy number. CSR should prove useful for the directed evolution of enzymes, particularly DNA or RNA polymerases, as well as for the design and study of in vitro self-replicating systems mimicking prebiotic evolution and viral replication.\n      </p>", "The wealth of comparative genomics data from yeast species allows the molecular evolution of these eukaryotes to be studied in great detail. We used \"proximity plots\" to visually compare chromosomal gene order information from 14 hemiascomycetes, including the recent G\u00e9nolevures survey, to Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Contrary to the original reports, we find that the G\u00e9nolevures data strongly support the hypothesis that S. cerevisiae is a degenerate polyploid. Using gene order information alone, 70% of the S. cerevisiae genome can be mapped into \"sister\" regions that tile together with almost no overlap. This map confirms and extends the map of sister regions that we constructed previously by using duplicated genes, an independent source of information. Combining gene order and gene duplication data assigns essentially the whole genome into sister regions, the largest gap being only 36 genes long. The 16 centromere regions of S. cerevisiae form eight pairs, indicating that an ancestor with eight chromosomes underwent complete doubling; alternatives such as segmental duplications can be ruled out. Gene arrangements in Kluyveromyces lactis and four other species agree quantitatively with what would be expected if they diverged from S. cerevisiae before its polyploidization. In contrast, Saccharomyces exiguus, Saccharomyces servazzii, and Candida glabrata show higher levels of gene adjacency conservation, and more cases of imperfect conservation, suggesting that they split from the S. cerevisiae lineage after polyploidization. This finding is confirmed by sequences around the C. glabrata TRP1 and IPP1 loci, which show that it contains sister regions derived from the same duplication event as that of S. cerevisiae.\n      </p>", "The nearly neutral theory contends that the interaction of drift and selection is important and occurs at various levels, including synonymous and nonsynonymous substitutions in protein coding regions and sequence turnover of regulatory elements. Recent progress of the theory is reviewed, and the interaction between drift and selection is suggested to differ at these different levels. Weak selective force on synonymous changes is stable, whereas its consequence on nonsynonymous changes depends on environmental factors. Selection on differentiation of regulatory elements is even more dependent on environmental factors than on amino acid changes. Of particular significance is the role of drift in the evolution of gene regulation that directly participates in morphological evolution. The range of near neutrality depends on the effective size of the population that is influenced by selected linked loci. In addition to the effective population size, molecular chaperones such as heat shock protein 90 have significant effects on the range of near neutrality.\n      </p>", "The developmental control genes containing an Antennapedia-type homeobox are clustered in insects and vertebrates. The evolution of these genes was studied by the construction of evolutionary trees and by statistical geometry in sequence space. The comparative analysis of the homeobox sequences reveals the subdivision of the Antennapedia-type homeobox genes into three classes early in metazoan evolution. This observation suggests an important function of these genes even in the most primitive metazoans. Subsequent duplication events generated a cluster of at least five homeobox genes in the last common ancestor of insects and vertebrates. These genes later independently gave rise to the 13 groups of paralogous genes in vertebrates and to the 11 Antennapedia-type genes in the Drosophila complexes.\n      </p>", "Social behaviors are often targets of natural selection among higher organisms, but quantifying the effects of such selection is difficult. We have used the bacterium Myxococcus xanthus as a model system for studying the evolution of social interactions. Changes in the social behaviors of 12 M. xanthus populations were quantified after 1,000 generations of evolution in a liquid habitat, in which interactions among individuals were continually hindered by shaking and low cell densities. Derived lineages were compared with their ancestors with respect to maximum growth rate, motility rates on hard and soft agar, fruiting body formation ability, and sporulation frequency during starvation. Improved performance in the liquid selective regime among evolved lines was usually associated with significant reductions in all of the major social behaviors of M. xanthus. Maintenance of functional social behaviors is apparently detrimental to fitness under asocial growth conditions.\n      </p>", "The human and mouse genomic sequences provide evidence for a larger number of rearrangements than previously thought and reveal extensive reuse of breakpoints from the same short fragile regions. Breakpoint clustering in regions implicated in cancer and infertility have been reported in previous studies; we report here on breakpoint clustering in chromosome evolution. This clustering reveals limitations of the widely accepted random breakage theory that has remained unchallenged since the mid-1980s. The genome rearrangement analysis of the human and mouse genomes implies the existence of a large number of very short \"hidden\" synteny blocks that were invisible in the comparative mapping data and ignored in the random breakage model. These blocks are defined by closely located breakpoints and are often hard to detect. Our results suggest a model of chromosome evolution that postulates that mammalian genomes are mosaics of fragile regions with high propensity for rearrangements and solid regions with low propensity for rearrangements.\n      </p>", "Although the concept of domain merging and shuffling as a major force in protein evolution is well established, it has been difficult to demonstrate how domains coadapt. Here we show evidence of coevolution of the Sinorhizobium meliloti NifA (SmNifA) domains. We found that, because of the lack of a conserved glycine in its DNA-binding domain, this transactivator protein interacts weakly with the enhancers. This defect, however, was compensated by evolving a highly efficient activation domain that, contrasting to Bradyrhizobium japonicum NifA (BjNifA), can activate in trans. To explore paths that lead to this enhanced activity, we mutagenized BjNifA. After three cycles of mutagenesis and selection, a highly active derivative was obtained. Strikingly, all mutations changed to amino acids already present in SmNifA. Our artificial process thus recreated the natural evolution followed by this protein and suggests that NifA is trapped in a restricted sequence space with very limited solutions for higher activity by point mutation.\n      </p>", "The myc gene family encodes a group of transcription factors that regulate cell proliferation and differentiation. These genes are widely studied because of their importance as proto-oncogenes. Phylogenetic analyses are described here for 45 Myc protein sequences representing c-, N-, L-, S-, and B-myc genes. A gene duplication early in vertebrate evolution produced the c-myc lineage and another lineage that later gave rise to the N- and L-myc lineages by another gene duplication. Evolutionary divergence in the myc gene family corresponds closely to the known branching order of the major vertebrate groups. The patterns of sequence evolution are described for five separate highly conserved regions, and these analyses show that differential rates of sequence divergence (= mosaic evolution) have occurred among conserved motifs. Further, the closely related dimerization partner protein Max exhibits significantly less sequence variability than Myc. It is suggested that the reduced variability in max stems from natural selection acting to preserve dimerization capability with products of myc and related genes.\n      </p>", "Cyanobacteria are a prolific source of secondary metabolites, including compounds with toxic and enzyme-inhibiting activities. Microcystins and nodularins are the end products of a secondary metabolic pathway comprised of mixed polyketide synthases and nonribosomal peptide synthetases. Both peptides are potent natural toxins produced by distantly related genera of cyanobacteria. Horizontal gene transfer is thought to play a role in the sporadic distribution of microcystin producers among cyanobacteria. Our phylogenetic analyses indicate a coevolution of housekeeping genes and microcystin synthetase genes for the entire evolutionary history of the toxin. Hence they do not corroborate horizontal transfer of genes for microcystin biosynthesis between the genera. The sporadic distribution of microcystin synthetase genes in modern cyanobacteria suggests that the ability to produce the toxin has been lost repeatedly in the more derived lineages of cyanobacteria. The data we present here strongly suggest that the genes encoding nodularin synthetase are recently derived from those encoding microcystin synthetase.\n      </p>", "Heteroplasmy, the presence of more than one type of mtDNA within cells, is common in animals and has been associated with aging and disease in humans. Changes in the frequencies of mtDNA variants between cell and animal generations thus bears on the evolution of mtDNA and the progression of diverse pathologies. We have used densitometry of Southern blots of individual heteroplasmic Drosophila melanogaster to study the effects of age, increased egg production after mating, and temperature on evolution of heteroplasmy within and between generations. The frequency of the longer mtDNA variant consistently increased between early and late cohorts of F1 offspring derived from 18 independent heteroplasmic mothers as they aged. Neither temperature (flies maintained at 25 degrees C and 18 degrees C) nor the holding of flies as virgins for 10 days before mating had significant effects on transmission patterns. However, at the ends of their lives, flies that had laid eggs at 25 degrees C had a greater frequency of the long mtDNA than did their siblings who had laid eggs at 18 degrees C. The evolution of heteroplasmy within a generation was studied in samples of siblings that either were mated or held as virgins, and then scored for mtDNA haplotype frequencies at two different ages (day 2 and day 14). Mated flies showed a significantly greater increase in the frequency of the long mtDNA variant with age than did the unmated flies. This system provides a model for the joint analysis of generational and chronological age in the transmission dynamics of a molecular polymorphism.\n      </p>", "How often will natural selection drive parallel evolution at the DNA sequence level? More precisely, what is the probability that selection will cause two populations that live in identical environments to substitute the same beneficial mutation? Here I show that, under fairly general conditions, the answer is simple: if a wild-type sequence can mutate to n different beneficial mutations, replicate populations will on average fix the same mutation with probability P = 2/(n + 1). This probability, which is derived using extreme value theory, is independent of most biological details, including the length of the gene in question and the precise distribution of fitness effects among alleles. I conclude that the probability of parallel evolution under natural selection is nearly twice as large as that under neutrality.\n      </p>", "Ubiquitin is a highly conserved protein that is encoded by a multigene family. It is generally believed that this gene family is subject to concerted evolution, which homogenizes the member genes of the family. However, protein homogeneity can be attained also by strong purifying selection. We therefore studied the proportion (ps) of synonymous nucleotide differences between members of the ubiquitin gene family from 28 species of fungi, plants, and animals. The results have shown that ps is generally very high and is often close to the saturation level, although the protein sequence is virtually identical for all ubiquitins from fungi, plants, and animals. A small proportion of species showed a low level of ps values, but these values appeared to be caused by recent gene duplication. It was also found that the number of repeat copies of the gene family varies considerably with species, and some species harbor pseudogenes. These observations suggest that the members of this gene family evolve almost independently by silent nucleotide substitution and are subjected to birth-and-death evolution at the DNA level.\n      </p>", "The canonical monomers (\u2248170 bp) of an abundant (1.9 x 106 copies per diploid genome) satellite DNA sequence family in the genome of Cyprinodon variegatus, a \"pupfish\" that ranges along the Atlantic coast from Cape Cod to central Mexico, are divergent in base sequence in 10 of 12 samples collected from natural populations. The divergence involves substitutions, deletions, and insertions, is marked in scope (mean pairwise sequence similarity = 61.6%; range = 35-95.9%), is largely confined to the 3' half of the monomer, and is not correlated with the distance among collecting sites. Repetitive cloning and direct genomic sequencing experiments failed to detect intrapopulation and intraindividual variation, suggesting high levels of sequence homogeneity within populations. The satellite sequence has therefore undergone \"concerted evolution,\" at the level of the local population. Concerted evolution has previously almost always been discussed in terms of the divergence of species or higher taxa; its intraspecific occurrence apparently has not been reported previously. The generality of the observation is difficult to evaluate, for although satellite DNAs from a large number of organisms have been studied in detail, there appear to be little or no other data on their sequence variation in natural populations. The relationship (if any) between concerted, population level, satellite DNA divergence and the extent of gene flow/genetic isolation among conspecific natural populations remains to be established.\n      </p>", "Morphological features such as size and shape are the most common focus in studies of heterochronic change. Frequently, these easily observed and measured features are treated as a major target of selection, potentially ignoring traits more closely related to fitness. We question the primacy of morphological data in studies of heterochrony, and instead suggest that principal sources of fitness, such as life history characteristics, are not only the chief targets of selection, but changes in them may necessitate changes in other (subordinate) elements of the organism. We use an experimental approach to investigate the timing of metamorphosis and maturation in a facultatively paedomorphic salamander, Ambystoma talpoideum. We determine that individuals possessing the well-known paedomorphic phenotype are peramorphic with regard to maturation, through the process of predisplacement (an earlier onset of maturation). Combining the well studied ecology of dimorphic A. talpoideum populations with theories of heterochronic mechanisms and life history evolution, we conclude that age at maturation is the principal target of selection and that morphological changes are secondary effects. Increased attention to the intimate connection between life history evolution and heterochrony is the most promising route to a better understanding of both.\n      </p>", "Homobasidiomycete fungi display many complex fruiting body morphologies, including mushrooms and puffballs, but their anatomical simplicity has confounded efforts to understand the evolution of these forms. We performed a comprehensive phylogenetic analysis of homobasidiomycetes, using sequences from nuclear and mitochondrial ribosomal DNA, with an emphasis on understanding evolutionary relationships of gilled mushrooms and puffballs. Parsimony-based optimization of character states on our phylogenetic trees suggested that strikingly similar gilled mushrooms evolved at least six times, from morphologically diverse precursors. Approximately 87% of gilled mushrooms are in a single lineage, which we call the ``euagarics.'' Recently discovered 90 million-year-old fossil mushrooms are probably euagarics, suggesting that (i) the origin of this clade must have occurred no later than the mid-Cretaceous and (ii) the gilled mushroom morphology has been maintained in certain lineages for tens of millions of years. Puffballs and other forms with enclosed spore-bearing structures (Gasteromycetes) evolved at least four times. Derivation of Gasteromycetes from forms with exposed spore-bearing structures (Hymenomycetes) is correlated with repeated loss of forcible spore discharge (ballistospory). Diverse fruiting body forms and spore dispersal mechanisms have evolved among Gasteromycetes. Nevertheless, it appears that Hymenomycetes have never been secondarily derived from Gasteromycetes, which suggests that the loss of ballistospory has constrained evolution in these lineages.\n      </p>", "To examine the evolutionary relationships between members of the myosin family, we have used two different phylogenetic methods, distance matrix and maximum parsimony, to analyze all available myosin head sequences. We find that there are at least three equally divergent classes of myosin, demonstrating that the current classification of myosin into only two classes needs to be reexamined. In the myosin II class, smooth muscle myosin is more closely related to non-muscle myosin than to striated muscle myosin, implying that smooth muscle and skeletal muscle myosins were independently derived from nonmuscle myosin and suggesting that similarities between these types of muscle are the result of convergent evolution. The grouping of head sequences produced by phylogenetic analysis is consistent with classifications based on enzymology and structural localization and is generally consistent with grouping based on common tail structure elements. This result demonstrates that specific head sequences are tightly coupled to specific tail sequences throughout evolution and challenges the idea that myosin heads are freely interchangeable units whose unique function is determined only by the tail structure to which it is attached.\n      </p>", "Unlike parasitic protist groups that are defined by the absence of mitochondria, the Pelobiontida is composed mostly of free-living species. Because of the presence of ultrastructural and cellular features that set them apart from all other eukaryotic organisms, it has been suggested that pelobionts are primitively amitochondriate and may represent the earliest-evolved lineage of extant protists. Analyses of rRNA genes, however, have suggested that the group arose well after the diversification of the earliest-evolved protists. Here we report the sequence of the gene encoding the largest subunit of DNA-dependent RNA polymerase II (RPB1) from the pelobiont Mastigamoeba invertens. Sequences within RPB1 encompass several of the conserved catalytic domains that are common to eubacterial, archaeal, and eukaryotic nuclear-encoded RNA polymerases. In RNA polymerase II, these domains catalyze the transcription of all nuclear pre-mRNAs, as well as the majority of small nuclear RNAs. In contrast with rDNA-based trees, phylogenetic analyses of RPB1 sequences indicate that Mastigamoeba represents an early branch of eukaryotic evolution. Unlike sequences from parasitic amitochondriate protists that were included in our study, there is no indication that Mastigamoeba RPB1 is attracted to the base of the eukaryotic tree artifactually. In addition, the presence of introns and a heptapeptide C-terminal repeat in the Mastigamoeba RPB1 sequence, features that are typically associated with more recently derived eukaryotic groups, raise provocative questions regarding models of protist evolution that depend almost exclusively on rDNA sequence analyses.\n      </p>", "We have estimated phylogenies of fungus-growing termites and their associated mutualistic fungi of the genus Termitomyces using Bayesian analyses of DNA sequences. Our study shows that the symbiosis has a single African origin and that secondary domestication of other fungi or reversal of mutualistic fungi to a free-living state has not occurred. Host switching has been frequent, especially at the lower taxonomic levels, and nests of single termite species can have different symbionts. Data are consistent with horizontal transmission of fungal symbionts in both the ancestral state of the mutualism and most of the extant taxa. Clonal vertical transmission of fungi, previously shown to be common in the genus Microtermes (via females) and in the species Macrotermes bellicosus (via males) [Johnson, R. A., Thomas, R. J., Wood, T. G. &amp; Swift, M. J. (1981) J. Nat. Hist. 15, 751-756], is derived with two independent origins. Despite repeated host switching, statistical tests taking phylogenetic uncertainty into account show a significant congruence between the termite and fungal phylogenies, because mutualistic interactions at higher taxonomic levels show considerable specificity. We identify common characteristics of fungus-farming evolution in termites and ants, which apply despite the major differences between these two insect agricultural systems. We hypothesize that biparental colony founding may have constrained the evolution of vertical symbiont transmission in termites but not in ants where males die after mating.\n      </p>", "Chromosome painting in placental mammalians illustrates that genome evolution is marked by chromosomal synteny conservation and that the association of chromosomes 3 and 21 may be the largest widely conserved syntenic block known for mammals. We studied intrachromosomal rearrangements of the syntenic block 3/21 by using probes derived from chromosomal subregions with a resolution of up to 10-15 Mbp. We demonstrate that the rearrangements visualized by chromosome painting, mostly translocations, are only a fraction of the actual chromosomal changes that have occurred during evolution. The ancestral segment order for both primates and carnivores is still found in some species in both orders. From the ancestral primate/carnivore condition an inversion is needed to derive the pig homolog, and a fission of chromosome 21 and a pericentric inversion is needed to derive the Bornean orangutan condition. Two overlapping inversions in the chromosome 3 homolog then would lead to the chromosome form found in humans and African apes. This reconstruction of the origin of human chromosome 3 contrasts with the generally accepted scenario derived from chromosome banding in which it was proposed that only one pericentric inversion was needed. From the ancestral form for Old World primates (now found in the Bornean orangutan) a pericentric inversion and centromere shift leads to the chromosome ancestral for all Old World monkeys. Intrachromosomal rearrangements, as shown here, make up a set of potentially plentiful and informative markers that can be used for phylogenetic reconstruction and a more refined comparative mapping of the genome.\n      </p>", "Many pathogen recognition genes, such as plant R-genes, undergo rapid adaptive evolution, providing evidence that these genes play a critical role in plant-pathogen coevolution. Surprisingly, whether rapid adaptive evolution also occurs in genes encoding other kinds of plant defense proteins is unknown. Unlike recognition proteins, plant chitinases attack pathogens directly, conferring disease resistance by degrading chitin, a component of fungal cell walls. Here, we show that nonsynonymous substitution rates in plant class I chitinase often exceed synonymous rates in the plant genus Arabis (Cruciferae) and in other dicots, indicating a succession of adaptively driven amino acid replacements. We identify individual residues that are likely subject to positive selection by using codon substitution models and determine the location of these residues on the three-dimensional structure of class I chitinase. In contrast to primate lysozymes and plant class III chitinases, structural and functional relatives of class I chitinase, the adaptive replacements of class I chitinase occur disproportionately in the active site cleft. This highly unusual pattern of replacements suggests that fungi directly defend against chitinolytic activity through enzymatic inhibition or other forms of chemical resistance and identifies target residues for manipulating chitinolytic activity. These data also provide empirical evidence that plant defense proteins not involved in pathogen recognition also evolve in a manner consistent with rapid coevolutionary interactions.\n      </p>", "We present new hypotheses and report experimental evidence for powerful selective forces impelling the evolution of both eusociality and the soldier caste in termites. Termite ancestors likely had a nesting and developmental life history similar to that of the living family Termopsidae, in which foraging does not occur outside the host wood, and nonsoldier helpers retain lifelong options for differentiation into reproductives. A local neighborhood of families that live exclusively within a limited resource results in interactions between conspecific colonies, high mortality of founding reproductives, and opportunities for accelerated inheritance of the nest and population by offspring that differentiate into nondispersing neotenic reproductives. In addition, fertile reproductive soldiers, a type of neotenic previously considered rare and docile, frequently develop in this intraspecific competitive context. They can be highly aggressive in subsequent interactions, supporting the hypothesis that intercolonial battles influenced the evolution of modern sterile termite soldier weaponry and behaviors.\n      </p>", "Most new genes are thought to evolve from preexisting genes but duplications of entire genes or shuffling of preexisting exons provides only a limited repertoire of new sequences that can be presented to a cell. Only pieces that previously existed can be used in the construction and any further divergence depends on the slow accumulation of mutations. We show here the presence of a small, in-frame intron in a ciliate phosphoglycerate kinase gene and the insertion of an unusually random amino acid sequence at the same position in trypanosome phosphoglycerate kinase. The unusual sequences in trypanosomes were likely to have originally been introns that have been subsequently captured by the protein and have now been incorporated as part of the coding sequence. Via this path a truly unique sequence can be incorporated into an existing protein, leading in time to the evolution of a new, functionally distinct protein.\n      </p>", "The duplication of Hox clusters and their maintenance in a lineage has a prominent but little understood role in chordate evolution. Here we examined how Hox cluster duplication may influence changes in cluster architecture and patterns of noncoding sequence evolution. We sequenced the entire duplicated HoxAa and HoxAb clusters of zebrafish (Danio rerio) and extended the 5\u2032 (posterior) part of the HoxM (HoxA-like) cluster of horn shark (Heterodontus francisci) containing the hoxa11 and hoxa13 orthologs as well as intergenic and flanking noncoding sequences. The duplicated HoxA clusters in zebrafish each house considerably fewer genes and are dramatically shorter than the single HoxA clusters of human and horn shark. We compared the intergenic sequences of the HoxA clusters of human, horn shark, zebrafish (Aa, Ab), and striped bass and found extensive conservation of noncoding sequence motifs, i.e., phylogenetic footprints, between the human and horn shark, representing two of the three gnathostome lineages. These are putative cis-regulatory elements that may play a role in the regulation of the ancestral HoxA cluster. In contrast, homologous regions of the duplicated HoxAa and HoxAb clusters of zebrafish and the HoxA cluster of striped bass revealed a striking loss of conservation of these putative cis-regulatory sequences in the 3\u2032 (anterior) segment of the cluster, where zebrafish only retains single representatives of group 1, 3, 4, and 5 (HoxAa) and group 2 (HoxAb) genes and in the 5\u2032 part of the clusters, where zebrafish retains two copies of the group 13, 11, and 9 genes, i.e., AbdB-like genes. In analyzing patterns of cis-sequence evolution in the 5\u2032 part of the clusters, we explicitly looked for evidence of complementary loss of conserved noncoding sequences, as predicted by the duplication-degeneration-complementation model in which genetic redundancy after gene duplication is resolved because of the fixation of complementary degenerative mutations. Our data did not yield evidence supporting this prediction. We conclude that changes in the pattern of cis-sequence conservation after Hox cluster duplication are more consistent with being the outcome of adaptive modification rather than passive mechanisms that erode redundancy created by the duplication event. These results support the view that genome duplications may provide a mechanism whereby master control genes undergo radical modifications conducive to major alterations in body plan. Such genomic revolutions may contribute significantly to the evolutionary process.\n      </p>", "Endosymbionts, which are widely observed in nature, have undergone reductive genome evolution because of their long-term intracellular lifestyle. Here we compared the complete genome sequences of two different endosymbionts, Buchnera and a protist mitochondrion, with their close relatives to study the evolutionary rates of functional genes in endosymbionts. The results indicate that the rate of amino acid substitution is two times higher in symbionts than in their relatives. This rate increase was observed uniformly among different functional classes of genes, although strong purifying selection may have counterbalanced the rate increase in a few cases. Our data suggest that, contrary to current views, neither the Muller's ratchet effect nor the slightly deleterious mutation theory sufficiently accounts for the elevated evolutionary rate. Rather, the elevated evolutionary rate appears to be mainly due to enhanced mutation rate, although the possibility of relaxation of purifying selection cannot be ruled out.\n      </p>", "We propose that an essential factor on the origin of genetic codes is a balanced accomplishment of robustness and changeability, two antithetical, but fundamental, properties for the survival and evolution of organisms. These measures are defined as the intrinsic properties of genetic codes. An evaluation of these properties explains the structural regularity of genetic codes, estimates the order of codon reassignment in deviant codes, and predicts the most probable deviant codes that exist. The enumeration of genetic codes that could have evolved from the standard genetic code under the selection pressure on robustness and changeability strongly limits the freedom of codon reassignments. The codon reassignments of all currently known deviant genetic codes belong to this predicted evolutionary path, and they generally give the highest improvements on robustness and changeability.\n      </p>", "In vitro selection, or directed molecular evolution, allows the isolation and amplification of rare sequences that satisfy a functional-selection criterion. This technique can be used to isolate novel ribozymes (RNA enzymes) from large pools of random sequences. We used in vitro evolution to select a ribozyme that catalyzes a novel template-directed RNA ligation that requires surprisingly few nucleotides for catalytic activity. With the exception of two nucleotides, most of the ribozyme contributes to a template, suggesting that it is a general prebiotic ligase. More surprisingly, the catalytic core built from randomized sequences actually contains a 7-nt manganese-dependent self-cleavage motif originally discovered in the Tetrahymena group I intron. Further experiments revealed that we have selected a dual-catalytic RNA from random sequences: the RNA promotes both cleavage at one site and ligation at another site, suggesting two conformations surrounding at least one divalent metal ion-binding site. Together, these results imply that similar catalytic RNA motifs can arise under fairly simple conditions and that multiple catalytic structures, including bifunctional ligases, can evolve from very small preexisting parts. By breaking apart and joining different RNA strands, such ribozymes could have led to the production of longer and more complex RNA polymers in prebiotic evolution.\n      </p>", "To study the tempo and pattern of mitochondrial gene loss in plants, DNAs from 280 genera of flowering plants were surveyed for the presence or absence of 40 mitochondrial protein genes by Southern blot hybridization. All 14 ribosomal protein genes and both sdh genes have been lost from the mitochondrial genome many times (6 to 42) during angiosperm evolution, whereas only two losses were detected among the other 24 genes. The gene losses have a very patchy phylogenetic distribution, with periods of stasis followed by bursts of loss in certain lineages. Most of the oldest groups of angiosperms are still mired in a prolonged stasis in mitochondrial gene content, containing nearly the same set of genes as their algal ancestors more than a billion years ago. In sharp contrast, other plants have rapidly lost many or all of their 16 mitochondrial ribosomal protein and sdh genes, thereby converging on a reduced gene content more like that of an animal or fungus than a typical plant. In these and many lineages with more modest numbers of losses, the rate of ribosomal protein and sdh gene loss exceeds, sometimes greatly, the rate of mitochondrial synonymous substitutions. Most of these mitochondrial gene losses are probably the consequence of gene transfer to the nucleus; thus, rates of functional gene transfer also may vary dramatically in angiosperms.\n      </p>", "Hypermutagenic PCR has been used to simulate pseudogene evolution of the Escherichia coli R67 dihydrofolate reductase gene. Each time the most divergent clone was used as template for another round of hypermutagenesis. After six rounds, with an average mutation rate of 0.05 per base per round, up to a 46% nucleic acid sequence variation was achieved. For a few clones the protein information content could be annihilated. As the intermediates were cloned and sequenced, it was possible to establish the real lineage and compute the true number of mutations. Not surprisingly the true number of forward and back mutations as well as variable sites exceeded those based on comparing any single intermediate to the initial sequence. However, the true number of forward and backward mutations, as well as the number of variable sites, increased linearly with sequence divergence from the original sequence, suggesting an empirical means to correct for branch lengths.\n      </p>", "The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) is a ligand-activated transcription factor through which halogenated aromatic hydrocarbons such as 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) cause altered gene expression and toxicity. The AHR belongs to the basic helix-loop-helix/Per-ARNT-Sim (bHLH-PAS) family of transcriptional regulatory proteins, whose members play key roles in development, circadian rhythmicity, and environmental homeostasis; however, the normal cellular function of the AHR is not yet known. As part of a phylogenetic approach to understanding the function and evolutionary origin of the AHR, we sequenced the PAS homology domain of AHRs from several species of early vertebrates and performed phylogenetic analyses of these AHR amino acid sequences in relation to mammalian AHRs and 24 other members of the PAS family. AHR sequences were identified in a teleost (the killifish Fundulus heteroclitus), two elasmobranch species (the skate Raja erinacea and the dogfish Mustelus canis), and a jawless fish (the lamprey Petromyzon marinus). Two putative AHR genes, designated AHR1 and AHR2, were found both in Fundulus and Mustelus. Phylogenetic analyses indicate that the AHR2 genes in these two species are orthologous, suggesting that an AHR gene duplication occurred early in vertebrate evolution and that multiple AHR genes may be present in other vertebrates. Database searches and phylogenetic analyses identified four putative PAS proteins in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, including possible AHR and ARNT homologs. Phylogenetic analysis of the PAS gene family reveals distinct clades containing both invertebrate and vertebrate PAS family members; the latter include paralogous sequences that we propose have arisen by gene duplication early in vertebrate evolution. Overall, our analyses indicate that the AHR is a phylogenetically ancient protein present in all living vertebrate groups (with a possible invertebrate homolog), thus providing an evolutionary perspective to the study of dioxin toxicity and AHR function.\n      </p>", "Cyanobacteria are the only prokaryotes known thus far possessing regulation of physiological functions with approximate daily periodicity, or circadian rhythms, that are controlled by a cluster of three genes, kaiA, kaiB, and kaiC. Here we demonstrate considerably higher genetic polymorphism and extremely rapid evolution of the kaiABC gene family in a filamentous cyanobacterium, Nostoc linckia, permanently exposed to the acute natural environmental stress in the two microsite evolutionary models known as \"Evolution Canyons,\" I (Mount Carmel) and II (Upper Galilee) in Israel. The family consists of five distinct subfamilies (kaiI-kaiV) comprising at least 20 functional genes and pseudogenes. The obtained data suggest that the duplications of kai genes have adaptive significance, and some of them are evolutionarily quite recent (\u224880,000 years ago). The observed patterns of within- and between-subfamily polymorphisms indicate that positive diversifying, balancing, and purifying selections are the principal driving forces of the kai gene family's evolution.\n      </p>", "Kin-selection theory has thrived in the explanation of a wide variety of biological phenomena, chiefly the evolution of biological altruism as that found in sterile castes of eusocial insects. Much of the way in which it has been tested is based on the existence of conflicts over sex-ratio production within eusocial colonies. However, despite neatly showing eusocial colonies as arenas where selection at the gene level triggers the appearance of sophisticated disputes, these studies have only demonstrated the existence of genes that act by biasing sex ratios to promote their own spread. Here we argue that such genes depend on the social organization of the colonies where they are expressed, but that they are not, in any way, the precursors of these societies-the major implication being that unequivocal evidence that eusociality evolved through the action of kin-selected altruistic genes is still lacking. Additionally, we highlight the neglect of alternative theories on the explanation of both biological altruism and sex-ratio conflicts, and defend that the enthusiasm with the latter has, in some cases, led to its inappropriate use as a basis for the explanation of other biological characteristics of eusocial organisms, when accounts based on phylogenetic or physiological constraints are also available.\n      </p>", "The current phylogenetic hypothesis for the endemic Lake Tanganyika cichlid fishes of the tribe Eretmodini is based solely on morphology and suggests that more complex trophic morphologies derived only once from a less specialized ancestral condition. A molecular phylogeny of eretmodine cichlids based on partial mitochondrial DNA cytochrome b and control-region sequences was used to reconstruct the evolutionary sequence of trophic adaptations and to test alternative models of morphological divergence. The six mitochondrial lineages found disagree with the current taxonomy and the morphology-based phylogeny. Mitochondrial lineages with similar trophic morphologies are not grouped monophyletically but are typically more closely related to lineages with different trophic phenotypes currently assigned to other genera. Our results indicate multiple independent origins of similar trophic specializations in these cichlids. A pattern of repeated divergent morphological evolution becomes apparent when the phylogeography of the mitochondrial haplotypes is analyzed in the context of the geological and paleoclimatological history of Lake Tanganyika. In more than one instance within Lake Tanganyika, similar morphological divergence of dentitional traits occurred in sympatric species pairs. Possibly, resource-based divergent selective regimes led to resource partitioning and brought about similar trophic morphologies independently and repeatedly.\n      </p>", "The fifth exons of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I genes encode a transmembrane domain (TM) that is largely responsible for class I antigen cell-surface expression usually through conventional hydrophobic amino acid-membrane interactions or, less often, through phosphatidylinositol linkage. In this report we show that Peromyscus leucopus, a Cricetidae rodent, has MHC class I genes (Pele-A genes) encoding three distinct sizes of TMs. Increases in TM lengths were due to tandem duplications of sequences similar to human hypervariable minisatellite repeats and the \u03bb chi site. We discerned remnants of a similar duplication event in comparable rodent and primate MHC class I genes. Furthermore, several duplications and deletions appear to have occurred independently in H-2, RT1, Pele-A, and ChLA genes in near-identical positions. Accumulated data suggests that sequences in the fifth exon of MHC class I genes may, therefore, constitute a mutational or recombinational hot spot that is mediated by minisatellite- and chi-like sequences imbedded within the coding region. The MHC class I genes may thus have recruited \"selfish\" DNA in their evolution to encode cell surface proteins. Expression of Pele-A genes was examined by the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) using oligonucleotide primers specific for exon 4 and 5 sequences. The PCR product sizes indicated that genes encoding each TM domain length are ubiquitously transcribed.\n      </p>", "Full-length cDNA sequences of two class I major histocompatibility complex molecules from the DA strain of Rattus norvegicus are reported. One codes for the classical class I restriction element RT1.Aa, which maps to the locus in the rat major histocompatibility complex homologous to H-2K in the mouse. The other probably codes for a soluble nonclassical class I molecule present in DA rat serum; a short deletion in the fifth exon implies that the translated product will terminate in the membrane-spanning region. These sequences have been compared with mouse classical class I sequences as well as with three published rat class I cDNA partial sequences. The results show, first, that \"locus-specific\" substitutions from the H-2K, H-2D, and H-2L data set are scrambled in the RT1.Aa molecule; a majority of these substitutions have H-2D/L-specific features. Second, the data show that the four rat sequences are strikingly similar to one another regardless of locus or haplotype of origin; they share a number of apparently species-specific features that distinguish them all from mouse classical class I sequences, which likewise share distinctive features of their own. The results suggest that segmental sequence exchange plays a major role in determining the evolution of sequence in class I major histocompatibility complex molecules.\n      </p>", "Culturing a population of Saccharomyces cerevisiae for many generations under conditions to which it is not optimally adapted selects for fitter genetic variants. This simple experimental design provides a tractable model of adaptive evolution under natural selection. Beginning with a clonal, founding population, independently evolved strains were obtained from three independent cultures after continuous aerobic growth in glucose-limited chemostats for more than 250 generations. DNA microarrays were used to compare genome-wide patterns of gene expression in the evolved strains and the parental strain. Several hundred genes were found to have significantly altered expression in the evolved strains. Many of these genes showed similar alterations in their expression in all three evolved strains. Genes with altered expression in the three evolved strains included genes involved in glycolysis, the tricarboxylic acid cycle, oxidative phosphorylation, and metabolite transport. These results are consistent with physiological observations and indicate that increased fitness is acquired by altering regulation of central metabolism such that less glucose is fermented and more glucose is completely oxidized.\n      </p>", "A paradigm of evolutionary biology is that adaptation and reproductive isolation are caused by a nearly infinite number of mutations of individually small effect. Here, we test this hypothesis by investigating the genetic basis of pollinator discrimination in two closely related species of monkeyflowers that differ in their major pollinators. This system provides a unique opportunity to investigate the genetic architecture of adaptation and speciation because floral traits that confer pollinator specificity also contribute to premating reproductive isolation. We asked: (i) What floral traits cause pollinator discrimination among plant species? and (ii) What is the genetic basis of these traits? We examined these questions by using data obtained from a large-scale field experiment where genetic markers were employed to determine the genetic basis of pollinator visitation. Observations of F2 hybrids produced by crossing bee-pollinated Mimulus lewisii with hummingbird-pollinated Mimulus cardinalis revealed that bees preferred large flowers low in anthocyanin and carotenoid pigments, whereas hummingbirds favored nectar-rich flowers high in anthocyanins. An allele that increases petal carotenoid concentration reduced bee visitation by 80%, whereas an allele that increases nectar production doubled hummingbird visitation. These results suggest that genes of large effect on pollinator preference have contributed to floral evolution and premating reproductive isolation in these monkeyflowers. This work contributes to growing evidence that adaptation and reproductive isolation may often involve major genes.\n      </p>", "Trisomy is a genetic abnormality of considerable medical importance. The most familiar example is trisomy 21, which causes Down Syndrome [Cummings, M. R. (1988) Human Heredity: Principles and Issues (West Publishing Company, New York)]. In a classic paper, Axelrod and Hamilton [Axelrod, R. &amp; Hamilton, W. D. (1981) Science 211, 1390-1396] offered a chromosomal drive (CD) hypothesis based on the game iterated prisoner's dilemma (IPD) to explain the evolution of an increased frequency of trisomic pregnancies with maternal age. In this paper we explore this hypothesis and its predictions in detail. On closer examination we find that IPD does not provide an adequate model for the CD hypothesis. Therefore, we develop a more suitable model and explore the conditions necessary for it to explain maternal age-dependent trisomy. Our results demonstrate that a relationship between the decay of a female's reproductive potential and chromosomal drive must exist for the CD hypothesis to work. With appropriate parameter values, a comparison of model predictions with empirical estimates for the age-dependence of trisomy reveals a striking correspondence. We point out a close correspondence between other predictions made by the CD hypothesis and empirical observations, as well.\n      </p>", "Twelve populations of Escherichia coli, derived from a common ancestor, evolved in a glucose-limited medium for 20,000 generations. Here we use DNA expression arrays to examine whether gene-expression profiles in two populations evolved in parallel, which would indicate adaptation, and to gain insight into the mechanisms underlying their adaptation. We compared the expression profile of the ancestor to that of clones sampled from both populations after 20,000 generations. The expression of 59 genes had changed significantly in both populations. Remarkably, all 59 were changed in the same direction relative to the ancestor. Many of these genes were members of the cAMP-cAMP receptor protein (CRP) and guanosine tetraphosphate (ppGpp) regulons. Sequencing of several genes controlling the effectors of these regulons found a nonsynonymous mutation in spoT in one population. Moving this mutation into the ancestral background showed that it increased fitness and produced many of the expression changes manifest after 20,000 generations. The same mutation had no effect on fitness when introduced into the other evolved population, indicating that a mutation of similar effect was present already. Our study demonstrates the utility of expression arrays for addressing evolutionary issues including the quantitative measurement of parallel evolution in independent lineages and the identification of beneficial mutations.\n      </p>", "Testing of nuclear DNA polymorphisms in human populations has been extended to closely related primates. For many polymorphisms, one allele is shared by two or more species: such shared alleles are likely to be ancestral and provide insight not only into the relationships among the primates but also into the evolutionary history of modern humans. Humans from among eight worldwide populations share an allele with chimpanzees for 62 out of 79 polymorphisms examined. Frequencies of these ancestral alleles strengthen the conclusion that the earliest major separation of modern humans was between Africans and non-Africans. The average time since mutation of the ancestral alleles producing the current set of polymorphisms is estimated to be 700,000 years. While differences among ancestral allele frequencies in human populations suggest that natural selection may have played a role in the evolution of a subset of these polymorphisms, simulations indicate that a European bias in the ascertainment of polymorphisms may be at least partially responsible for observed differences. Simulations also suggest that observed heterozygosity levels in African populations, for classical polymorphisms and restriction fragment length polymorphisms, are artificially low due to the same bias. Observed patterns of mean heterozygosity and mean ancestral allele frequency provide support for the hypothesis that Europeans and northeast Asians are closely related. This work suggests that polymorphisms should be selected by testing a random sample of extant humans.\n      </p>", "Positive Darwinian selection on advantageous point substitutions has been demonstrated in many genes. We here provide empirical evidence, for the first time, that positive selection can also act on insertion/deletion (indel) substitutions in the evolution of a protein. CATSPER1 is a voltage-gated calcium channel found exclusively in the plasma membrane of the mammalian sperm tail and it is essential for sperm motility. We determined the DNA sequences of the first exon of the CATSPER1 gene from 15 primates, which encodes the intracellular N terminus region of \u2248400 aa. These sequences exhibit an excessively high frequency of indels. However, all indels have lengths that are multiples of 3 nt (3n indels) and do not disrupt the ORF. The number of indel substitutions per site per year in CATSPER1 is five to eight times the corresponding rates calculated from two large-scale primate genomic comparisons, which represent the neutral rate of indel substitutions. Moreover, CATSPER1 indels are considerably longer than neutral indels. These observations strongly suggest that positive selection has been promoting the fixation of indel mutations in CATSPER1 exon 1. It has been shown in certain ion channels that the length of the N terminus region affects the rate of channel inactivation. This finding suggests that the selection detected may be related to the regulation of the CATSPER1 channel, which can affect sperm motility, an important determinant in sperm competition.\n      </p>", "Examination of the phenotypic effects of specific mutations has been extensively used to identify candidate genes affecting traits of interest. However, such analyses do not reveal anything about the evolutionary forces acting at these loci, or whether standing allelic variation contributes to phenotypic variance in natural populations. The Drosophila gene methuselah (mth) has been proposed as having major effects on organismal stress response and longevity phenotype. Here, we examine patterns of polymorphism and divergence at mth in population level samples of Drosophila melanogaster, D. simulans, and D. yakuba. Mth has experienced an unusually high level of adaptive amino acid divergence concentrated in the intra- and extracellular loop domains of the receptor protein, suggesting the historical action of positive selection on those regions of the molecule that modulate signal transduction. Further analysis of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in D. melanogaster provided evidence for contemporary and spatially variable selection at the mth locus. In ten surveyed populations, the most common mth haplotype exhibited a 40% cline in frequency that coincided with population level differences in multiple life-history traits including lifespan. This clinal pattern was not associated with any particular SNP in the coding region, indicating that selection is operating at a closely linked site that may be involved in gene expression. Together, these consistently nonneutral patterns of inter- and intraspecific variation suggest adaptive evolution of a signal transduction pathway that may modulate lifespan in nature.\n      </p>", "The integrin family of cell surface receptors is strongly conserved in higher animals, but the evolutionary history of integrins is obscure. We have identified and sequenced cDNAs encoding integrin \u03b2 subunits from a coral (phylum Cnidaria) and a sponge (Porifera), indicating that these proteins existed in the earliest stages of metazoan evolution. The coral \u03b2 Cn1 and, especially, the sponge \u03b2 Po1 sequences are the most divergent of the ``\u03b2 1-class'' integrins and share a number of features not found in any other vertebrate or invertebrate integrins. Perhaps the greatest difference from other \u03b2 subunits is found in the third and fourth repeats of the cysteine-rich stalk, where the generally conserved spacing between cysteines are highly variable, but not similar, in \u03b2 Cn1 and \u03b2 Po1. Alternatively spliced cDNAs, containing a stop codon about midway through the full-length translated sequence, were isolated from the sponge library. These cDNAs appear to define a boundary between functional domains, as they would encode a protein that includes the globular ligand-binding head but would be missing the stalk, transmembrane, and cytoplasmic domains. These and other sequence comparisons with vertebrate integrins are discussed with respect to models of integrin structure and function.\n      </p>", "Gene order evolution in two eukaryotes was studied by comparing the Saccharomyces cerevisiae genome sequence to extensive new data from whole-genome shotgun and cosmid sequencing of Candida albicans. Gene order is substantially different between these two yeasts, with only 9% of gene pairs that are adjacent in one species being conserved as adjacent in the other. Inversion of small segments of DNA, less than 10 genes long, has been a major cause of rearrangement, which means that even where a pair of genes has been conserved as adjacent, the transcriptional orientations of the two genes relative to one another are often different. We estimate that about 1,100 single-gene inversions have occurred since the divergence between these species. Other genes that are adjacent in one species are in the same neighborhood in the other, but their precise arrangement has been disrupted, probably by multiple successive multigene inversions. We estimate that gene adjacencies have been broken as frequently by local rearrangements as by chromosomal translocations or long-distance transpositions. A bias toward small inversions has been suggested by other studies on animals and plants and may be general among eukaryotes.\n      </p>", "Isopentenyl diphosphate (IPP) is the central intermediate in the biosynthesis of isoprenoids, the most ancient and diverse class of natural products. Two distinct routes of IPP biosynthesis occur in nature: the mevalonate pathway and the recently discovered deoxyxylulose 5-phosphate (DXP) pathway. The evolutionary history of the enzymes involved in both routes and the phylogenetic distribution of their genes across genomes suggest that the mevalonate pathway is germane to archaebacteria, that the DXP pathway is germane to eubacteria, and that eukaryotes have inherited their genes for IPP biosynthesis from prokaryotes. The occurrence of genes specific to the DXP pathway is restricted to plastid-bearing eukaryotes, indicating that these genes were acquired from the cyanobacterial ancestor of plastids. However, the individual phylogenies of these genes, with only one exception, do not provide evidence for a specific affinity between the plant genes and their cyanobacterial homologues. The results suggest that lateral gene transfer between eubacteria subsequent to the origin of plastids has played a major role in the evolution of this pathway.\n      </p>"], "words": {"limited": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "illustrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morphology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genomes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "abundant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "methods,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feeding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cells,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physiological": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "segments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "those": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "under": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "circumstances": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yeast": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "far": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cellular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "condition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 47, "prob": 0.0003892194493786981}, "level": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biological": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "force": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morphology,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bacterial": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "estimated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "targets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canonical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organisms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nature,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expressed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cell": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "experiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fossil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "can": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "satisfy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proliferation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tempo": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genes": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "here": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "myosin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coli,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amplification": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "path": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "great": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involved": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "study": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "studied": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "allows": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controversy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "usually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gene": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "studies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "involves": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "composed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "marked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tertiary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genomics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undergone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dna": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "wealth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "substitutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "type": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "populations": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "tested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animals": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "this": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accomplishment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mammalian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "era": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolved": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "strategies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specialized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "high": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "species": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "information": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "utilize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "how": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "animal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "toxic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hox": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simplicity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ubiquitous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "description": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "derived": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "containing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "data": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "parallel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 37, "prob": 0.0003064068005747198}, "short": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "natural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fungi": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hypotheses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complexity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maintain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turnover": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolutionary": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "tuberculosis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "feature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "including": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "coli": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "group": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "absence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clusters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "then": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "powerful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "effects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lineage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "represents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "finite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "proteins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mode": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fitness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "receptor": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "higher": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "characterized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "speciation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "circadian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "our": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ultimately": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "network": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "driving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "integrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurs": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "red": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interactions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pathogenic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animals,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "free": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "members": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regulatory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "algae": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "language": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grasses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "origin": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "major": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "features": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "implicated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "endemic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "family,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "regulation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assumption": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "molecular": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "pathogen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "glucose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mostly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "environmental": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "population": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "distance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "isolation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "older": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "r": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behaviors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cyanobacteria": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "regulate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vitro": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "built": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transcription": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "self": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "majority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "transcribed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "finding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "involving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "advantageous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organisms,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pattern": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "duplication": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "painting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "attempts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shuffling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "histories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "receptors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analytic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enzyme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "network,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morphological": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "methods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nearly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "closely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "secondary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crabs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reveal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution": {"number": 31, "prob": 0.0002567192112923328}, "resolve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organ": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parasitic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obscure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biogeography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "human": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "habit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vertebrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "testing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "humans": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "observed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eusociality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "full": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "genomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fiddler": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compounds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nuclear": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "membrane": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "ability": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypothesis": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "topology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "c": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improved": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "region": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "annual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adapted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experimental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "unclear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "point": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mutations": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "distinguish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adaptation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "morphologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sequences": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "vertebrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "genetic": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "much": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maintenance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "life": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "tissues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversity": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "essentially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "plants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unlike": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "microsatellite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wild": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phenotypic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "larger": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "thus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "surface": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "properties": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "in": {"number": 41, "prob": 0.00033953186009631113}, "comparative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plants,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protein": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "mouse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "same": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "complex": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "widely": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "propose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficult": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "development": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evolve": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extended": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ancestors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infinite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "categories,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tradition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perennial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thought": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 106, "prob": 0.0008778140773221702}, "paradigm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seasonal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trophic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taxa": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shape": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "underlying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predicts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differentiation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "speed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "candidate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "drive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lake": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extensive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "has": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "reuse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paleontology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "emergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unique": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cerevisiae": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prominent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "excluding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deleterious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "either": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "essential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twelve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sequence": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "creation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traits": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "viral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "extensively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whole": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "landscape": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "biology": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "noise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forces": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "periodicity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variation": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "although": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "relating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "on": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "about": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 114, "prob": 0.0009440641963653528}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efforts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "tribe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "saccharomyces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eukaryotes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "presence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "previously": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "into": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "preexisting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accumulates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mitochondrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultivated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "balanced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anatomical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "comparing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assumed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approximate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "escherichia": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conservation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "low": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "way": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyze": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "was": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "function": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "only": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "neutral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "line": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cichlid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "directed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproductive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ancestral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maximum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "codes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "polymorphisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "similar": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "display": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strongly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mycobacterium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phylogenetic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "direction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "conserved": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "diverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "families": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chromosome": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functions": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detail": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "duplications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genome": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "elements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rhythms,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecological": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "independently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prolific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controlled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "space": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "daily": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "time": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "caste": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "once": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}