{"total_words": 1621, "documents": ["The construct, family resilience, has been defined and applied very differently by those who are primarily clinical practitioners and those who are primarily researchers in the family field. In this-article, the family resilience perspective is integrated with conceptual definitions from family stress theory using the Family Adjustment and Adaptation Response (FAAR) Model in an effort to clarify distinctions between family resiliency as capacity and family resilience as a process. The family resilience process is discussed in terms of (a) the meaning of significant risk exposure (vs. the normal challenges of family life) and (b) the importance of making conceptual and operational distinctions between family system outcomes and family protective processes. Recommendations for future family resilience research are discussed.\n      </p>", "An overview of a research-informed family resilience framework, developed as a conceptual map to guide clinical intervention and prevention efforts with vulnerable families is presented. Building on studies of individual and family resilience and developments in strength-based approaches to family therapy, this practice approach is distinguished by its focus on strengthening family functioning in the context of adversity. Key processes that foster resilience are outlined, as are several innovative family systems training and service applications.\n      </p>", "Although family development theory has made significant contributions to the field of family studies, virtually all of the models based on this theory are fraught with two fundamental conceptual weaknesses: the assumption of universality and the skew toward a single generational focus. The Systemic Family Developmental (SFD) Model is presented here as a process-oriented and holistic alternative to existing models of family developmental theory. Following the presentation of a case example that demonstrates how the SFD Model can be used to study an actual family, detailed recommendations are provided for the use of the Model in undergraduate family development and family studies courses.\n      </p>", "Political science has been relatively silent about family, associating it with social welfare policy, gender, or the private sphere. However, family is also an important part of day-to-day politics, and legislators use family to accomplish a wide range of policy goals. This paper provides a theoretical framework for thinking about family as a part of the policy process that justifies policy positions, administers goods and services, and determines eligibility. I test the theoretical framework by evaluating where and how family is used in the policy process with a quantitative analysis of congressional speeches, the U.S. code, and federal regulations. Finally, a brief look at tax policy in the 1990s shows how family can be incorporated into political research. Ultimately, political actors use concepts of family across a broad spectrum of policy areas, including those not traditionally thought of as \"family oriented,\" suggesting a number of important implications and research questions for further study.\n      </p>", "Work-family research employing nationally representative samples and multiple methods of data collection is uncommon. We used data from two affiliated national surveys to examine the distribution of work-family spillover among working adults. The National Study of Daily Experiences (n = 741), an 8-day daily diary study using a subsample of the National Survey of Midlife Development in the United States (MIDUS; N = 2,130), allowed work-family spillover to be conceptualized and ope rationalized in different ways. Analyses testing family life course hypotheses indicated that self-reported negative and positive spillover between work and family were not randomly distributed within the labor force. Age was found to have a persistent curvilinear effect on negative spillover between work and family. The prevalence of co-occurring work and family stress reported over 8 days was comparable across nearly all the sociodemographic characteristics.\n      </p>", "This article describes a method for identifying how families organize and proceed through the problem-solving process. The method uses new behaviors as markers to identify the beginning and ends of qualitatively different periods of problem-solving interaction. The sample consisted of 40 family groups, including a father, a mother, and their adolescent who was living with diabetes. The utility of the method is evaluated by testing a phasing hypothesis that proposes that family problem solving proceeds in a rational, stepwise manner. Two different tests, one using aggregate data from all family groups and one using the family as the unit of analysis, supported an orderly, rather than a random, sequencing of problem solving, although patterns did not perfectly match the ideal problem-solving model.\n      </p>", "Background: Having a family member with substance use problems affects family functioning, which may lead to increased medical problems and increased health care utilization and costs in the other family members. Aim: We sought to estimate the excess medical costs and prevalence of diagnosed health conditions of family members of persons with an alcohol or drug diagnosis (AOD) compared with the family members of similar persons without an AOD. Methods: Using a large health plan's administrative databases, we identified persons who received an AOD between 2001 and 2004 and a similar group of persons with no AOD during that time. Using a hierarchical linear mixed model, we compared the cost and utilization of the family members of the AOD and non-AOD patients in the 2 years prior to the AOD patient's first AOD. Using logistic regression, we determined whether the family members of patients with AODs were more likely than comparison family members to be diagnosed with medical conditions. Results: Family members of patients with AODs had greater health care costs than comparison family members in the second year before the index date ($ 490) and in the year before the index date ($ 433). This was the case for both adult and child family members. They also were more likely to be diagnosed with many medical conditions, especially substance abuse and depression. Conclusions: Family members of patients with AODs have greater health care costs and are more likely to be diagnosed with a number of medical conditions than family members of similar persons without an AOD.\n      </p>", "There is currently a lack of reliable scales with which to assess the construct of family quality of life, particularly for families who have children with disabilities. The current work presents 2 studies, including a total of 488 families with children with disabilities, which were conducted to complete the development of a scale to assess family quality of life. The measure was refined through confirmatory factor analyses into 25 items that assess 5 domains of Family Quality of Life: Family Interaction, Parenting, Emotional Well-Being, Physical/Material Well-Being, and Disability-Related Support. Each subscale was found to be unidimensional and internally consistent. An initial examination of test-retest reliability and convergent validity is also presented. Implications for future research, scale use, and policy are discussed.\n      </p>", "The current study sought to discover whether workplace support provided by Army Family Team Building (AFTB) of the Department of the Army was associated with changes in individual knowledge of basic Army lifestyle information, and whether such changes influenced a sense of fit and satisfaction with the Army. Data were collected from 69 Army wives. Findings support the notion that AFTB does increase a basic level of knowledge about the Army, and that this increase positively influ-ences fit. Fit also mediated the relationship between knowledge gain and satisfaction. Implications for the general work-family interface are discussed.\n      </p>", "This study test a cross-cultural model of the work-family interface. Using multigroup structural equation modeling with IBM survey responses from 48 countries (N = 25,380), results show that the same work-family interface model that fits the data globally also fits the data in a four-group model composed of culturally related groups of countries, as well as a two-group gender model. This supports a transportable rather than a culturally specific or gender-specific work-family interface model: notably, job flexibility related to reduced work-family conflict, reduced family-work conflict, and enhanced work-family fit. Work-family fit related to increased job satisfaction. Findings suggest that investment by multinational companies in job flexibility initiatives may represent a dual-agenda way to benefit men, women, and businesses in diverse cultures.\n      </p>", "This article uses a differential salience-comparable salience approach to examine the effects of work demands and resources on work-to-family conflict and facilitation. The analysis is based on data from 1,938 employed adults living with a family member who were interviewed for the 1997 National Study of the Changing Workforce. The results support the differential salience approach by indicating that time- and strain-based work demands show relatively strong positive relationships to work-to-family conflict, whereas enabling resources and psychological rewards show relatively strong positive relationships to work-to-family facilitation. The availability of time-based family support policies and work-family organizational support is negatively related to conflict and positively related to facilitation, thereby supporting the comparable salience approach.\n      </p>", "Objective\u2014To measure the change in cardiovascular risk factors achievable in families over one year by a cardiovascular screening and lifestyle intervention in general practice. Design\u2014Randomised controlled trial in 26 general practices in 13 towns in Britain. Subjects\u201412472 men aged 40-59 and their partners (7460 men and 5012 women) identified by household. Intervention\u2014Nurse led programme using a family centred approach with follow up according to degree of risk. Main outcome measures\u2014After one year the pairs of practices were compared for differences in (a) total coronary (Dundee) risk score and (b) cigarette smoking, weight, blood pressure, and random blood cholesterol and glucose concentrations. Results\u2014In men the overall reduction in coronary risk score was 16% (95% confidence interval 11% to 21%) in the intervention practices at one year. This was partitioned between systolic pressure (7%), smoking (5%), and cholesterol concentration (4%). The reduction for women was similar. For both sexes reported cigarette smoking at one year was lower by about 4%, systolic pressure by 7 mm Hg, diastolic pressure by 3 mm Hg, weight by 1 kg, and cholesterol concentration by 0.1 mmol/l, but there was no shift in glucose concentration. Weight, blood pressure, and cholesterol concentration showed the greatest difference at the top of the distribution. If maintained long term the differences in risk factors achieved would mean only a 12% reduction in risk of coronary events. Conclusions\u2014As most general practices are not using such an intensive programme the changes in coronary risk factors achieved by the voluntary health promotion package for primary care are likely to be even smaller. The government's screening policy cannot be justified by these results.\n      </p>", "Previous research has demonstrated that the use of general behaviors specified by a life-management strategy entitled Selection, Optimization, and Compensation (SOC) reduces, if only to a small extent, the perceived amounts of the main antecedents (i.e., job/family stressors) of work-family conflict. The results of the current study demonstrate that several variables that impact the amount of resources demanded of, or resources available to, an individual (e.g., supervisor support) moderate the relationship between SOC behaviors and job/family stressors. Specifically, SOC strategies are more effective than previously thought at reducing job/family stressors for precisely those individuals in the most demanding situations.\n      </p>", "We use data from a variety of sources to describe recent dramatic changes in the composition, economic stability, and diversity of American families. The declining prevalence of early marriage, increasing level of marital dissolution, and growing tendency to never marry, especially among some racial and ethnic groups, reflect changes in the relative economic prospects of men and women and support the conclusion that marriage is becoming less valued as a source of economic stability. These developments also imply that relatively more children are born outside of marriage, spend at least part of their childhood in a single-parent household, and endure multiple changes in family composition. Paralleling these trends have been sharp changes in the economic stability of families, characterized most notably by a growing importance of women's income and increasing economic inequality among American families.\n      </p>", "Using data from the National Survey of Families and Households, we compared quality of family relationships and well-being across five different family structures with a particular focus on adoptive households. Four theoretical perspectives, each emphasizing the importance of different factors in determining relationship quality and well-being, guided this work and led us to compare adoptive families with families that include two biological parents, single mothers, stepfathers, and stepmothers. We found the most support for the perspective stressing the importance of family processes that occur in all types of families, rather than family structure. Specifically, there were few family structure differences based on fathers' and children's reports, and structure differences in mothers' reports were no longer significant after controlling for disagreements between family members. The implications of these results for adoption theory and policies are discussed.\n      </p>", "The relationship between different models of family level interventions and two components of practitioner helpgiving (relational practices and participatory practices) was examined in two studies of parents of young children involved in different kinds of family oriented helpgiving programs. Relational and participatory aspects of helpgiving were found to be practiced less often in professionally centered programs compared to other kinds of family oriented programs. Participatory helpgiving practices that provided parents with (a) choices and options and (b) opportunities to be involved in both solutions to problems and acquisition of knowledge and skills that strengthen functioning were more likely to be found in programs that were family centered. Findings are discussed in terms of the importance of the models used to structure social and human services program practices.\n      </p>", "Recent changes in US immigration policy and domestic welfare policies affecting immigrants have led to concerns that families will face greater pressure to provide for extended family members. Extended family households are important resources for new immigrants to the USA and an integral part of the adaptive strategy of immigrants. This paper examines the competing roles of duration of residence in the USA, aging and changes over time in explaining increases in extended family living between 1980 and 1990. The results from a pooled sample of 1980 and 1990 Census data indicate that recent arrivals are more likely to share households with extended kin but it is older immigrants who face an increased likelihood of such coresidence over time. Multinomial logistic regression analysis demonstrates that the life course pattern of coresidence remains when changes in socioeconomic status are controlled. The results suggest that policy changes limiting public funds available to new arrivals will have a larger impact on families sponsoring older family members.\n      </p>", "This study explored how immigration influenced Mexican family relationships. Qualitative interviews were conducted with 12 adolescents and 14 parents from 10 undocumented Mexican families. Participants immigrated to North Carolina within the past 7 years. A conceptual model derived from the data using grounded theory methods suggested that, after immigration, parents had less time to spend with children because of demanding new jobs and mothers entering the work force. Decreased time as a family was associated with adolescents' loneliness, isolation, and risk-taking behavior. In response to perceived environmental threats, Mexican parents became authoritarian, precipitating parent-adolescent conflict. Parent-adolescent acculturation gaps were viewed as an asset as adolescents helped parents navigate within the new cultural system. Families coped with postimmigration changes by maintaining high levels of familism and enacting cultural traditions.\n      </p>", "The present study used structural equation modeling to examine the potential mediating effect of family conflict on caregiver strain in a randomly drawn household sample of 650 adults with primary care responsibility for an adult age 50 or older with a mental disability. Caregiver strain was directly influenced by the conflict, disagreements, and hardships experienced by the caregiver's family. Specifically, family conflict was found to mediate the impact of care recipient mental impairment and caregiver educational level on caregiver strain, and mediate par- tially the impact of caregiver income and caregiver-care recipient relationship. Findings suggest the importance of considering family-centered approaches when designing interventions to assist family caregivers.\n      </p>", "Language patterns of family business owners were explored by identifying discourse styles and emphasized ideas in four presenting contexts: business, family, intersection of family and business, and business success. The content analysis supports the existence of a general discourse style within family businesses and of similarities and differences between men and women in emphasized ideas as they frame their family businesses. The emotional discourse style (words of personal involvement, concern, and preference) was prominent across contexts for both genders, and there was a distinct absence of analytical language. Women had a higher emotional discourse style score for managing the business than did men, and balanced their emotional language with the practicality of planning tasks and creating efficiencies.\n      </p>", "Although commitment is one of the attributes of family firms of continuing interest to researchers, they almost always study it from the perspective of the owning family. In the current work, we analyze the commitment of the non-family employees. We propose a model of commitment, with the aim of studying the implications that this variable may have for family businesses. We study both the aspects on the basis of the approaches of Meyer and Allen's three-component model of organizational commitment and stewardship theory. Results show that the identification level of non-family employees positively and significantly influences the profitability and the survival or continuity of familyowned businesses. At the same time that their involvement level positively and significantly influences the survival or continuity of family-owned businesses.\n      </p>", "Three hundred and forty-four (49.6%) family planning users and 350 (50.4%) non-family planning users were included in a study to assess the factors that are associated with utilisation of family planning services at different levels of health institutions in northwest Ethiopia. Desire for (more) children was the most common reason (51.4%) for not using family planning services, followed by inadequate knowledge about family planning services (14.6%). A higher proportion of the non-users were illiterate, of lower parity, and had their last child under one year of age (P&lt;0.05). In logistics regression analysis family planning was significantly lower in the illiterate. Positive husband's attitude had the strongest association (OR 9.3, 95% CI 4.6, 18.7) with family planning. In addition to programs that create demand for smaller well-spaced children, IEC and family planning services should target men and strong emphasis should be given to use of family planning methods in as early period after birth as possible. /// Trois cent quarante-quatre (49,6%) usagers de la planification farmiliale et trois cent cinquante (50,4%) non-usagers ont fait partie d'une \u00e9tude pour \u00e9valuer les facteurs li\u00e9s \u00e0 l'utilisation des services de la planification familiale \u00e0 tous les niveaux des institutions de la sant\u00e9 au nord-ouest de \u013eEthiopie. Le d\u00e9sir d'avoir (plus) des enfants \u00e9tait la raison la plus commune (51,4%) pour ne pas se servir des services de la planification familiale, suivie d'une connaissance peu ad\u00e9quate au sujet de la planification familiale (14,6%). La majorit\u00e9 des non-usagers \u00e9taient des illettr\u00e9es, d'une parit\u00e9 moins \u00e9lev\u00e9e et dont le dermier enfant n'avait pas encore un an (P&lt;0,05). Dans l'analyse de la regression logistique, la planification familiale \u00e9tait moins \u00e9lev\u00e9e de fa\u00e7on significative, chez les ill\u00e9ttr\u00e9es, l'\u00e2ge du dernier enfant \u00e9tant moins d'un an, et les femmes ayant moins de quatre enfants vivants et ceci \u00e9tait plus \u00e9lev\u00e9 chez les femmes c\u00e9libataires. L'attitude positive du mari avait le plus grand lien (OR 9,3%, 95% CI 4,6,18,7) avec la planification familiale. En plus des programmes qui cr\u00e9ent la demande pour peu d'enfants bien espac\u00e9s, les services d'IEC et de la planification familiale devraient viser les hommes et beaucoup d'accent devrait \u00eatre mis sur les m\u00e9thodes de la planification familiale aussi t\u00f4t que possible apr\u00e8s l'accouchement.\n      </p>", "The relationship between family ownership and firm performance has gained increased attention in the business strategy and financial economics literature. Most existing studies use large companies as the research sample; studies that explicitly investigate the influence of family ownership on the performance of small-and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) remain sparse. This study raises this issue explicitly by investigating the influence of founding-family ownership on the return on assets and Tobin's q of 341 public SMEs in Taiwan, during the period of 2002-2006. It emerges from the data that family ownership is prevalent and substantial in Taiwan, representing half of the public SMEs and accounting for more than 11 percent of their outstanding equity. It was found that the influence of family ownership on SME performance is positive and significant. Overall, the results suggest that family ownership is an effective organizational structure for SMEs in Taiwan.\n      </p>", "This study investigates the utility of the family of origin parachute model in predicting longitudinal outcomes for couples in romantic relationships. This conceptual model contains common family variables that are theoretically and empirically related to later adult functioning and are believed to influence attitudes that adult children develop regarding romantic relationships as well as self-esteem. Data from two samples were used to analyze this model. The results support the model and demonstrate its ability to predict membership in relationship satisfaction groups. Suggestions are presented for integrating the family of origin in applied work.\n      </p>", "Although HIV risk reduction interventions and family programs are crucial elements of the rehabilitation process for women offenders, these programs have operated in isolation from each other. HIV interventions for women offenders have not attended to family relationships, and family programs for women offenders have not focused on HIV-related issues. Because the number of women under correctional sanction has increased dramatically and HIV infection and risk for HIV infection in women offenders are growing concerns, we argue that family programs need to consider HIV-related issues within a family relationship perspective.\n      </p>", "This article presents a broad conceptual framework that suggests ways in which community demands, resources, and strategies influence relationships between work demands, resources, and family well-being. Withindomain and boundary-spanning community demands and resources are proposed to combine with work demands and resources in relation to work-family conflict and facilitation. Boundary-spanning community strategies are expected to mediate and moderate relationships between work-family conflict and facilitation and family well-being. The paper closes with an agenda for future research and a strategy for policy and practice.\n      </p>", "We surveyed colleagues from 4 international professional organizations involved with families in order to examine global family concerns and the role of family life education from an ecosystemic perspective. Our sample represented 6 continents and 50 countries. Survey results indicated that family education and related course-work were available in all continents along with considerable public interest in family education. International public concern about family issues was related to population characteristics, values related to parenting and childrearing, interest in family and health legislation/regulations, and public interest in family, parent, and marriage education.\n      </p>", "Wealthy families, as opposed to small public shareholders, characterize ownership of the large corporate sectors of many countries around the world. This paper shows that greater oligarchic family control over large corporations is associated with worse social economic outcomes. It also correlates with more bureaucratic and more interventionist governments, and less developed financial markets. Further tests show that red tape, price controls, and the lack of shareholder rights protection are the paramount factors relating to the extent of family control of large firms. These results are broadly consistent with Olson and others who argue that economically entrenched wealthy insiders pursue rent-seeking activities to preserve the status quo, and that this increases corruption, and impedes growth.\n      </p>", "Because recent trends point to the problematic nature of sexuality in families, it is important for family professionals to identify and assess family interaction and communication patterns that lead to sexual health. This article discusses assessment decisions regarding macro-micro analyses and insider-outsider responses, and suggests the tool of family profiles for use in identifying healthy family sexuality.\n      </p>", "This article reviews issues and methods in the evaluation and assessment of families. Methods of categorizing and organizing family assessment information are presented. Methodological issues in the assessment of family relationships are discussed with special attention to unit of analysis and evaluation problems. Important family constructs for family assessment that have been identified through research are reviewed. Various methods, self-reports, observations, and clinician ratings for conducting family assessments are evaluated. Applications for clinical practice are discussed.\n      </p>", "Since 1965 hundreds of articles and books have been published about African American families. Nevertheless, our understanding of these families continues to be limited. There is a tendency to gloss over important within-group differences; thus, monolithic, stereotypic and inaccurance portrayals of Black family life are common. This paper sets aside debates of Black family pathology or viability, focusing instead on these families' essential character. The paper seeks to understand Black families on their own terms, locating them in relevant social, historical, political and cultural contexts. Key empirical patterns and trends reveal dramatic changes in Black family geographic location, headship, quality of life and socioeconomic status since 1950. A complex picture is revealed. There has been gradual but steady overall improvement alongside persistent, extreme racial disparities and pronounced class disparities among Black families. The proposed Black Family Socio-Ecological Context model specifies and connects institutional, interpersonal, environmental, temporal and cultural facts that shape the essential character of Black family life in such a way as to produce characteristics simultaneously shared and idiosyncratic. The model also provides an organized, systematic accounting of research and public policy issues relevant to the study of African American families.\n      </p>", "This article examines trends in family attitudes and values across the last 4 decades of the 20th century, with particular emphasis on the past 2 decades. The article focuses on attitudes toward a wide range of family issues, including the roles of men and women, marriage, divorce, childlessness, premarital sex, extramarital sex, unmarried cohabitation, and unmarried childbearing. More generally, the article considers trends in 3 broad contemporary values: freedom; equality; and commitment to family, marriage, and children. Five data sets are used for the article: Monitoring the Future, General Social Survey, International Social Science Project, Intergenerational Panel Study of Parents and Children, and the National Survey of Families and Households. These 5 data sets reveal substantial and persistent long-term trends toward the endorsement of gender equality in families, which may have plateaued at very high levels in recent years. There have also been important and continuing long-term trends toward individual autonomy and tolerance toward a diversity of personal and family behaviors as reflected in increased acceptance of divorce, premarital sex, unmarried cohabitation, remaining single, and choosing to be childless. At the same time, marriage and family life remain important in the cultural ethos, with large and relatively stable fractions of young people believing that marriage and family life are important and planning marriage and the bearing and rearing of children.\n      </p>", "Interactions with close family members have consequences for the emotional and physical well-being of individuals who are dealing with a chronic physical illness. Therefore, inclusion of a close family member in psychosocial interventions for chronic illnesses is a logical treatment approach that has the potential to boost the effects of intervention on the patient and also benefit the family member. However, randomized, controlled studies indicate that such family-oriented interventions generally have small effects. The efficacy of these treatment approaches might be enhanced by targeting specific interactions that emerging research identifies as promoting or derailing healthy behaviors and by better incorporating strategies from family caregiver interventions. In addition, family-oriented interventions should be more fully evaluated, by assessing the benefits for both patients and family members. Future research in this area can tell us much about how and when to involve family in treatment of specific chronic illnesses and, in turn, may inform conceptual models of the impact of family interactions on health.\n      </p>", "The present study employed the Delphi procedure to examine the current strengths and weaknesses of the U.S. family. Threats to the family and interventions to counteract these threats are also examined. A two-phase Delphi questionnaire was sent to a national panel of knowledgeable family therapists, who were asked to identify and reach a consensus of opinion about items they thought important to a profile of the U.S. family. The final profile is described and discussed.\n      </p>", "The career and family outcomes of college graduate women suggest that the twentieth century contained five distinct cohorts. The first cohort, graduating college from 1900 to 1920, had either \"family or career.\" The second, graduating from 1920 to 1945, had \"job then family.\" The third cohort, the college graduate mothers of the baby boom, graduated from 1946 to the mid-1960s and had \"family then job.\" Among the fourth cohort, graduating college from the late 1960s to 1980 and whose stated goal was \"career then family,\" 13 to 18 percent achieved both by age forty. The objective of the fifth cohort, graduating from around 1980 to 1990, has been \"career and family,\" and 21 to 28 percent have realized that goal by age forty. The author traces the demographic and labor force experiences of these five cohorts of college graduates and discusses why \"career and family\" outcomes changed over time.\n      </p>", "This paper (a) reintroduces E. Franklin Frazier's 1939 book, \"The Negro Family in the United States,\" to family scholars and graduate students and highlights its importance as a groundbreaking and classic text, (b) provides both an introduction to the major thesis of this monograph and a reading of the text, and (c) discusses the challenges of reading classic works and suggests strategies that can be used to guide graduate students in a critical reading of classic works.\n      </p>", "Using the British Household Panel Survey, we investigate if family size and birth order affect children's subsequent educational attainment. Theory suggests a tradeoff between child quantity and \"quality\" and that siblings are unlikely to receive equal shares of parental resources devoted to children's education. We construct a new birth order index that effectively purges family size from birth order and use this to test if siblings are assigned equal shares in the family's educational resources. We find that the shares are decreasing with birth order. Ceteris paribus, children from larger families have less education, and the family size effect does not vanish when we control for birth order. These findings are robust to numerous specification checks.\n      </p>", "Using data from a 31-year panel study, we evaluate both the reliability of measurement of family attitudes, relationships, and self-concepts and the stability of these variables across time. We also compare the reliability of measurement and the stability of variables across time in these domains of family life with the reliability and stability of behavioral dimensions. Our results provide considerable support for the hypothesis that family relationships, attitudes, and self-concepts can be measured reliably. We also demonstrate that self-concepts and family relationships and attitudes have high levels of stability across significant periods of time, and that these are comparable to those for the behavioral indicators we examined.\n      </p>", "Introduction Relatively litle research has been conducted on familial breast cancer in African American women. Methods Data from the Black Women's Health Study, a prospective cohort study of African American women, were used to assess breast cancer risk in relation to family history of cancer. Since 1995, participants have completed biennial postal questionnaires on health status, risk factors, and family history of cancer. Cox proportional hazards analyses were used to calculate incidence rate ratios (IRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for family history of breast and other types of cancer. Results Among 57,364 participants who were cancer-free at baseline, 1,306 incident breast cancer cases occurred during 12 years of follow-up. The IRR for a first-degree family history of breast cancer relative to no family history was 1.78 (95% CI 1.55\u20142.06). IRRs varied by the age at diagnosis, from 1.60 (\u2265age 55) to 2.76 (&lt;age35). Results were consistent across subtypes of breast tumor defined by estrogen and progesterone receptor status. Breast cancer risk was also associated with family history of colon cancer (IRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.12\u20141.63) and possibly with family history of leukemia (IRR 1.42, 95% CI 0.82\u20142.46). Conclusions These findings indicate a strong familial relationship for breast cancer in African American women. The associations with family history of colon cancer and leukemia warrant further investigation.\n      </p>", "Although previous research has noted that children of divorce tend to fare less well than peers raised in families with two biological parents, much less is known about how parents' marital disruption affects children as a continuous process in its different phases. Based on two waves of a large, nationally representative panel, this study demonstrates that even before the disruption, both male and female adolescents from families that subsequently dissolve exhibit more academic, psychological, and behavioral problems than peers whose parents remain married. Families on the verge of breakup are also characterized by less intimate parent-parent and parent-child relationships, less parental commitment to children's education, and fewer economic and human resources. These differences in family environment account for most well-being deficits among adolescents in predisrupted families. Furthermore, the deterioration in different domains of the family environment appears to be associated with maladjustment in different aspects of children's lives. The postdisruption effects on adolescents can either be totally or largely predicted by predisruption factors and by changes in family circumstances during the period coinciding with the disruption. Finally, the analyses indicate that female adolescents are as likely to be affected by the parental divorce process as male adolescents.\n      </p>", "This paper contributes to the literature of suicide studies by presenting procedures and its estimates of the number of family members who lose their loved ones to suicide. Using Japanese aggregate level data, three main findings emerge: first, there are approximately five bereaved family members per suicide; second, in 2006, there were about 90,000 children who had lost a parent to suicide; and third, in 2006, there were about three million living family members who had lost a loved one to suicide. The direct production loss of bereaved family members in 2006 alone is estimated at approximately 197 million USD. These results are valuable in evaluating the cost-effectiveness of suicide prevention programs and in designing appropriate policy instruments.\n      </p>", "We investigate the gap in math and science achievement of third- and fourth-graders who live with a single parent versus those who live with two parents in 11 countries. The United States and New Zealand rank last among the countries we compare in terms of the equality of achievement between children from single-parent families and those from two-parent homes. Following a multilevel analysis, we find single parenthood to be less detrimental when family policies equalize resources between single- and two-parent families. In addition, the single- and two-parent achievement gap is greater in countries where single-parent families are more prevalent. We conclude that national family policies can offset the negative academic outcomes of single parenthood.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to examine family communication within the core and balance model of family leisure functioning. The study was conducted from a youth perspective of family leisure and family functioning. The sample consisted of youth (N = 95) aged 11-17 from 25 different states in the United States. Path analyses indicated that family communication mediated a positive relationship between family leisure variables and family functioning variables. Implications and recommendations are discussed. The addition of communication in the Core and Balance Model is recommended.\n      </p>", "The history of family development and its interdisciplinary nature are reviewed. Variations as well as the universality of the family life cycle and developmental tasks are explored. Examples of the applications of family developmental concepts by a variety of practitioners in the family field are presented.\n      </p>", "Previous research has neither fully examined family structure across the life course nor considered increasing variation in family types. Using data from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health (N = 11,318), I examine the influence of longitudinal measures across childhood of family structure duration and the number and timing of parent transitions (entrances and exits) on indicators of grade point average (GPA), college expectations, and suspension or expulsion in adolescence. I also examine whether parent gender moderates these effects. Results show that mother transitions during early childhood affect all outcomes, whereas time in mother-absent families influences GPA and school discipline. I find evidence for parent gender differences in transition effects; mother transitions, especially early ones, have more severe consequences than father transitions.\n      </p>", "To explore how child and family factors influence judicial decision making in contested custody cases, 18 family court judges participated in a semistructured interview that tapped (a) child and family factors considered relevant in determining child custody and (b) how these factors influence custody decisions. Judges cited a variety of factors as being influential, including the child's age and developmental status, the child's wishes regarding the custody arrangement, the child's stability, parental fitness, the history of the parent-child relationships, which parent has been the primary caregiver, each parent's willingness to foster the child's relationship with the other parent, and extrafamilial support. Results from a content analysis reflect the manner in which these factors influence judicial decision making. Emergent themes were identified based on four overarching factors.\n      </p>", "This paper concentrates upon the relationship between marriage, parental status, and publication productivity for women in academic science, with comparisons to men. Findings indicate that gender, family characteristics, and productivity are complex considerations that go beyond being married or not married, and the presence or absence of children. For women particularly, the relationship between marriage and productivity varies by type of marriage: first compared with subsequent marriage, and occupation of spouse (in scientific compared with non-scientific occupation). Further, type of family composition is important: women with preschool children have higher productivity than women without children or with school-age children. Women with preschool children are found to be a socially selective group in their characteristics, particularly in their allocations of time.\n      </p>", "This article considers the relation of family factors to adolescent substance use, with a focus on the specific pathways by which family factors have their effects. We review findings on four types of variables (family substance use, parental support and monitoring, parent-child conflict, and family life events) and discuss theoretical models of how family risk and protective factors are related to adolescents' outcomes. The evidence favors a transactional model in which family factors have largely mediated effects on adolescent substance use through relations to adolescents' self-control, life events, and peer affiliations; interactions between variables are also prominent. We discuss the implications of mediated effects for theoretical models of human development and consider how the transactional approach opens avenues for preventive intervention.\n      </p>", "An important aspect of graduate education is learning how to evaluate the quality and validity of research. The study of families presents particular challenges, due in part to the multidisciplinary nature of family research. Three methods designed to teach students how to critique family research are examined. All three methods appear to have promise in teaching students how to evaluate family research, and all three methods sensitized students to pertinent issues in the research literature.\n      </p>", "The primary research question examined in this paper is whether ethnic and non-ethnic family firms in the United Kingdom differ in their strategymaking. The paper uses the typology of strategic decision-making produced by Whittington [(1993). What is strategy: and does it matter? New York: Routledge] to derive contrasting predictions of strategy-making by ethnic versus non-ethnic firms. Drawing on a questionnaire study of 76 high-growth family firms, and subsequent in-depth fieldwork with 40 of these, the findings show that the ethnic origin of the controlling family has a significant influence in determining the dominance of a particular strategy paradigm. However, successful high-growth family firms are not associated with any particular school of strategy. The influence of family bonding on strategymaking was greater in ethnic family firms than nonethnic family firms. The advent of the second generation of South Asians in family firms, and closer integration of immigrant and host communities, has not altered these apparent differences. The findings challenge researchers on family firms to adopt a multiple perspective approach to strategy-making.\n      </p>", "Forty-four family day-care providers participated in a study of the relationships between the quality of the day-care program, the level of cognitive stimulation in the caregivers' home, and the social-emotional climate of the caregiver's own family life. Data were collected using Caldwell and Bradley's (1979) Home Observation for Measurement of the Environment (HOME) Scale; Moos's (1986) Family Environment Scale (FES); and Harms, Clifford, and Padan-Belkin's (1983) Day Care Home Environment Rating Scale (DCHERS). HOME and DCHERS scores were highly correlated and yielded a total \"quality\" score in subsequent factor analyses. HOME, DCHERS, and the Quality scores all correlated highly with FES subscales on Organization, Independence, Active-Recreational, and Intellectual-Cultural orientations. The implications of these findings for day-care providers, trainers, and consultants to caregivers and parents are discussed.\n      </p>", "This article examines how religion shapes family ideologies in young adulthood. Using the 31-year Intergenerational Panel Study of Parents and Children (N = 909), we find relationships between mother's religious characteristics when her child was born and the child's own family ideologies in young adulthood. Further, multiple dimensions of young adults' religious identities are independently related to their family ideologies, suggesting unique influences of both religious service attendance and the importance of religion. Our results vary across time and family ideologies in interesting patterns, but relationships between religion and attitudes are remarkably consistent. From early in life, mothers' and children's religious characteristics shape family ideologies in ways likely to help explain relationships found between religion and family behaviors.\n      </p>", "Family stress, resources, parental coping, and family types were measured in 58 two-parent families who had a child with myelomeningocele. The sample was divided into three groups based on whether the child had a mild, moderate, or severe level of impairment; and the relationships between the family characteristics and the child's health status and number of active health problems were determined. Results show an increasing level of family system involvement contributing to the child health outcomes with increasing severity of impairment. Implications for assessment and intervention by family practitioners are discussed.\n      </p>", "We discuss the role values and value attainment play in the complex and dynamic process of balancing work and family demands. We contend that an individual experiences conflict between work and family demands because of value incongruence between that individual and a pivotal family member (i.e., lack of value similarity) or because of the incongruent values between that individual and the organization (i.e., lack of value congruence). We further argue that work-family conflict leads to job and life dissatisfaction for individuals because this conflict frustrates the attainment of important work and family values. We develop and propose a conceptual model, capturing both work and family values as they relate to work-family conflict, value attainment, and outcomes.\n      </p>", "This article delineates three conceptual models describing the relationship between family and work based on a literature review and identifies a shift from a separate sphere model to an interactive model of interdependence between family and work systems. Teaching family life education from a feminist perspective involves acquainting the general public, policymakers, and family practitioners with the theoretical models underlying research and policy related to family issues in order to develop and evaluate solutions for problems arising from balancing family and work roles.\n      </p>", "The process of administering the genogram/family chronology exercise in undergraduate family science classes is described, and results of a formal evaluation are presented. Limitations and possible problems are discussed. Student response is reported as overwhelmingly positive. Reactions are summarized, and benefits to students, instructors, and the educational process are noted. The genogram and family chronology are recommended as effective educational tools.\n      </p>", "Using a life course perspective, we report the findings from a needs assessment for midlife and older adults regarding family life education. A sample of 264 adults aged 50 and older indicated interest in 29 family life education topics. The highest rated topics were nutrition and health, fitness and exercise, and positive aspects of aging. Overall, results from age and gender comparisons suggested that midlife adults (50-64) were more interested in family life education topics than were older adults (65+) and that women were more interested than men.\n      </p>", "Although representative payeeship is prevalent among people with mental illness and shows promise to positively influence clinically relevant outcomes, research also suggests this legal mechanism could be implemented in ways that are problematic. The current study examined whether family representative payeeship was associated with elevated risk of family violence perpetrated by persons with severe mental illness (SMI). Data were collected every 4 months for 1 year in structured interviews with N = 245 persons with SMI who received disability benefits. Multivariate analyses showed that substance abuse, history of violence, frequency of family contact, and family representative payeeship were associated with elevated odds of family violence. Analyses also showed family contact and family representative payeeship had a cumulative effect on increasing the predicted probability of family violence (controlling for covariates such as violence history and substance abuse). The data shed light on the potential for family representative payeeship to be associated with increased risk of interpersonal conflict and violence in SMI.\n      </p>", "Articles published in prominent family science journals over a 14-year period were analyzed for their attention to U.S. ethnic groups. Articles were analyzed in terms of their ethnic population of interest, topic of study, type of implication for applied professionals, funding source, and sample characteristics. A number of findings indicate an increasing sensitivity and dedication to research focusing on these groups; however, fewer than 16% of the articles were found to focus on U.S. ethnic populations, and only one fourth of these offered specific recommendations to practicing family science professionals. This analysis of the family science literature provides a baseline against which future efforts in basic and applied research can be measured.\n      </p>", "The effects of family structure (i.e. intact, single parent and stepfamily) and family integration (i.e. closeness to parents) on high school and college students' attitudes toward marriage, marriage roles, and divorce were examined. The sample consisted of 867 subjects from intact, 91 from stepfather, 35 from stepmother, 170 from mother-only and 28 from father-only families. Data were collected by a questionnaire which incorporated Hill's Attitude Toward Marriage Scale, the Hardy Divorce Scale, six marriage role expectations items, two Orientation to Parent Scales and several demographic items. Family structure affected divorce attitudes with children from mother/stepfather and mother-only families having more positive attitudes than children from intact families. Family integration affected marriage attitudes only; subjects from all family types who indicated high family integration (i.e. closeness to both step/mother and step/father) had more positive attitudes towards marriage than those reporting moderate or low family integration. Neither family structure, family integration or sex had an influence on marriage role expectations. Analyses of data from stepchildren only found no differences between stepchildren from stepmother or stepfather households, regardless of the cause of the dissolution of parent's previous marriage. Length of time of residence in the stepfamily household also had no effect on attitudes. The findings provide minimal support for a role model or social learning perspective. The development of attitudes toward marriage may be a more complex process than is often hypothesized; childhood experiences within the family may be only part of the influence of such attitudes.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this paper is to examine the evidence on the need for family planning. The available evidence on current levels of unmet need for contraceptives, fertility preferences, and the non-contraceptive benefits of family planning is reviewed. I argue that expansion of family planning programs is still needed. These programs provide couples with tools to reach their desired family size; can significantly impact maternal and child mortality by decreasing fertility and optimizing child spacing; and by decreasing fertility, slow population growth. It is therefore imperative to continue to expand the provision of family planning services.\n      </p>", "Policies promoting home- and community-based services and disease management models implicitly rely on family care, still the bedrock of long-term and chronic care in the United States. The United Hospital Fund studied family caregivers of stroke and brain injury patients when home care cases were opened and closed and found that even with short-term formal services, family caregivers provided three-quarters of the care. Patients' mobility impairments and Medicaid eligibility were the main factors in determining the amount and duration of formal services. Between one-third and one-half of family caregivers reported being inadequately prepared for the case closing. At all stages, family caregivers expressed significant isolation, anxiety, and depression. Therefore, home care agency practice and public policies should provide better education, support, and services for family caregivers.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a study of the influence of children's marriage form and other characteristics on whether married couples in three villages in rural China establish a family separate from the joint family of their natal kin. The results reveal that, for children with a brother, sons in virilocal marriages are more likely than daughters in uxorilocal marriages to establish a family separate from that of their parents and do so earlier than these daughters. However, among children without a brother, sons and daughters do not differ significantly in whether or when they divide off from their extended family and set up a new family. The majority of family division occurs in the first 5 years after marriage for sons and daughters. Number of siblings and other characteristics also affect the likelihood of family division. We discuss demographic, socioeconomic, and cultural causes underlying this phenomenon as well as its social implications.\n      </p>", "Linkages between family life education and marriage and family research are discussed. Historical and current problems concerning the interface of research and education are reviewed and solutions are suggested. Ways in which family life educators and researchers can join together to clarify misconceptions and correct folklore are presented. Finally, strategies for maximizing the reciprocal benefits of family research and education are offered.\n      </p>", "This article uses an ecological systems model and a family perspective framework to provide a rationale for policies that guide the development of integrated service delivery systems for families and individuals experiencing multiple interrelated problems. It reviews the history, goals, characteristics, and effectiveness of such programs and suggests a role for family professionals in policy development, program implementation, and professional training.\n      </p>", "This article presents a program to help students, independent of level, understand the complexity of the concept of family. The first section deals with \"my family\": What individuals mean when they talk about or think about their own family. The second section deals with any family: What individuals mean when they use the term family more generally, not specifying their own. The third section deals with the theoretical way of conceptualizing the family. Different ways of teaching about the idea or concept of family are suggested and learning by doing is emphasized.\n      </p>", "Twenty recent family and marriage and family textbooks are evaluated in terms of their adequacy for preparing students to make decisions about their family relations and to participate in public debates about family issues. No book is rated excellent, two are judged unacceptable, and most are considered poor or mediocre in balanced treatment of controversial issues, coverage of crucial topics, and/or scholarship and interpretation of evidence. Reasons for the less than desirable quality of the books are discussed and strategies for improvement are suggested.\n      </p>", "To examine the implications of fathers' occupational conditions (i.e., income, work hours, shift work, pressure, workplace racism, and underemployment) for family members' psychological adjustment, home interviews were conducted with fathers, mothers, and two adolescent offspring in each of 218 Mexican American families. Results underscored the importance of acculturation as a moderator. Fathers' income was negatively associated with depressive symptoms in highly acculturated families but not in less acculturated families. In contrast, fathers reports of workplace racism were positively associated with depressive symptoms in less acculturated families but not in more acculturated family contexts. These findings were consistent across all 4 family members, suggesting that the \"long arm\" of the jobs held by Mexican American fathers extends to mothers and adolescent offspring.\n      </p>", "We used data from the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth to examine the effect of various family structures on behavioral and cognitive outcomes for children aged 7 to 10. We extended previous research by using a longitudinal definition of family structure and by exploring multiple mechanisms through which family structure may affect children in 2 outcome domains. We found that family income, mother's psychological functioning, and the quality of the home environment are particularly important for children's behavior, whereas family income and mother's aptitude have notable effects on children's cognitive test scores.\n      </p>", "Prior to 1987, neither the federal government nor any of the 50 states had a family leave policy in place. In the winter of 1988 a survey was completed on the 28 states and the federal government that introduced parental and family leave bills during the 1987 legislative session. Four states passed bills; Congress did not. Results indicate much variation in issues raised and proposals reached, particularly with respect to length of leave, size of employer, age and relation of care recipient, wage replacement, job security, and benefit coverage. Based on the findings, specific recommendations are presented for both policymakers and family life educators who wish to become more informed and politically active in this area.\n      </p>", "\"Family time\" is often uncritically accepted as a uniform, coherent concept and a universally desirable goal. In order to fully understand the meaning of family time in experience, interviews were conducted with parents in 17 dual-earner and 11 single-parent families, and 8 observation episodes were done with 4- and 5-year-old children in childcare. What emerged was a dramatic discordance between the expectations and experiences of family time. Although families have held on to an expectation of a positive experience of togetherness, they are typically left with a feeling that there is never enough, that it is in the service of children, and that they are duty-bound by it. There is a structural contradiction between the ideals and experience of family time that is typically expressed through disillusionment and guilt.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this intervention study was to examine the effects of weekly interactive science homework on family involvement in homework, student achievement, and homework attitudes. Sixth- and 8th-grade students (N = 253) participated in the 18-week study. Six classes of students completed TIPS (Teachers Involve Parents in Schoolwork) assignments with directions for family and parent involvement. Four classes completed noninteractive homework (no family involvement directions). Interactive students reported significantly higher levels of family involvement than did noninteractive students. Students in both groups who more regularly involved family members completed more assignments; TIPS students turned in more accurated assignments than did non-TIPS students. TIPS students also earned significantly higher science report card grades. The findings of this study support the hypothesis that TIPS interactive homework affects family involvement in homework, science attitudes, and student achievement in the middle grades.\n      </p>", "Family paper sculpture, adapted from family therapy, is presented as a way to illustrate and actively draw students into exploration of family systems theory concepts such as membership, subsystems, flow of information and activity, hierarchy, personal influences, and adaptation. Examples are given from data collected from over 500 university students.\n      </p>", "This study investigates how the option for new-concept part-time (NPT) employment influences the ability of mothers of preschool children working in professional occupations to successfully integrate work and family responsibilities. Female NPT professionals (n = 279) and female full-time (FT) professionals (n = 250) were compared. The NPT group reported 20 fewer weekly work hours and about $18,000 less estimated annual household income than the FT group. They allocated this additional time primarily to caring for and nurturing their dependent children. They also reported less job-related travel, unnecessary work, and work-to-family conflict, as well as greater work-family success, childcare satisfaction, and family success. However, NPT mothers reported a more traditional division of labor in household responsibilities and less career opportunity and work success. Implications are presented and discussed.\n      </p>", "Data regarding consensus and mental health were collected from 252 women, their husbands, and an adolescent child who were members of three-generation households. Analyses indicate that consensus is best represented by six separate constructs and mental health by three separate constructs. Mental health of individual family members was differentially predicted by indicators of consensus.\n      </p>", "Women's entrance into the labor market in large numbers has exacerbated incompatibilities between employer and family interests. Research reveals that conflict between paid work and family responsibilities has been linked to decreased employee productivity as well as decreased family functioning. In this review, we explore the nature of job/family incompatibility, organizational interests in family responsive policies, and the current prevalence of various policies within work organizations. We then review what is known about the effectiveness of particular family-responsive policies on organizational and family functioning. Finally, we consider barriers to further institutionalization of family responsive policy and suggest future research and policy directions.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to examine family processes and enmeshment in relation to long-term maintenance of weight loss. Forty-five couples with one obese member completed the Barbarin Family Process Scale at the beginning of the maintenance phase of their treatment for obesity. At the one-year follow-up, weight and family support were again measured. No differences in family processes were observed between successful and unsuccessful maintainers from disengaged families. However, successful maintainers from enmeshed families reported higher levels of family support and satisfaction with family life than unsuccessful maintainers. These data suggest that enmeshment may discriminate families whose inclusion would contribute to the success of treatment for obesity from families which would not.\n      </p>", "In response to the recent economic crisis in Korea and its negative effects on families, the current study examined the interrelationships among economic pressure, emotional distress, marital conflict, and marital satisfaction for 236 Korean couples. The family stress model (Conger &amp; Elder, 1994; Conger, Rueter, &amp; Conger, 2000; Conger, Rueter, &amp; Elder, 1999) was tested using structural equation modeling. The results generally supported the theoretical model, showing that economic pressure negatively affects marital satisfaction via emotional distress and marital conflict. The results also implied cultural differences in the process of family stress. Korean husbands' emotional distress did not affect marital conflict or marital satisfaction, suggesting that Korean husbands may differ from their wives in their reaction to emotional distress from economic pressure.\n      </p>", "We investigated the evidence of a familial contribution to urinary methylation patterns in families ingesting arsenic in drinking water. Arsenic methylation can be assessed by measuring urinary levels of inorganic arsenic (InAs) and its methylated metabolites, monomethylarsonate (MMA), and dimethylarsinate (DMA). Methylation activity is reflected in the ratios: InAs/methylated arsenic (InAs/metAs) and MMA/DMA. Eleven families from Chile were selected because of their long-term exposure to very high levels of arsenic in drinking water (735-762 \u03bcg/L). Each family consisted of a father, a mother, and two children. We measured urinary arsenic and its methylated metabolites for each participant (n = 44). The intraclass correlation coefficients showed that 13-52% of the variations in the methylation patterns were from being a member of a specific family. Family correlations were calculated for father-mother, parent-child, and sibling-sibling pairs. Methylation patterns correlated strongly between siblings [r = 0.78 for InAs/metAs, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.34-0.94; r = 0.82 for MMA/DMA, 95%CI, 0.43-0.95] compared to lower correlations in father-mother pairs (r = 0.18, r = -0.01, respectively), after adjustment for total urinary arsenic, age, and sex. Family correlations were not notably altered when adjustments were made for specific blood micronutrients (methionine, homocysteine, folate, vitamin B6, selenium, and vitamin B12) potentially related to methylation. We also report on a family pedigree with high prevalence of arsenic-induced effects. Participants from this family had low InAs/metAs values, which is consistent with increased toxicity of trivalent methylated arsenic species. Despite our small sample size, we observed that methylation patterns aggregate in families and are correlated in siblings, providing evidence of a genetic basis for the variation in arsenic methylation. Larger studies with more extensive pedigrees will need to be conducted to confirm these findings.\n      </p>", "This study investigated the likelihood of family reunification across ethnic groups of 14,419 youth using runaway shelter services nationwide. Among White, African American, Hispanic, Native American, and Asian ethnic groups, youths who reported abuse or neglect by their parental figures or had parent(s) who were unemployed were less likely to reunify following a runaway episode. However, completing youth shelter services markedly increased the likelihood of reunification. Implications for cultural sensitivity in service delivery, particularly regarding family issues, are discussed.\n      </p>", "This study conducted a preliminary test of a model of family leisure functioning by examining the relationship of core and balance family leisure patterns to family cohesion and adaptability. We hypothesized that core family leisure patterns address family needs for stability, facilitate the development of cohesive relationships, and are related to perceptions of family cohesion, whereas balance family leisure patterns address family needs for change, facilitate the development of adaptive skills, and are related to perceptions of family adaptability. Findings from 2 multiple regression analyses provided preliminary support for the model. Conclusions and implications are discussed.\n      </p>", "While reducing out-of-wedlock childbearing is a central goal of welfare reform, most policymakers prefer achieving this objective via a reduction in nonmarital pregnancy rates rather than through an increase in the incidence of abortion. Using aggregate state-level data from 1984 to 1998, I estimate fixed effects models that allow for autocorrelated and heteroskedastic disturbances to examine the association between the family cap and nonmarital birth, pregnancy, and abortion rates. I find robust evidence that the family cap is associated with a reduction in nonmarital birth rates, particularly among black women. This reduction is driven by a reduction in nonmarital pregnancy rates rather than through an increase in abortion or marriage rates. These findings suggest that that the stigmatizing effect of the family cap may influence the nonmarital pregnancy decisions of black women.\n      </p>", "Increased attention has been given to parent education programs over the past decade. One such program is Self-Esteem: A Family Affair, written and published by Jean Illsley Clarke. This outcome study evaluates the effectiveness of the 8 week Self-Esteem: A Family Affair program with families that had adolescent children aged 11-19. Families were randomly assigned to the treatment or control group. Each family was measured for self-esteem, family adaptability, family cohesion, and family conflict. Treatment families scored significantly differently from controls on measures of adaptability, cohesion, and conflict. The program is presented along with implications for further research.\n      </p>", "We assessed feminist visibility in family journals by tallying the feminist content of articles in Journal of Marriage and Family, Journal of Family Issues, and Family Relations. There was an increase in feminist visibility from 1972 to 1992, at which point the growth of visibility stalled. From 1992 to 2002, almost 1 out of 4 articles appeared to be influenced, at least minimally, by feminist scholarship when including in our tally a measure of articles' mentioning of gender in its abstract or title without a detectable feminist perspective in the article. Only about 6% of articles, however, involved an explicit feminist analysis. We offer explanations for this apparent glass ceiling for feminist visibility and make suggestions for future research.\n      </p>", "Families live in a changing world and as a result of their interactions with that world, families themselves are changing. These changes create strains and tensions for families at the same time that they provide opportunities for individual and social growth and improvement. In order to more effectively assist families in coping with both the tensions and the opportunities, family life education needs to give serious attention to such issues as family diversity, family values, and human rights.\n      </p>", "A six-part methodology has been developed for teaching basic concepts of family systems to non-family therapists. An example applying the methodology to teach primary care physicians is described in detail. The first three phases consist of simulated encounters in which a physically symptomatic adolescent is interviewed alone, then with his mother, then with his whole family. With each interview, the symptoms take on different meaning as the audience experiences the impact of a systems-based perspective. Detailed role descriptions and instructions are given for each role-played interview. Three additional, optional phases expand on the basic concepts and may be used as audience interests and time allow.\n      </p>", "Dealing with data from multiple family members often presents problems for researchers. Many of the techniques available for dealing with such data are problematic, for a number of reasons. All of them confound these problems with the fact that they are applied evenly across families; there is no means for combining data from multiple family members that does so in a way that is unique to each family studied. The present article uses Q factor analysis to propose one way to do so. The technique is explained and illustrated using a four-person family (mother, father, and two adolescent children).\n      </p>", "Challenges and opportunities for family therapists looking towards their work with families in the future are addressed and explored with an eye to enhancement of functioning as a vital mode of future intervention.\n      </p>", "In this article, we test a model of roll call voting by House members on the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) of 1990. We find that support for the FMLA is a function of a range of dispositional and contextual demand variables: conservatism, presidential support, mass partisanship, the proportion of women in the state legislature, state adoption of family leave policies, state ratification of the ERA, and state union membership. The model predicts approximately 90% of votes accurately.\n      </p>", "The objective of this study was to assess the importance of family services as indicated by a statewide survey of Idaho residents on attitudes towards government social services. A residual view of welfare which holds recipients responsible for their needs, especially when linked to poverty, appears to predominate. There was strong support for some family/child-oriented programs but much less support for others aimed at maintaining the family unit or providing aid in lieu of family support.\n      </p>", "Adolescents' perceptions of overall family system characteristics, parental behaviors, and demographic factors were examined in relation to adolescent family life satisfaction, using self-report questionnaire data from 408 adolescents. Results of the hierarchical multiple regression analysis indicated that family bonding, family flexibility, parental support, and age of the adolescent were positively related to adolescent family life satisfaction, while parental punitiveness was negatively related to adolescent family life satisfaction. The subjects in single-parent families reported lower family life satisfaction.\n      </p>", "This study explored the assessment of family processes for a sample of African American kindergarten children, parents, and teachers involved in the EARLY ALLIANCE prevention trial. Using modified versions of the Family Assessment Measure, the Family Adaptability and Cohesion Evaluation Scales, the Family Beliefs Inventory, and the Deviant Beliefs measure, internal consistency analyses along with exploratory and confirmatory factor analyses provided empirical support for a Cohesion factor (cohesion and communication), a Structure factor (support and organization), a Beliefs factor (on family purpose and child development), and a Deviant Beliefs factor. Regression analyses examined the relationship of these measures of family processes to child social and academic competence, problem behavior, and early reading achievement. Family Structure (support and organization) was consistently related to parent- and teacher-reported competence and behavioral outcomes, providing support for this construct as an important aspect of family process. Family Cohesion and communication, along with Beliefs, were also related to youth competence and behavior. None of the family process variables added a unique contribution to the influence upon achievement for these kindergarten children beyond the role of parental education and income. This work begins to examine specific dimensions of family processes and their relationships to important adaptive and less adaptive child outcomes. Other dimensions may be identified and examined in future research with families of color.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the linkages between socioeconomic characteristics, attitudes, and familial contraceptive use. Past family planning programs in Nigeria have been mainly directed toward women. However, because northern Nigeria (and to a slightly lesser extent all of Nigeria) remains a patrilineal society characterised by early age at marriage for women, men at present continue to determine familial fertility and contraceptive decisions. Consequently, at least for the time period relevant for current policy planning purposes, the willingness of husbands to adopt or allow their spouses to use family planning practices will determine the pace of fertility reduction in Nigeria. The results suggest that there is high knowledge of contraceptives, a generally negative attitude towards limiting family size for economic reasons, and consequently low rates of contraceptive use. Respondents who were willing to use contraceptives were more willing to use them for child spacing purposes than explicitly for limiting family size. Path-analytic decompositions of the effects of predictor variables show that education has the largest direct and total effects on contraceptive use while specific knowledge of contraceptives has the smallest direct and total effect (as well as a paradoxical negative direct effect when education is included in the model). Most importantly, attitudes have the largest direct effect on contraceptive use with a standardized coefficient value of 781. Thus, since knowledge of contraceptive is already high among even those respondents who do not use contraceptives, the attitudes of males are especially important for decisions about contraceptive use. As a result, family planning programs that continue to focus solely on women will continue to achieve only limited successes in northern Nigeria (and likely in the many patrilineal societies where similar programs are pursued). /// . L'article \u00e9tudie les liens entre les caract\u00e9istiques socio-\u00e9conomiques, les attitudes et l'usage familial du contraceptif. Les programmes de la planification familiale dans le pass\u00e9 ont \u00e9t\u00e9 dirig\u00e9s vers les femmes. N\u00e9anmoins, \u00e0 cause du fait que le Nigeria du nord (et jusqu'\u00e0 un certain point tout le Nigeria) demeure une soci\u00e9t\u00e9 patrilineaire caract\u00e9ris\u00e9e par un mariage pr\u00e9coce pour les femmes, les hommes \u00e0 pr\u00e9seut continuent \u00e0 d\u00e9terminer la f\u00e9condit\u00e9 familiale et les d\u00e9cisions sur la contraception. En cons\u00e9quence, au moins pour la p\u00e9riode pertinente pour les causes de la politique actuelle sur la planification, la volont\u00e9 des maris d'adopter ou de permettre \u00e0 leurs femmes d'employer les pratiques de la planification familiale d\u00e9terminera le rythme de la r\u00e9duction de la f\u00e9condit\u00e9 au Nigeria. Les r\u00e9sultats montrent qu'il y a une haute connaissance des contraceptifs, une attitude g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement negative envers la limitation de la taille de la famille pour des raisons \u00e9conomiques et en cons\u00e9quence il y a de bas taux d'emploi des contraceptifs. Les enqu\u00eat\u00e9s qui voulaient employer des contraceptifs \u00e9taient plus dispos\u00e9s \u00e0 les employer pour l'espacement des enfants plut\u00f4t que d'un moyen explicit de limiter la taille de la famille. L'analyse des effets des variables des indices ont montr\u00e9 que l'instruction a les plus grands effets directs compr\u00e9hensifs sur l'usage du contraceptif alors qu'une connaissance sp\u00e9cifique des contraceptifs a le moindre effet direct et compr\u00e9hensif (aussi bien quin effet direct n\u00e9gatif paradoxal quand on inclut l'instructon dans le mod\u00e8le). Le plus important est que les attitudes ont le plus grand effet direct sur l'usager des contraceptifs avec une valeur de coefficient de 781. Ainsi, puisque la connaissance des contraceptif est d\u00e9j\u00e0 \u00e9lev\u00e9e m\u00eame chez ces enqu\u00eates l\u00e0 qui n'emploient pas les contraceptifs, les attitudes des hommes sont surtout importantes pour la prise des d\u00e9cisions \u00e0 l'\u00e9gard de l'usage des contraceptifs. En cons\u00e9quence, les programmes de la planification familiale qui continuent \u00e0 se concentrer uniquement sur les femmes ne cesseront d'accomplir des succ\u00e8s limit\u00e9 au nord du Nigeria (et probablement dans beaucoup de soci\u00e9t\u00e9s patrilin\u00e9aires o\u00f9 les programmes similaires sont en cours.)\n      </p>", "Two groups of families were compared. In one group each family contained an adolescent girl who scored high on a number of psychological and social measures which reflect general maturity, including Loevinger's measure of ego development, a sociometric questionnaire and selected scales from California Psychological Inventory. The comparison group contained families with an adolescent girl who scored low on these same measures. Families were selected through local high schools, and were middle class, white, intact families with two or three children. Adolescents in the high scoring group came from families more likely to describe themselves as flexible and trusting in their interpersonal lifestyle. The high scoring adolescents were less likely to be triangled into the marital relationship--either as a scapegoat or in a cross-generational coalition with one parent.\n      </p>", "At least nine different bacterial proteins belong to the LysR family. The gene sequence for one of these proteins is presented here. Six others (Escherichia coli LysR, IlvY, CysB; Salmonella typhimurium MetR; Rhizobium NodD; and Enterobacter cloacae AmpR) are known to activate other genes. Based on sequence alignments, each member of this family is predicted to have a helix-turn-helix DNA binding motif near its amino terminus. The combined evidence indicates that all nine proteins are related by common ancestry, are similarly folded, and are not detectably related to other known bacterial regulatory proteins. The DNA database searching procedure and other methods used in this study should be useful in detecting other groups of related proteins.\n      </p>", "This article reviews several conceptual, operational, and analytical issues related to survey approaches to the assessment of family functioning. First, a multidimensional conceptualization of family functioning that is embedded within a family systems framework is presented. Second, operational issues pertaining to the assessment of family functioning when conceived of as a complex and multidimensional construct are discussed. Lastly, measurement strategies and analytical approaches that enable researchers to make the level of functioning found within the family system the unit of analysis are explored.\n      </p>", "This study examined the full range of family care responsibilities, including care for children and for ill and disabled adults, among employees of a government-funded research center. Utilizing a family care model drawn from stress and coping and role theory perspectives, caregiving strain and occupational impacts were modeled in terms of type of care provided, work and family demands, resources available at home and at work, and background characteristics. Significant contributors to both caregiving strain and occupational impacts included type of care provided, as well as employee age and ethnicity, care recipient disability, problems with care arrangements, work demands, and lack of assistance with family responsibilities. Employees with child care responsibilities were found to experience higher levels of caregiving strain and occupational impacts than were employees caring for adults only. The implications of these findings for practitioners and for the development of programs geared toward employees' differential family responsibilities are discussed.\n      </p>", "I evaluate the influence of household wealth, women's socioeconomic dependence, status inconsistency, and family organization on physical abuse in the prior year and attitudes about wife abuse and divorce among 2,522 married women in Minya, Egypt. Household wealth is negatively associated with physical abuse. Women who are dependent on marriage because they have sons and less schooling than their husbands are more likely to have experienced physical abuse and to report marginally more tolerance for such abuse. Women who are isolated from natal or biological kin and living with marital relatives are more likely to have experienced physical abuse. Findings underscore the role of women's dependence and social isolation in enabling physical abuse among women of all economic classes.\n      </p>", "Purpose We adopted the conservation of resources model (COR, Hobfoll Am Psychol 44:513\u2013524, 1989; Hobfoll in Stress, culture, and community: the psychology and philosophy of stress, Plenum, New York, 1998) to examine the associations among emotional labor, work family interference, and quality of work life. Design/Methodology/Approach Cross-sectional, selfreported data were obtained from 442 Hong Kong Chinese service employees. Findings Correlation and hierarchical regression analyses showed that surface acting was a salient correlate of work-to-family interference, even when organizational display rules and employees' demographic information were controlled. Furthermore, quality of work life had partially mediated the relationship between surface acting and work-to-family interference. However, deep acting and expression of naturally felt emotion did not relate to work-to-family interference. Finally, we found that family-to-work interference was a salient correlate of the use of surface acting in workplace. Implication This study provided useful information of how adopting different emotional labor strategies related to work family interference. Based on results, the use of deep acting should be promoted in workplace because it related positively to quality of work life and it did not amplify the work-to-family interference. Originality/value While past studies often explored the role of emotional labor as the precursor of work family interference, our study is among the first attempt to examine family-to-work interference as the antecedent of emotional labor. Additionally, we had also confirmed the role of quality of work life as an important mediator between emotional labor-work-to-family interference.\n      </p>", "Calls for integration among the domains of theory, research, and practice in family science are of greater relevance today than ever before. Advances in family research methodology and an increasing emphasis on family policy suggest a growing threat of segregation among the domains of family science. This article updates the call for integration and suggests that family science, as an emerging discipline, adopt the notion of the family scientist as a \"multidomain specialist,\" or \"integrationist.\"\n      </p>"], "words": {"all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lack": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stability,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "four": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "welfare": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "issues": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "relationships": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "looking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suicide": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "religion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "to": {"number": 44, "prob": 0.0003643756547375046}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promoting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "those": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "resources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "litle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drinking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiencing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contexts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "team": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "noted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "core": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dealing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discover": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perspective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "bacterial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functioning": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "attitudes": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "new": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ever": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cohorts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "full": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "men": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "water": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attainment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twentieth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "making": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "balance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shift": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "economics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parents,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "suggests": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "survey": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "social": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "domains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "residents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 74, "prob": 0.0006128136011494396}, "scales": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problematic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "demands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "private": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcomes": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "addressed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socioeconomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crisis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "from": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "distinct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "adequacy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "live": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "call": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "themselves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "administering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessment": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "today": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "researchers,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "african": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "validity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marriage,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsibilities,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "debates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 33, "prob": 0.0002732817410531285}, "science": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "equation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "work": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "reviews": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examined": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "nine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "concepts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "household": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sample": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sphere": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influenced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "needs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "six": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "how": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "vital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sculpture,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weaknesses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explored": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "journals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "types": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "a": {"number": 33, "prob": 0.0002732817410531285}, "sectors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complexity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fundamental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cases,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mexican": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "help": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disabled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shapes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "before": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "longitudinal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "personal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kindergarten": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greater": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interdisciplinary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effects": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discuss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "articles": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "always": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proteins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mode": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "each": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identifies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "composition,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "midlife": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "house": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marital": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sexual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forty": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "research": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "math": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "families,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "theory": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "interactions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "members": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "likelihood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "owners": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demands,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "service": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "language": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "could": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "british": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcomes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "twenty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "origin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ownership": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "least": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "illustrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "publication": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practitioners": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divorce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "construct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "clinical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hundred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relationship": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "that": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "attitudes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "positively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professionals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "third": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "isolation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immigrants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "youth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interrelated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marriage": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "were": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "survey,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "behaviors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "delineates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "illness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "randomly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "utility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implemented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "silent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "objective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "performance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strengths": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "towards": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "multiple": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "who": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preliminary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measured": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "achievement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consequences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "science,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "face": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "researchers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "prevalent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "voting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "homework,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influences,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "participate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "decade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "surveyed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "hiv": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leisure": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "among": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "conceptual": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "breast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "familial": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "report": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procedures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "romantic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "adulthood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "course": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "differential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analytical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "actively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "college": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "operated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "close": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "currently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "affecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drawn": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "across": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "we": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "korea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "article": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "career": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ill": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressure,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "workplace": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concentrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attributes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adapted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 71, "prob": 0.0005879698065082461}, "relevant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "point": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overview": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "satisfaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adaptation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modeling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arsenic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "been": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "strategy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "firm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "adopted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "families": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "gap": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "representative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "child": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adults,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "judicial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reliable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sexuality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teachers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "involved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perspective,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "guide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procedure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "employees": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "century": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "almost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "use,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "couples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gender,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 40, "prob": 0.0003312505952159133}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mediating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "productivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "belong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discourse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virtually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "independent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "published": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "uses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "purpose": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "student": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recent": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "older": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adolescents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "academic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "components": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparisons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 89, "prob": 0.0007370325743554071}, "corporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "domestic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "weekly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feminist": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "statewide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "homework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "styles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "around": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "government": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evaluate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "early": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "five": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "birth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "prominent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cognitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identifying": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consensus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stress,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fathers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trends": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "economic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "home": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "substance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "broad": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "legal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linkages": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conceptual,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "journal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "predicting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continuing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "eye": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "panel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "about": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 86, "prob": 0.0007121887797142135}, "disabilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discussed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "act": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pathways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enhancement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alliance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rationale": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communication": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commitment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "negative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assess": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "involvement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primarily": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reducing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intervention": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "theory,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adolescent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflict,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fully": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conservation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "way": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "immigration": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extended": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "delivery": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "us": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emotional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "adults": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interventions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "evidence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "research,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "at": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "graduate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "field": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "draw": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "separate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "visibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "building": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contraceptive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clinically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lead": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calls": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "values": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "u": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presenting": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}