{"total_words": 1316, "documents": ["More than 61 million adults live in the eight U.S. states bordering the Great Lakes. Between June 2001 and June 2002, a population-based, random-digit-dial telephone survey of adults residing in Great Lakes (GL) states was conducted to assess consumption of commercial and sport-caught fish and awareness of state-issued consumption advisories for GL fish. On the basis of the weighted survey data, approximately 84% of the adults living in these states included fish in their diets. Seven percent (an estimated 4.2 million adults) consumed fish caught from the Great Lakes. The percentage of residents who had consumed sport-caught fish (from any water source) varied regionally and was highest among those who lived in Minnesota (44%) and Wisconsin (39%). Consumption of GL sport fish was highest among residents of Michigan (16%) and Ohio (12%). Among residents who had eaten GL fish, awareness of consumption advisories varied by gender and race and was lowest among women (30%) and black residents (15%). However, 70% of those who consumed GL sport-caught fish twice a month or more (an estimated 509,000 adults across all eight states) were aware of the advisories. Findings from this survey indicate that exposure to persistent contaminants found in GL fish is likely limited to a relatively small subpopulation of avid sport-fish consumers. Results also underscore the public health importance of advisories for commercial fish because an estimated 2.9 million adults living in these states consume more than 104 fish meals per year and may be at risk of exceeding the reference doses for methylmercury, polychlorinated biphenyls, and other bioaccumulative contaminants.\n      </p>", "Fresh fish waste was manufactured into fish silage using formic acid to reduce pH to 3.5. The pH remained below 4.0 for up to 30 days. The chemical composition (g/kg) of silage varied with the type of raw material; moisture 726 to 803 (mean 764); oil 3 to 71 (mean 38); ash 35 to 72 (mean 51); protein 144 to 161 (mean 147). During the first 8 days after silage manufacture, concentrations of the low-salt-soluble and insoluble protein fractions decreased while the non-protein nitrogen content increased. Silage viscosity continued to decrease with time up to day 15. The ensiling process caused a sharp initial decrease in the total number of bacteria, in lactic acid bacteria and in coliform species followed by a more gradual decrease up to 48 h. A comparative study of silage manufactured from flat-fish frames (A) and round-fish heads (B) at pH 3.5 or 4.5, showed chemical composition (g/kg) of 726 and 777 moisture; 70 and 3 oil; 55 and 70 ash; 149 and 150 protein for A and B, respectively. Silage viscosity showed greater decreases at pH 3.5 than at pH 4.5. Silage manufactured from round-fish heads showed greater viscosity decreases at both pH levels.\n      </p>", "The electrophoretic mobilities of isozymes from 16 enzyme systems were determined for nine fish cell lines. The relative migration of the malate dehydrogenase and 6-phosphoglucose dehydrogenase isozymes could be used together to distinguish between seven of the fish cell lines. Two cyprinid cell lines could not be distinguished from each other but were readily separated from the six noncyprinid lines and the one other line of cyprinid origin.\n      </p>", "Surveys of 262 pools in 3 small streams in eastern Tennessee demonstrated a strong positive relationship between pool depth and the size of the largest fish within a pool (P &lt; 0.001). Similarly, the largest colonizers of newly-created deep pools were larger than the colonizers of shallow pools. We explored the role of predation risk in contributing to the \"bigger fish -- deeper habitat\" pattern, which has been noted by others, by conducting five manipulative field experiments in two streams. Three experiments used stoneroller minnows (Campostoma anomalum); one used creek chubs (Semotilus atromaculatus); and one used striped shiners (Notropis chrysocephalus). The stoneroller experiments showed that survival of fish approximately 100 mm in total length (TL) was much lower in shallow pools (10 cm deep) than in deep (40 cm maximum) pools (19% versus 80% survival over 12 d in one experiment) and added cover markedly increased stoneroller survival in shallow pools (from 49% to 96% in an 11-d experiment). The creek chub experiment showed that, as for stonerollers, pool depth markedly influenced survival: the chubs survived an average of 4.9 d in shallow pools and &gt; 10.8 d in deep pools. In the striped shiner experiment in shallow artificial streamside troughs, no individuals 75-100 mm TL survived as long as 13 d, whereas smaller (20-25 mm) fish had 100% survival over 13 d. The results of the experiments show that predation risk from wading/diving animals (e.g., herons and raccoons) is much higher for larger fishes in shallow water than for these fishes in deeper water or for smaller fish in shallow water. We discuss the role of predation risk from two sources (piscivorous fish, which are more effective in deeper habitats, and diving/wading predators, which are more effective in shallow habitats) in contributing to the bigger fish -- deeper habitat pattern in streams.\n      </p>", "Most attention to the risks from fish consumption has focused on recreational anglers and on fish caught by individuals, but the majority of fish that people eat are purchased from commercial sources. We examined mercury levels in three types of fish (tuna, flounder, bluefish) commonly available in New Jersey stores, sampling different regions of the state, in communities with high and low per capita incomes, and in both supermarkets and specialty fish markets. We were interested in species-specific levels of mercury in New Jersey fish and whether these levels were similar to data generated nationally by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA; mainly from 1990 to 1992) on the same types of fish. Such information is critical for providing public health advice. We were also interested in whether mercury levels in three common species of fish differed by region of the state, economic neighborhood, or type of store. We found significant species differences, with tuna having the highest levels and flounder the lowest levels. There were no significant differences in mercury levels as a function of type of store or economic neighborhood. There was only one regional difference: flounder from fish markets along the Jersey shore had higher mercury levels than flounder bought in other markets. We also examined mercury levels in six other commonly available fish and two shellfish from central New Jersey markets. There were significant differences in availability and in mercury levels among fish and shellfish. Both shrimp and scallops had total mercury levels &lt; 0.02 ppm (wet weight). Large shrimp had significantly lower levels of mercury than small shrimp. For tuna, sea bass, croaker, whiting, scallops, and shrimp, the levels of mercury were higher in New Jersey samples than those reported by the FDA. Consumers selecting fish for ease of availability (present in &gt; 50% of markets) would select flounder, snapper, bluefish, and tuna (tuna had the highest mercury value), and those selecting only for price would select whiting, porgy, croaker, and bluefish (all with average mercury levels &lt; 0.3 ppm wet weight). Flounder was the fish with the best relationship among availability, cost, and low mercury levels. We suggest that state agencies responsible for protecting the health of their citizens should obtain information on fish availability in markets and fish preferences of diverse groups of citizens and use this information to select fish for analysis of contaminant levels, providing data on the most commonly eaten fish that will help people make informed decisions about risks from fish consumption.\n      </p>", "Nationwide, 45 states issue health advisories for sport fish consumers. Chemical contaminants in some Great Lakes (GL) sport fish include compounds suspected of causing adverse reproductive and developmental effects. Although advisories to reduce consumption of contaminated fish, especially by women, have been issued by GL states (i.e., Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin) since the mid-1970s, little is known about advisory awareness and GL sport fish consumption in the general population. To estimate the prevalence of GL sport fish consumption and health advisory awareness, we conducted a population-based telephone survey of 8,306 adult residents of the eight GL states. We gathered information concerning respondents' demographic characteristics, fish consumption during the preceding year, and sport fish consumption advisory awareness. The survey response rate was 69%. GL sport fish were eaten during the preceding year by 8.4% [95% confidence interval (CI), 7.6-9.2] of adults in the GL states, approximately 4.7 million persons. Women accounted for 43.9% (CI, 39.4-48.4) of consumers. Although 49.9% of GL sport fish consumers were aware of a health advisory, awareness varied significantly by sex: 58.2% (CI, 51.7-64.7) of males and 39.1% (CI, 32.6-45.6) of females were aware. Using logistic regression, we found awareness associated with male sex [odds ratio (OR) = 2.3; CI, 1.5-3.5), white race (OR = 4.2; CI, 1.9-9.1), college degree (OR = 3.1; CI, 1.3-7.6), and consuming \u226524 GL sport fish meals/year (OR = 2.4; CI, 1.4-4.3). Only half of GL sport fish consumers reported awareness of a health advisory concerning eating GL sport fish. Awareness was especially low among women, suggesting the need of targeted risk communication programs for female consumers.\n      </p>", "Excess nitrogen is a forceful agent of ecological change in coastal waters, and wastewater is a prominent source of nitrogen. In catchments where multiple sources of nitrogen pollution co-exist, biological indicators are needed to gauge the degree to which wastewater-N can propagate through the receiving food webs. The purpose of this study was to test whether estuarine fish are suitable as indicators of sewage-N pollution. Fish were analysed from three estuaries within a 100-km strip on the Australian East Coast. The estuaries differ substantially in wastewater loading: (1) the Maroochy Estuary receives a large fraction of the local shire's treated sewage, (2) the Mooloolah Estuary has no licensed treated wastewater outfalls but marinas/harbours and stormwater may contribute nitrogen, and (3) the Noosa Estuary which neither receives licensed discharges nor has suspected wastewater loads. Sampling for fish included both high rainfall ('wet' season) and low rainfall ('dry' season) periods. Muscle- $\\delta {}^{15}\\text{N}$ was the variable predicted to respond to treated wastewater loading, reflecting the relative enrichment in ${}^{15}\\text{N}$ resulting from the treatment process and distinguishing it from alternative N sources such as fertiliser and natural nitrogen inputs (both ${}^{15}\\text{N}$ -depleted). Of the 19 fish species occurring in all three estuaries, those from the Maroochy Estuary had significantly elevated $\\delta {}^{15}\\text{N}$ values (up to 9.9\u2030), and inter-estuarine differences in fish- $\\delta {}^{15}\\text{N}$ were consistent across seasons. Furthermore, not only did all fish from the estuary receiving treated wastewater carry a very distinctive sewage-N tissue signal, but enriched muscle- $\\delta {}^{15}\\text{N}$ was also evident in all species sampled from the one estuary in which sewage contamination was previously only suspected (i.e. the Mooloolah Estuary: 0.2-4.8\u2030 enrichment over fish from reference system). Thus, fish- $\\delta {}^{15}\\text{N}$ is a suitable indicator of wastewater-N not only in systems that receive large loads, but also for the detection of more subtle nitrogen inputs. Arguably, fish may be preferred indicators of sewage-N contamination because they: (1) integrate nitrogen inputs over long time periods, (2) have an element of 'ecological relevance' because fish muscle- $\\delta {}^{15}\\text{N}$ reflect movement of sewage-N through the food chain, and (3) pollution assessments can usually be based on evidence from multiple species.\n      </p>", "Aim The extensively published data on Southeast-East Asian freshwater fish communities and distributions were compiled and expressed into phenograms. Location River basins of Southeast China, the Indochinese Peninsula and Sundaland were studied and compared for possible lineages. Methods The Hennig86 program was employed to cluster the basins of the various subregions on the basis of their similarity in fish assemblages. In this cluster analysis, the outgroup comparison method was used, in which a reference was based on which to make corrections for unequal rates of evolution among the lineages. Results South-eastern China, the Indochinese Peninsula and Sundaland are groups of landmass that share a common ancestor and that evolved at distinct epochs and through different geological processes, as shown from the association between the distribution of freshwater fish of Southeast-East Asia and the twenty-one river basins they inhabit. Main conclusions Southeast-East Asia comprises an estimated 3500 cyprinid species. The phenograms obtained, based on their compositional and distributional patterns, suggest that the riverine fish communities of the area studied fall into nineteen biogeographical zones defined by the main river systems and their underlying geology.\n      </p>", "We examined patterns in Maryland fish assemblages in 1st- through 3rd-order nontidal streams along an urbanization gradient in the Eastern Piedmont (EP) and Coastal Plain (CP) physiographic ecoregions of Maryland, USA, using 1995 to 1997 and 2000 to 2002 data from the Maryland Biological Site Survey (MBSS). Major urbanization and other historical stressors occur in both ecoregions, and there is potential for further stress over the next 25 y as urbanization increases. We assigned each MBSS site (n = 544 streams) to a class of urbanization based on land cover within its upsite catchment. We compared observed fish abundance and species richness to the probable (expected) assemblages within each ecoregion, and also assessed the accuracy of the Maryland fish index of biotic integrity (FIBI) to indicate catchment urbanization. Relationships between urbanization and fish assemblages and FIBI varied between the 2 ecoregions. Assemblages in EP streams exhibited stronger relationships with urbanization than those in CP streams, particularly when urban land cover was &gt;25% of the catchment. Across all EP stream orders (1st, 2nd, and 3rd), high urbanization was associated with low fish abundance and richness, low FIBI, and few intolerant fish species, resulting in assemblages dominated by tolerant species. Conservation practices minimizing urbanization effects on fish assemblages may be inadequate to protect sensitive fish species because of the invasiveness of urban development and stressors related to the urban stream syndrome.\n      </p>", "A major limitation of studies of the relevance of telomere length to cancer and age-related diseases in human populations and to the development of telomere-based therapies has been the lack of suitable high-throughput (HT) assays to measure telomere length. We have developed an automated HT quantitative telomere FISH platform, HT quantitative FISH (Q-FISH), which allows the quantification of telomere length as well as percentage of short telomeres in large human sample sets. We show here that this technique provides the accuracy and sensitivity to uncover associations between telomere length and human disease.\n      </p>", "Animals must often orient through areas that are larger than their perceptual range. The blind Mexican cave fish, Astyanax fasciatus, depends on detecting self-induced near-field wave perturbations by objects via the use of its lateral line organ. Its perceptual range (less than or equal to 0.05 m) is greatly exceeded by its ecological ranging requirements (ca. 30 m). Although known to possess a spatial map of its environment, it is not known how this fish links places (or the area over which the perceptual range extends) together. Using the blind cave fish's propensity to accelerate when faced with objects or environments that are recognizably different, I used a behavioural assay to test whether fishes can learn and remember the order of a landmark sequence. I show, to my knowledge for the first time, that blind Mexican cave fish can encode order in their spatial map. The ability to represent the order in which a series of places are spatially linked is a powerful tool for animals that must orient beyond the limit of their perceptual range. The resulting spatial map would be analogous to a jigsaw puzzle, where each piece represents a place whose size is constrained by the animal's perceptual range.\n      </p>", "Background: Pregnant women receive mixed messages about fish consumption in pregnancy because unsaturated fatty acids and protein in fish are thought to be beneficial, but contaminants such as methylmercury may pose a hazard. Methods: In the Pregnancy Outcomes and Community Health (POUCH) study, women were enrolled in the 15th to 27th week of pregnancy from 52 prenatal clinics in five Michigan communities. At enrollment, information was gathered on amount and category of fish consumed during the current pregnancy, and a hair sample was obtained. A segment of hair closest to the scalp, approximating exposure during pregnancy, was assessed for total mercury levels (70-90% methylmercury) in 1,024 POUCH cohort women. Results: Mercury levels ranged from 0.01 to 2.50 \u00b5g/g (mean = 0.29 \u00b5g/g; median = 0.23 \u00b5g/g). Total fish consumption and consumption of canned fish, bought fish, and sport-caught fish were positively associated with mercury levels in hair. The greatest fish source for mercury exposure appeared to be canned fish. Compared with women delivering at term, women who delivered before 35 weeks' gestation were more likely to have hair mercury levels at or above the 90th percentile (\u2265 0.55 \u00b5g/g), even after adjusting for maternal characteristics and fish consumption (adjusted odds ratio = 3.0; 95% confidence interval, 1.3-6.7). Conclusion: This is the first large, community-based study to examine risk of very preterm birth in relation to mercury levels among women with low to moderate exposure. Additional studies are needed to see whether these findings will be replicated in other settings.\n      </p>", "A cDNA for choriogenin H (Chg H; formerly high-molecular weight spawning female-specific substances, or H-SF), a precursor protein of the inner layer subunits of egg envelope (chorion) of the teleost fish, Oryzias latipes, was cloned and analyzed. The clone consisted of 1913 bp and contained an open reading frame encoding a signal peptide of 22 aa and Chg H protein of 569 aa. The Chg protein possessed three potential N-glycosylation sites and Pro-X-Y repeat sequences in the first two-fifths of the N terminus. There were amino acid sequence similarities between Chg H and a gene product expressed in the liver of female winter flounder during vitellogenesis. Moreover, the amino acid sequence of Chg H is similar to that of ZP2 rather than ZP3 of zona pellucida of some mammals. Northern blot analysis indicated that gene expression for Chg H occurred only in the livers of spawning female fish and 17\u03b2 -estradiol-treated male fish, but not in the ovary of the spawning female fish. Gene expression for Chg H and Chg L (formerly low-molecular weight spawning female-specific substance, or L-SF) was induced and increased in parallel in the male fish liver after 17\u03b2 -estradiol treatment.\n      </p>", "Customary Maori uses of the sea recognized ritual restrictions enforced by supernatural penalties and jurisdictions. In contrast, archaeological interpretations of Maori fishing behaviour emphasize extractive opportunism and, more recently, foraging theory. Archaeological fish catch data are considered from early and later period middens of Te Tau Ihu (northern South Island) to evaluate these seemingly contrastive views. The archaeological sequence is characterized by a highly focused inshore fishing strategy changing only in the identification of the dominant species. Over time the catch pattern shifts to target predictable, fast-growing cool-water species. This change can be interpreted to support explanations of ritually restrictive or low-risk extractive behaviour. These explanations are not mutually exclusive of necessity. Cultural restrictions and boundaries associated with the customary seascape ensured a sustainable and low-risk fish catch, while reinforcing the efficacy of ritual behaviour.\n      </p>", "The Pearl River Delta offers humans a variety of land-use alternatives. A complex ecosystem which has been in existence in the Delta for centuries has greatly contributed to the region's agricultural productivity. The principal components are mulberry trees, silkworms, pond fish, and humans, interrelated in a harmonious and mutually beneficial way. The system is not only highly efficient and soundly balanced ecologically, but provides much higher economic returns than do other agrarian practices in the Delta.\n      </p>", "I examined behavioral responses of the benthic fish Eleotris sandwicensis to painted models (dummies) of fish that Eleotris typically encounter in Hawaii. Eleotris sandwicensis were associated with coarse substrates where their mean (\u00b1 SE) density was $1.5 (\\pm 0.30) fish/m^2$ . I hypothesised that Eleotris would retreat from all models in open areas, but not when they were present in shelters. The five models represented Stenogobius hawaiiensis, Awaous guamensis, E. sandwicensis (female coloration), a male E. sandwicensis in breeding colors (black), and a 12 cm block of wood (control). Whether or not Eleotris held its position or retreated was not a function of body size. Differences among the responses of Eleotris to models depended on whether or not the fish was hidden or exposed on substrates. More retreats in response to models occurred when Eleotris were exposed on substrates than when fish were hidden. There were no significant differences in the response of E. sandwicensis to models when fish were exposed on substrates. In contrast, responses of E. sandwicensis to the models were not random for fish that were hidden, indicating that Eleotris discriminated among the models. The basis for discrimination among models was most likely visual. Although Eleotris are typically secretive, their presence on exposed substrates at this study site may be attributed to the lack of benthivorous fishes and few avian predators. The ability of Eleotris to distinguish among fishes when hidden as well as their tendency to retreat in response to all intruders whenever exposed on substrate surfaces could reduce potential interactions between Eleotris and other native and nonindigenous fishes.\n      </p>", "Two hundred and seven species of fish, mostly Australian marine fish, were sequenced (barcoded) for a 655 bp region of the mitochondrial cytochrome oxidase subunit I gene (cox1). Most species were represented by multiple specimens, and 754 sequences were generated. The GC content of the 143 species of teleosts was higher than the 61 species of sharks and rays (47.1% versus 42.2%), largely due to a higher GC content of codon position 3 in the former (41.1% versus 29.9%). Rays had higher GC than sharks (44.7% versus 41.0%), again largely due to higher GC in the 3rd codon position in the former (36.3% versus 26.8%). Average within-species, genus, family, order and class Kimura two parameter (K2P) distances were 0.39%, 9.93%, 15.46%, 22.18% and 23.27%, respectively. All species could be differentiated by their cox1 sequence, although single individuals of each of two species had haplotypes characteristic of a congener. Although DNA barcoding aims to develop species identification systems, some phylogenetic signal was apparent in the data. In the neighbour-joining tree for all 754 sequences, four major clusters were apparent: chimaerids, rays, sharks and teleosts. Species within genera invariably clustered, and generally so did genera within families. Three taxonomic groups-dogfishes of the genus Squalus, flatheads of the family Platycephalidae, and tunas of the genus Thunnus-were examined more closely. The clades revealed after bootstrapping generally corresponded well with expectations. Individuals from operational taxonomic units designated as Squalus species B through F formed individual clades, supporting morphological evidence for each of these being separate species. We conclude that cox1 sequencing, or 'barcoding', can be used to identify fish species.\n      </p>", "Twelve adult African fish eagles (Haliaeetus vocifer) were captured on water using a floating fish \"snare vest\" on Lake Victoria near Entebbe and Lake Mburo in Uganda. The snare vest comprised 8-12 monofilament nylon snares attached to a floating 15-25-cm Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus). Capture success was 17% of birds that struck the bait at Lake Mburo and 10% at Lake Victoria. The success rate was dependent on multifactorial local site conditions, operator experience, and snare design. The methods described are the first detailed report on the capture of this species, and the snare vest highlights subtle variations in technique from those reported for the capture of other large eagle species.\n      </p>", "To assess the impact of elevated levels of inorganic mercury in soil and dust and organic mercury in fish, biological monitoring was conducted among Native Americans living next to an inactive mercury mine in Clear Lake, California. Of resident tribal members, 46% (n = 56) participated in biomonitoring. Urine mercury levels are equivalent to background, indicating that soil and dust exposures among study participants are not substantial. The average blood organic mercury level among study participants is 15.6 \u00b1 8.8 \u03bcg/l (n = 44), which is higher than levels reported by others among those who do not consume fish (2 \u03bcg/l). Consistent with results from other studies, a correlation between fish consumption and blood organic mercury is observed (p = 0.03). The margin between observed and established adverse effect levels for adults is examined for blood organic mercury and found to be less than 10-fold for 20% of the study population. Protective public health efforts for the study population and other similarly exposed populations, notably those who consume commercial fish products, are considered.\n      </p>", "The Cabi\u00fanas Lagoon is a narrow water body that is perpendicular to the sea and isolated from it by a sandbank. Before 1991, the sandbank was sometimes opened for a few days by local residents, but at present seawater only enters by limited groundwater seepage or by overtopping the sea barrier in storms. In 1998 the Restinga de Jurubatiba National Park was established, including the Cabi\u00fanas Lagoon. Studies on the structure and spatial distribution of the fish assemblage were performed between 1991 and 1994; we carried out one year (2001-2002) of monthly monitoring of the lagoon to identify spatiotemporal variations in the lagoon fish assemblage. The closed sandbank altered salinity content, and favoured oligohaline conditions and the increase of the aquatic macrophyte abundance, promoting freshwater species dominance and reduction of the marine dependent and some coastal lagoon resident species of fish adapted to paralic ecosystems. Two freshwater, two coastal lagoon resident, and five marine dependent fish species, which had been registered in the first studies (1991 and 1994), were not captured in the subsequent samplings. The mean number of individuals (N m\u207b\u00b2 )decreased significantly (Kruskal-Wallis [KW] = 9.977; p = 0.0068); the decrease in biomass was found to be 80%. Species richness and diversity were also significantly reduced. Differences in the current conditions regarding specific composition along the longitudinal axis of the lagoon were observed. Temperature, salinity, and macrophyte coverage were important variables that influenced fish spatial distribution, abundance, and biomass. /// A lagoa Cabi\u00fanas, localizada no Parque Nacional da Restinga de Jurubatiba, RJ/Brasil, apresenta um perfil alongado perpendicular ao litoral com uma barra arenosa que a separa do mar adjacente, sujeita, atualmente, \u00e0 influ\u00eancia marinha por ressacas de curta dura\u00e7\u00e3o. Entre 1991 e 1994 foram realizados estudos com o objetivo de caracterizar a estrutura e distribui\u00e7\u00e3o espacial da ictiofauna neste ambiente. Posteriormente, um monitoramento mensal na lagoa durante um ano (2001-2002), teve por objetivo identificar as mudan\u00e7\u00e3s na ictiofauna quando comparada com os estudos anteriores. A barra permanentemente fechada neste ambiente favoreceu condi\u00e7\u00f5es oligohalinas e incremento da abund\u00e2ncia de macr\u00f3fitas aqu\u00e1ticas, promovendo aumento na abund\u00e2ncia e domin\u00e2ncia das esp\u00e9cies dulc\u00edcolas e diminui\u00e7\u00e3o na const\u00e2ncia das especi\u00e9s de peixes marinho dependentes e algumas residentes de lagoas costeiras adaptadas a ecossistemas salobros. Duas esp\u00e9cies de peixe de origem dulc\u00edcola, duas residentes de lagoas costeiras e cinco marinho dependentes, registradas nos primeiros estudos (1991 e 1994), n\u00e3o foram capturadas nas coletas posteriores. As m\u00e9dias do n\u00famero de individuos (N.m\u207b\u00b2) diminu\u00edram significativamente (Kruskal-Wallis KW = 9,977; p = 0,0068) e a biomassa diminuiu em 80%. Da mesma forma, valores de riqueza de esp\u00e9cies e diversidade foram significativamente diferentes. Tamb\u00e9m foram observadas diferen\u00e7as quanto \u00e0 composi\u00e7\u0101o espec\u00edfica ao longo do eixo longitudinal da lagoa. Vari\u00e1veis que influenciaram a distribui\u00e7\u00e3o espacial, abund\u00e2ncia e biomassa de peixes, foram temperatura, salinidade e cobertura de macr\u00f3fitas.\n      </p>", "Two different morphs of the small cryptomonad, Plagioselmis prolonga var. nordica with a posterior tail, were observed during summer and fall in the hypertrophic lake, Lake Kasumigaura, Japan. The tail shortened in mesocosms stocked with planktivorous silver carp (Hypophthalmichthys molitrix Val.) and elongated by more than 50% in mesocosms from which silver carp were removed. The density of Plagioselmis cells increased significantly upon fish stocking and decreased upon fish removal. The tail length was negatively correlated with algal abundance and positively correlated with crustacean densities, but there was no correlation with nutrient levels or physical environmental parameters in the mesocosms. The variation in tail length was induced by the presence/absence of fish, but was not related to their density. However, silver carp manipulation strongly affected the density of the majority of zooplankters and, interestingly, there was a strong correlation between zooplankton density and tail-length change in Plagioselmis. We propose a possible herbivore-induced defense mechanism triggered by the top predator, silver carp.\n      </p>", "Two cell lines were established from explants of trunk musculature of healthy, males sand seatrout, Cynoscion arenarius. One of the lines, designated CyA-1, has been carried through 150 subcultures during 6 yr. The other, designated CyA-2, has been carried through 100 subcultures during 2 yr. Both lines grow well in L15 medium adjusted to 0.150 M NaCl and supplemented with 10% fetal bovine serum. Optimal growth occurs at temperatures between 24 and 30\u00b0 C. The species of origin of both lines was confirmed by a cytotoxic antibody dye exclusion test. The karyotype of CyA-1 has not yet stabilized, showing a modal chromosome number of 120 at Passage 9, 89 at Passage 63, and 79 at Passage 100. The karyotype of CyA-2 is rather stable, with a modal chromosome number of 47 at Passage 1 and 49 at Passage 100. Chromosome morphology of CyA-2 is homogeneous (small, acrocentric), whereas the chromosomes of CyA-1 show considerable size variation (with small chromosomes possibly formed from fragmentation of original structures). Both lines were found to be free of bacterial or fungal contamination. Both lines supported replication of lymphocystis virus strains isolated from Bairdiella chrysura (the silver perch) and from Micropogon undulatus (the Atlantic croaker) but were refractory to 11 other viruses (4 from fish, 1 from amphibians, and 6 from mammals).\n      </p>", "1. With the implementation of the European Water Framework Directive, the need for studies on European lake fish communities has increased to include lake type-specific fish community features. Although several standardized fish sampling methodologies are available, most previous fish community studies lack a simultaneous consideration of the littoral, benthic and pelagic habitats of lakes. 2. To compare habitat-specific fish communities, we sampled 67 lakes in the north-eastern German lowlands using Norden multimesh gillnets in the benthic and pelagic habitats, and electrofishing in the littoral zone. 3. Standardized catches and diversity of the fish community differed among the three habitats sampled. Species richness and Shannon diversity were higher in benthic and littoral habitats compared with pelagic habitats. Overall, the benthic habitat had the most homogeneous catches and contained the most diverse fish community. 4. Cluster analysis and subsequent indicator value analyses produced substantially different optimum cluster numbers for the three habitat-specific fish communities. Based on the significant differences in fish community composition among the habitats, a simultaneous consideration of numerical fish catches from all habitats was performed using standardized fish abundances. 5. The cluster analysis of the combined abundances resulted in three groups of lakes that were indicated by three fish species. Morphological descriptors (volume, area, maximum depth, mean depth) and descriptors related to the trophic situation (conductivity, total phosphorus) clearly distinguished the three lake groups. 6. All three habitats showed distinct characteristics with respect to either species diversity or relative species' abundances. Our results do not support a conceptual model for all lakes of a gradual succession of fish communities as a result of eutrophication. 7. Synthesis and applications. Only simultaneous consideration of all lake habitats will fulfil the requirements of the Water Framework Directive for evaluating the ecological integrity of lakes. A pre-separation into at least two community types according to lake morphology is necessary before the deviation of the present fish community relative to a reference state can be determined.\n      </p>", "A few species of the weakly electric snoutfish, the African freshwater family Mormyridae, have been reported to vocalise. However, allopatric populations of a single species were never compared. Members of three allopatric Marcusenius macrolepidotus populations, originating from the Upper Zambezi River in Namibia, the Buzi River (Mozambique), and the Incomati River system in South Africa, vocalised with pulsatile growl- and tonal hoot sounds in dyadic confrontation experiments. A high rate of growling accompanied territorial and agonistic interactions and also non-threatening interactions between males and females, which in one pair appeared to be courtship. Growl sound characteristics of M. macrolepidotus from the Incomati system differed from those of the Upper Zambezi in a significantly higher frequency of the first harmonic (mean, 355 Hz vs 266 Hz). The two vocalising males from the Buzi River generated growls about twice as long as the other fish. Furthermore, the growl pulse period was about 4 ms in M. macrolepidotus from the Upper Zambezi River and from the Incomati system, but 6 ms in M. macrolepidotus from the Buzi River. Hoots were only observed in agonistic encounters. Hoot oscillograms showed a sinusoidal waveform, and the mean duration of this sound was similar in Incomati system fish (mean, 161 ms), Upper Zambezi fish (172 ms) and Buzi fish (103 and 145 ms for the two vocalising individuals). The mean frequency of the first hoot harmonic was higher in Incomati system fish (326 Hz) than in Upper Zambezi fish (245 Hz). Both growl and hoot occurred only in the presence of conspecifics, probably signalling the presence and condition of an opponent, territory owner or potential mate. This is the first evidence for (1) sound production and acoustical communication in another species and genus, M. macrolepidotus, from southern Africa to be (2) geographically differentiated.\n      </p>", "Background: From January 2002 to May 2004, 28 puffer fish poisoning (PFP) cases in Florida, New Jersey, Virginia, and New York were linked to the Indian River Lagoon (IRL) in Florida. Saxitoxins (STXs) of unknown source were first identified in fillet remnants from a New Jersey PFP case in 2002. Methods: We used the standard mouse bioassay (MBA), receptor binding assay (RBA), mouse neuroblastoma cytotoxicity assay (MNCA), Ridascreen ELISA, MIST Alert assay, HPLC, and liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) to determine the presence of STX, decarbamoyl STX (dc-STX), and N-sulfocarbamoyl (B1) toxin in puffer fish tissues, clonal cultures, and natural bloom samples of Pyrodinium bahamense from the IRL. Results: We found STXs in 516 IRL southern (Sphoeroides nephelus), checkered (Sphoeroides testudineus), and bandtail (Sphoeroides spengleri) puffer fish. During 36 months of monitoring, we detected STXs in skin, muscle, and viscera, with concentrations up to 22,104 ug STX equivalents (eq)/100 g tissue (action level, 80 \u00b5g STX eq/100 g tissue) in ovaries. Puffer fish tissues, clonal cultures, and natural bloom samples of P. bahamense from the IRL tested toxic in the MBA, RBA, MNCA, Ridascreen ELISA, and MIST Alert assay and positive for STX, dc-STX, and B1 toxin by HPLC and LC-MS. Skin mucus of IRL southern puffer fish captive for 1-year was highly toxic compared to Florida Gulf coast puffer fish. Therefore, we confirm puffer fish to be a hazardous reservoir of STXs in Florida's marine waters and implicate the dinoflagellate P. bahamense as the putative toxin source. Conclusions: Associated with fatal paralytic shellfish poisoning (PSP) in the Pacific but not known to be toxic in the western Atlantic, P. bahamense is an emerging public health threat. We propose characterizing this food poisoning syndrome as saxitoxin puffer fish poisoning (SPFP) to distinguish it from PFP, which is traditionally associated with tetrodotoxin, and from PSP caused by STXs in shellfish.\n      </p>", "The feasibility of using aberrations in fish movement patterns in response to intoxication (measured by infrared light-beam interruption) to monitor and detect pollution was investigated. Acute and sublethal toxic effects were detected for copper, cadmium, cyanide, mercury, phenol, and ammonia. The system proved superior in detecting phenol and ammonia to previous monitoring systems based on fish respiratory responses to intoxication, but was less effective for the other toxicants investigated. The use of the monitoring system to provide an advance warning of the development of toxic conditions in industrial effluent control is considered to be practicable.\n      </p>", "The distribution of fish species in the North Branch of the Moose River (Lake Rondaxe to headwaters of Big Moose Lake) was determined by intensive netting and electrofishing surveys of lakes and streams in the watershed during 1982-83. A chronology of changes in fish species occurrence in the drainage system was reconstructed from earlier published surveys conducted in 1882 and 1931 and unpublished survey data obtained by the NYSDEC during the period 1948-1975. Native species present in 1882 were also collected in 1931. Smallmouth bass (Micropterus dolomieu) were introduced in the early 1900's and were present in collections made in 1931. Major changes in the fish community have taken place since 1931. The smallmouth bass and many of the native species found in the earlier surveys were either absent or restricted in occurrence to downstream sites (eg. L. Rondaxe and Moss L. sub-drainage) in 1982. Non-native species introduced after 1931 (yellow perch, Perca flavescens; central mudminnow, Umbra limi; banded killifish, Fundulus diaphanus) are currently widely distributed throughout the drainage system. In particular, the yellow perch is now a dominant species in the larger lakes of the basin. Comparisons of survival rates for caged fish transferred from high to low pH sites in the Big Moose drainage system demonstrated relatively greater acid tolerance of non-native species (yellow perch, mudminnow, killifish) than native cyprinids. Watershed acidity gradients (pH and aluminum concentrations) and relative physiological acid tolerance are major determinants of currently observed fish species distribution patterns in the North Branch of the Moose River. Differences in age and size structure of fish populations inhabiting acidic and non-acidic lakes of the drainage system were apparent, but difficult to interpret without additional information on population size and potential density dependent parameters such as age specific growth and survival rates. Differential hatching success was observed for yellow perch eggs reciprocally transferred between acid (Big Moose) and neutral (Moss L.) lakes. Eggs transferred from Moss L. to Big Moose L. exhibited poor hatching success as a result of alterations in egg membrane structure that inhibited normal egg expansion and the hatching process. This effect was not evident in eggs from the same parents reared in Moss Lake nor in eggs from the Big Moose parents reared in both lakes. These experimental observations suggested possible genetic adaptation to acid stress by the yellow perch population inhabiting Big Moose Lake.\n      </p>", "1. Planktonic organisms are exposed to harmful ultraviolet (UV) radiation. Pigmentation offers protection but at the same time increases visibility, and therefore vulnerability, to visually orienting predators such as fish. As an adaptation against fish predation, zooplankton should be transparent, though this would leave them less protected against UV radiation. Thus both adaptations would appear to be mutually exclusive. However, phenotypic plasticity in pigmentation could allow flexible adaptation to both environmental situations. 2. We tested the hypothesis that Daphnia should be able to change their level of pigmentation in response to fish kairomone and/or UV radiation using four species of Daphnia. 3. Daphnia hyalina Leydig increased pigmentation under UV radiation and D. pulex Leydig reduced pigmentation in the fish kairomone treatment. Both species live in habitats with variable UV and fish impact. 4. Daphnia cucullata Sars and D. middendorffiana Fischer showed no reaction, probably because of their extreme adaptations: D. middendorffiana is strongly pigmented and seems to be adapted to high UV-B impact and an absence of fish in its arctic habitat. In contrast, D. cucullata has evolved in coexistence with fish. It can afford being nearly transparent because it lives in eutrophic lakes where UV-B is not relevant. 5. Our data on four species suggest that plasticity in pigmentation might be common in Daphnia adapted to environments with contrasting or variable selection pressures.\n      </p>", "Over the past two decades, the marketing of fish has recognized the importance of quality. Yet empirical analysis of market transactions could give us little insight into the value of different qualities of fish because market data are typically aggregated. We exploit a dataset on the auction price of tuna sold in Hawaii to estimate a hedonic model. The model provides empirical estimates of price increments due to species, quality of the fish such as size or fat content, method of handling, and market conditions. The empirical results are also used to estimate price flexibilities for landings in Hawaii.\n      </p>", "The use of different levels of prefermented silage culture (PSC) (5 to 15 g/100 g fish viscera) on fermentation of fresh water fish viscera (FV) containing molasses (5 to 10 g/100 g), propionic acid (0.5 ml/100 g) and ethoxyquin (0.02 g/100 g) was examined. Fast fermentations (pH &lt; 4.2 in 18 h) were obtained with 7.5 g molasses and 15 g PSC, and 10 g molasses and either 5 or 10 g PSC, all per 100 g FV, implying that a significant amount of fermentable sugar was also contributed by the PSC to the fermentation. Lactic acid bacteria reached counts of 10\u2079/g within 12 h and the silage was essentially free from pathogens within 1 day of fermentation. Rises in the volume of fermentation mixtures were greater at lower levels of added molasses.\n      </p>", "Japanese medaka (Oryzias latipes) were continually exposed in a flow-through diluter system for 9 months to measured chloroform concentrations of 0.017, 0.151, or 1.463 mg/L. Parameters evaluated were hepatocarcinogenicity, hepatocellular proliferation, hematology, and intrahepatic chloroform concentration. Histopathology was evaluated at 6 and 9 months. Chloroform was not hepatocarcinogenic to the medaka at the concentrations tested. Chronic toxicity was evidenced at these time points by statistically significant (\u03b1 = 0.05) levels of gallbladder lesions and bile duct abnormalities in medaka treated with 1.463 mg/L chloroform. We assessed hepatocellular proliferation by exposing test fish to 5-bromo-2\u2032 -deoxyuridine in the aquarium water for 72 hr after 4 and 20 days of chloroform exposure; we then quantified area-labeling indices of the livers using computer-assisted image analysis. We observed no treatment-related increases in cellular proliferation. We analyzed cells in circulating blood in medaka after 6 months of chloroform exposure. Hematocrit, leukocrit, cell viability, and cell counts of treated fish were not significantly different from those of control fish. Using gas chromatography (GC), we evaluated intrahepatic concentrations of chloroform in fish after 9 months of exposure. Livers from the 0.151 and 1.463 mg/L chloroform-treated fish had detectable amounts of chloroform, but these levels were always lower than the aquaria concentrations of chloroform. Thus, it appeared that chloroform did not bioaccumulate in the liver. Unidentified presumptive metabolite peaks were found in the GC tracings of these fish livers.\n      </p>", "Investigating the resilience of fish assemblages requires large-scale experiments, but large-scale manipulations are rarely possible, and \"natural experiments\" frequently must take their place. Here we report a unique opportunity to explore the resilience of reef fish assemblages. The underground nuclear testing program conducted by the French Armed Forces at Mururoa Atoll, while not intended as an ecological experiment, caused multiple instantaneous removals of fish over areas of approximately 12.5 km2, without otherwise affecting their environment or the opportunity for recolonization. We show that fish assemblages responded rapidly to these intense, large-scale perturbations, restoring assemblage structure within 1-5 yr. Reef fishery conservation efforts must emphasize protection of habitat, because reef fish assemblages are resilient even to intensive, localized harvesting so long as the structural and biotic integrity of their habitat is maintained and neighboring sites are able to supply recruits.\n      </p>", "Background: Studies have demonstrated ubiquitous human exposure to persistent organic pollutants (POPs) such as p,p'-diphenyldichloroethene (DDE) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Although there is considerable evidence that POP exposures are associated with prevalent diabetes, these studies do not establish causality because the cross-sectional study design does not allow for assessment of temporality of the exposure-disease association. Prospective studies, however, have been lacking. Objectives: This study was designed to determine whether POP body burdens are related to incidence of diabetes in a cohort of Great Lakes sport fish consumers. Methods: The cohort was established in the early 1990s and followed through 2005. We tested serum for DDE and PCB congeners and assessed diabetes diagnosis, demographics, and fish consumption. Associations of diabetes with exposures were examined prospectively in participants without diabetes in 1994-1995, followed through 2005. Annual percent changes in DDE and PCB-132/153 from 1994 to 2005 were examined by diabetes status. Results: DDE exposure was associated with incident diabetes. Incident diabetes was not associated with mono-ortho PCB-118, total PCBs, or years of sport fish consumption. Annual percent change in DDE and PCB-132/153 did not differ significantly by diabetes status. Conclusions: This study demonstrates an association between DDE exposure and incident diabetes. The findings of an association of DDE with incident diabetes and the lack of effect of diabetes on annual percent change in POPs do not support the hypothesis that associations of POPs with diabetes are attributable to reverse causality. Additional studies should address the biological pathways by which DDE could affect glucose homeostasis.\n      </p>", "Understanding the relative impacts of predators on prey may improve the ability to predict the effects of predator composition changes on prey assemblages. We experimentally examined the relative impact of native and introduced predatory fish on a temporary wetland amphibian assemblage to determine whether these predators exert distinct (unique or non-substitutable) or equivalent (similar) impacts on prey. Predatory fish included the eastern mosquitofish (Gambusia holbrooki), golden topminnow (Fundulus chrysotus), flagfish (Jordanella floridae), and the introduced walking catfish (Clarias batrachus). The tadpole assemblage included four common species known to co-occur in temporary wetlands in south-central Florida, USA: the oak toad (Bufo quercicus), pinewoods treefrog (Hyla femoralis), squirrel treefrog (Hyla squirella), and eastern narrowmouth toad (Gastrophryne carolinensis). Tadpoles were exposed to different predators in wading pools under conditions similar to those found in surrounding temporary wetlands (particularly in terms of substrate type, the degree of habitat complexity, and temperature). Native predators were similar with respect to predation rate and prey selectivity, suggesting similar energy requirements and foraging behavior. Conversely, native fish predators, especially G. holbrooki, were distinct from the introduced C. batrachus. In contrast to expectations, C. batrachus were less voracious predators than native fish, particularly G. holbrooki. Moreover, survival of G. carolinensis and H. femoralis were higher in the presence of C. batrachus than G. holbrooki. We suggest that C. batrachus was a less efficient predator than native fish because the foraging behavior of this species resulted in low predator-prey encounter rates, and thus predation rate. In combination with a related field study, our results suggest that native predatory fish play a stronger role than C. batrachus in influencing the spatial distribution and abundance of temporary wetland amphibians in the landscape.\n      </p>", "During the past 10-15 years removal of planktiand benthivorous fish (mainly roach, Rutilus rutilus, and bream, Abramis brama) has commonly been used as a method to improve the ecological quality of Danish lakes. Here, we examine the general and long-term effects obtained after the removal of 41-1360 kg fish ha\u207b\u00b9 in 36 mainly shallow and eutrophic lakes. In lakes in which less than 200 kg fish ha\u207b\u00b9 were removed within a 3-year period only minor effects were observed, but at higher removal rates both chemical and biological variables were markedly affected. The concentrations of chlorophyll a (Chla), total phosphorus (TP), total nitrogen (TN), and suspended solids (SS) decreased to 50-70% of the level prior to removal. The most significant and long-lasting effects were found for SS and Secchi depth, whereas the most modest effects were seen for Chla. This probably reflects an efficient and persistent reduction of the bream stock which reduced resuspension and SS, while the biomass of roach returned to former levels, decreasing the zooplankton grazing with less control on Chla. Total algal biomass also declined after fish removal, particularly that of cyanobacteria, whereas the biomass of cryptophytes increased, indicating enhanced grazing pressure by zooplankton. The abundance and species number of submerged macrophytes increased in the majority of the lakes. For most variables the effects of the fish removal were significant for 6-10 years, after which many lakes tended to return to pre-restoration conditions, probably mainly because of consistently high external and internal phosphorus loading. We conclude that a sufficiently extensive removal of plankti-and benthivorous fish is an efficient tool to create clear water; however, repeated fish removal is presumably required to obtain long-term effects in the most nutrient rich lakes.\n      </p>", "Ornament magnitude often reflects a local balance between sexual selection and other sources of natural selection opposing their elaboration. Human activity may disrupt this balance if it modifies the costs of producing, maintaining or displaying the ornaments. When costs are increased, a shortage of acceptable partners may ensue, with consequences commensurate with how stringent (and effective) the process of mate choice is. Here, we show that the expression of ornaments in the viviparous amarillo fish (Girardinichthys multiradiatus) is influenced by embryonic exposure to low concentrations of an organophosphorus insecticide. Male ornamental fin size, dimorphic yellow coloration and display rates were all compromised in exposed fish, but unaffected in their paternal half-sibling controls and in their sisters (morphology and colour). Exposure resulted in smaller fish of both sexes, thus the differential effect by sex was restricted to attributes such as fin size only above the naturally selected magnitude shown by females. Father phenotype predicted offspring morphology of controls, but not of exposed males, which were discriminated against by both control and exposed females. Since stringent female mate choice can result in females refusing to mate with suboptimal mates, this sub-lethal developmental effect can reduce the effective population size of amarillo fish populations.\n      </p>", "The introduction of fish into high-elevation lakes can provide a geographic and demographic boost to their invasion of stream networks, thereby further endangering the native stream fauna. Increasingly, remaining populations of native salmonids are concentrated in fragmented headwater refugia that are protected by physical or biological barriers from introduced fishes that originate in the pervasive source populations established at lower elevations. Although fish introduced near mainstem rivers frequently encounter obstacles to upstream dispersal, such as steep slopes or falls, we found that brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis) dispersed downstream through channel slopes of 80% and 18-m-high falls. Thus, headwater lake stocking provides source populations that may be capable of invading most downstream habitats, including headwater refugia of native fishes. The extent of additional area invasible from lakes, beyond that invasible from downstream, depends on the geography of the stream network, particularly the density and distribution of headwater lakes and their location relative to barriers inhibiting upstream dispersal. In the thermal and trophic environments downstream of lakes, fish commonly grow faster and thus mature earlier and have higher fecundity-at-age than their counterparts in other high-elevation streams. The resulting higher rates of population growth facilitate invasion. Larger body sizes also potentially aid the fish in overcoming barriers to invasion. Trout introductions to high-elevation headwater lakes thus pose disproportionately large risks to native fishes-even when the place of introduction may appear to be spatially dissociated from populations of the native species. Mapping the potential invasible area can help to establish priorities in stocking and eradication efforts.\n      </p>", "Mass balance models have frequently been used with laboratory-derived bioenergetic models to examine the accumulation of mercury (Hg) in fish. The accumulation of Hg in fish has usually been successfully described by these models. However, this has generally been achieved by adjusting the parameters of these models until there was a close fit between observed and predicted values. In this study, we present a simple Hg mass balance model (MMBM) to predict Hg concentration in fish. This MMBM was applied with three methods of estimating food consumption rates to predict Hg concentration in three freshwater fish species. The MMBM accurately predicted the accumulation of Hg in the three fish species examined in this study when it was combined with food consumption rates that were determined with a radioisotopic method. The MMBM tended to underestimate Hg concentration in fish when it was combined with food consumption rates determined using laboratory-derived bioenergetic models, possibly because activity costs derived under laboratory conditions do not adequately represent activity costs of fish in the field. When feeding rates were estimated with a bioenergetic model implemented with site-specific estimates of activity costs, the MMBM accurately predicted the concentration of Hg in fish. Therefore, until activity costs can be accurately estimated in situ, predictions obtained with the MMBM implemented with a laboratory-derived bioenergetic model should be interpreted cautiously.\n      </p>", "Rates of biogeochemical processes often vary widely in space and time, and characterizing this variation is critical for understanding ecosystem functioning. In streams, spatial hotspots of nutrient transformations are generally attributed to physical and microbial processes. Here we examine the potential for heterogeneous distributions of fish to generate hotspots of nutrient recycling. We measured nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P) excretion rates of 47 species of fish in an N-limited Neotropical stream, and we combined these data with population densities in each of 49 stream channel units to estimate unit- and reach-scale nutrient recycling. Species varied widely in rates of N and P excretion as well as excreted N:P ratios (6\u2014176 molar). At the reach scale, fish excretion could meet &gt;75% of ecosystem demand for dissolved inorganic N and turn over the ambient NH\u2084 pool in &lt;0.3 km. Areal N excretion estimates varied 47-fold among channel units, suggesting that fish distributions could influence local N availability. P excretion rates varied 14-fold among units but were low relative to ambient concentrations. Spatial variation in aggregate nutrient excretion by fish reflected the effects of habitat characteristics (depth, water velocity) on community structure (body size, denisty, species composition), and the preference of large-bodied species for deep runs was particularly important. We conclude that the spatial distribution of fish could indeed create hotspots of nutrient recycling during the dry season in this species-rich tropical stream. The prevalence of patchy distributions of stream fish and invertebrates suggests that hotspots of consumer nutrient recycling may often occur in stream ecosystems.\n      </p>", "Background: The current, continuous National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) has included blood mercury (BHg) and fish/shellfish consumption since it began in 1999. NHANES 1999-2004 data form the basis for these analyses. Objectives: This study was designed to determine BHg distributions within U.S. Census regions and within coastal and noncoastal areas among women of childbearing age, their association with patterns offish consumption, and changes from 1999 through 2004. Methods: We performed univariate and bivariate analyses to determine the distribution of BHg and fish consumption in the population and to investigate differences by geography, race/ethnicity, and income. We used multivariate analysis (regression) to determine the strongest predictors of BHg among geography, demographic factors, and fish consumption. Results: Elevated BHg occurred more commonly among women of childbearing age living in coastal areas of the United States (approximately one in six women). Regionally, exposures differ across the United States: Northeast &gt; South and West &gt; Midwest. Asian women and women with higher income ate more fish and had higher BHg. Time-trend analyses identified reduced BHg and reduced intake of Hg in the upper percentiles without an overall reduction of fish consumption. Conclusions: BHg is associated with income, ethnicity, residence (census region and coastal proximity). From 1999 through 2004, BHg decreased without a concomitant decrease in fish consumption. Data are consistent with a shift over this time period in fish species in women's diets.\n      </p>", "This paper reports on the response by amphibians, benthic macroinvertebrates, and zooplankton in naturally fishless alpine lakes to fish introductions and subsequent fish disappearance. We assessed resistance (the degree to which a system is altered when the environment changes) by comparing faunal distribution and abundance in lakes that have never been stocked with fish vs. the distribution and abundance in lakes that have been stocked and still contain fish. We assessed resilience (the degree and rate of a system's return to its previous configuration once the perturbation is removed) by comparing faunal distribution and abundance in lakes that were stocked at one time but have since reverted to a fishless condition (stocked-now-fishless lakes) vs. the distribution and abundance in lakes that have never been stocked. We quantified recovery rates and trajectories by comparing faunal assemblages of stocked-now-fishless lakes that had been fishless for 5-10, 11-20, and &gt;20 yr. Faunal assemblages in the study lakes had low resistance to fish introductions, but in general showed high resilience. The mountain yellow-legged frog (Rana muscosa), conspicuous benthic macroinvertebrates, and large crustacean zooplankton (&gt;1 mm) were dramatically reduced in distribution and abundance by fish introductions but generally recovered to predisturbance levels after fish disappearance. Inconspicuous benthic invertebrate taxa, small crustacean zooplankton (&lt;1 mm), and rotiferan zooplankton (&lt;0.2 mm) were either unaffected by fish or increased in the presence of fish. For both the benthic macroinvertebrate community and the zooplankton community as a whole, fish disappearance was followed by a steady change away from the configuration characteristic of fish-containing lakes and toward that of lakes that had never been stocked. Both communities remained markedly different from those in never-stocked lakes 5-10 yr after fish disappearance and converged on the configuration of never-stocked lakes only 11-20 yr after fish disappearance. Recovery was likely facilitated by the winged adult stages of many benthic macroinvertebrates, resting eggs of zooplankton, and nearby source populations of frogs. However, many frog populations have disappeared since the time that lakes in this study reverted to a fishless condition, and the viability of zooplankton egg banks should decline in fish-containing lakes over time. As a result, faunal resilience may be lower in lakes that revert to a fishless condition today than is suggested by the results of our study. These findings have important implications for the restoration of alpine lake ecosystems.\n      </p>", "Marine protected areas, and other fishery management systems that impart partial or total protection from fishing, are increasingly advocated as an essential management tool to ensure the sustainable use of marine resources. Beneficial effects for fish species are well documented for tropical and reef systems, but the effects of marine protected areas remain largely untested in temperate waters. We compared trends in sport-fishing catches of nine fish species in an area influenced by a large $(500-km^2)$ towed-fishing-gear restriction zone and in adjacent areas under conventional fishery management controls. Over the period 1973-2002 the mean reported weight of above-average-sized (trophy) fish of species with early age at maturity and limited home range was greatest within the area influenced by the fishing-gear restriction zone. The reported weight of trophy fish of species that mature early also declined less and more slowly over time within the area influenced by the fishing-gear restriction zone. Importantly, the mean reported weight of trophy fish of species that mature late and those that undertake extensive spatial movements declined at the same rate in all areas. Hence these species are likely to require protected areas $&gt;500 km^2$ for effective protection. Our results also indicated that fish species with a localized distribution or high site fidelity may require additional protection from sport fishing to prevent declines in the number or size of fish within the local population.\n      </p>", "Background: Despite general agreement about the toxicity of methylmercury (MeHg), fish consumption advice remains controversial. Concerns have been raised that negative messages will steer people away from fish and omega-3 fatty acid (FA) benefits. One approach is to provide advice for individual species that highlights beneficial fish while cautioning against riskier fish. Objectives: Our goal in this study was to develop a method to quantitatively analyze the net risk/benefit of individual fish species based on their MeHg and omega-3 FA content. Methods: We identified dose-response relationships for MeHg and omega-3 FA effects on coronary heart disease (CHD) and neurodevelopment. We used the MeHg and omega-3 FA content of 16 commonly consumed species to calculate the net risk/benefit for each species. Results: Estimated omega-3 FA benefits outweight MeHg risks for some species (e.g., farmed salmon, herring, trout); however, the opposite was true for others (swordfish, shark). Other species were associated with a small net benefit (e.g., flounder, canned light tuna) or a small net risk (e.g., canned white tuna, halibut). These results were used to place fish into one of four meal frequency categories, with the advice tentative because of limitations in the underlying dose-response information. Separate advice appears warranted for the neurodevelopmental risk group versus the cardiovascular risk group because we found a greater net benefit from fish consumption for the cardiovascular risk group. Conclusions: This research illustrates a framework for risk/benefit analysis that can be used to develop categories of consumption advice ranging from \"do not eat\" to \"unlimited,\" with the caveat that unlimited may need to be tempered for certain fish (e.g., farm-raised salmon) because of other contaminants and end points (e.g., cancer risk). Uncertainties exist in the underlying dose-response relationships, pointing in particular to the need for more research on the adverse effects of MeHg on cardiovascular end points.\n      </p>", "Investigating the biological mechanisms linking environmental variability to fish production systems requires the disentangling of the interactions between habitat, environmental adaptation and fitness. Since the number of environmental variables and regulatory processes is large, straightening out the environmental influences on fish performance is intractable unless the mechanistic analysis of the 'fish-milieu' system is preceded by an understanding of the properties of that system. While revisiting the key points in our currently poorly integrated understanding of fish ecophysiology, we have highlighted the explanatory potential contained within Fry's (Fry 1947 \"Univ. Toronto Stud. Biol. Ser.\" 55, 1-62) concept of metabolic scope and categorization of environmental factors. These two notions constitute a pair of powerful tools for conducting an external (at the emerging property level) analysis of the environmental influences on fish, as well as an internal (mechanistic) examination of the behavioural, morphological and physiological processes involved. Using examples from our own and other work, we have tried to demonstrate that Fry's framework represents a valuable conceptual basis leading to a broad range of testable ecophysiological hypotheses.\n      </p>", "The chemistry of recent fish scales (tench, common carp, amur and European perch) and sub-recent fish scales (European perch and mostly taxonomically not determined) was studied by means of laser ablation inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry and electron microprobe from shallow boreholes in the abandoned meander Certak near Uhersk\u00e9 Hradiste. A detailed study of subfossil fish confirms extremely rapid changes in the chemical composition of hydroxylapatite during very early diagenetic processes in the first 2 years, which does not change significantly in the bottom of the boreholes about 25 years old. While there is an enormous increase in Na, K, Ba and Sr, Fe and Mn, there is a major decrease in Mg. The fish scales from 70 to 78 cm (6-8 years old) are approaching already the level of francolite-type hydroxylapatite. The high Na content indicates carbonate substitutions for OH or PO\u2084 group. Consequently, environmental interpretations based on the chemistry of fossil hydroxylapatites require extreme caution. In recent fish scales, the element concentrations reflect not only the position in the trophic pyramid but also a complicated interplay of the diet, physiological processes and environmental contamination.\n      </p>", "Laboratory and field studies have documented better cognitive performance associated with marked hemispheric specialization in organisms as diverse as chimpanzees, domestic chicks and topminnows. While providing an evolutionary explanation for the emergence of cerebral lateralization, this evidence represents a paradox because a large proportion of non-lateralized (NL) individuals is commonly observed in animal populations. Hemispheric specialization often determines large left-right differences in perceiving and responding to stimuli. Using topminnows selected for a high or low degree of lateralization, we tested the hypothesis that individuals with greater functional asymmetry pay a higher performance cost in situations requiring matching information from the two eyes. When trained to use the middle door in a row of a nine, NL fish correctly chose the central door in most cases, while lateralized fish showed systematic leftward or rightward biases. WTien choosing between two shoals, each seen with a different eye, NL fish chose the high-quality shoal significantly more often than the lateralized fish, whose performance was affected by eye preference for analysing social stimuli. These findings suggest the existence of a trade-off between computational advantages of hemispheric specialization and the ecological cost of making suboptimal decisions whenever relevant information is located on both sides of the body.\n      </p>", "Ten fish mortality events, involving primarily Atlantic menhaden, occurred from early July through September 2000 in several bays and creeks in Delaware, USA. Two events involved large mortalities estimated at 1-2.5 million fish in Bald Eagle Creek, Rehoboth Bay. Samples from Indian Inlet (Bethany Beach), open to the Atlantic, as well as from an enclosed area of massive fish kills at nearby Bald Eagle Creek and Torque Canal were collected and sent to our laboratory for analysis. Microscopic examination of samples from the fish kill site revealed the presence of a single-cell Raphidophyte alga Chattonella cf. verruculosa at a maximum density of 1.04\u00d7 107 cells/L. Naturally occurring brevetoxins were also detected in the bloom samples. Besides the Chattonella species, no other known brevetoxin-producing phytoplankton were present. Chromatographic, immunochemical, and spectroscopic analyses confirmed the presence of brevetoxin PbTx-2, and PbTx-3 and -9 were confirmed by chromatographic and immunochemical analyses. This is the first confirmed report in the United States of brevetoxins associated with an indigenous bloom in temperate Atlantic estuarine waters and of C. cf. verruculosa as a resident toxic organism implicated in fish kills in this area. The bloom of Chattonella continued throughout September and eventually declined in October. By the end of October C. cf. verruculosa was no longer seen, nor was toxin measurable in the surface waters. The results affirm that to avoid deleterious impacts on human and ecosystem health, increased monitoring is needed for brevetoxins and organisms(s) producing them, even in areas previously thought to be unaffected.\n      </p>", "1. The current paradigm of fish community distribution is one of a downstream increase in species richness by addition, but this concept is based on a small number of streams from the mid-west and southern United States, which are dominated by cyprinids. Further, the measure of species richness traditionally used, without including evenness, may not be providing an accurate reflection of the fish community. We hypothesize that in streams dominated by anadromous salmonids, fish community diversity will be affected by the presence of the anadromous species, and therefore be influenced by those factors affecting the salmonid population. 2. Catamaran Brook, New Brunswick, Canada, provides a long-term data set to evaluate fish community diversity upstream and downstream of an obstruction (North American beaver Castor canadensis dam complex), which affects distribution of Atlantic salmon Salmo salar. 3. The Shannon Weiner diversity index and community evenness were calculated for sample sites distributed throughout the brook and over 15 years. Fish community diversity was greatest upstream of the beaver dams and in the absence of Atlantic salmon. The salmon appear to depress the evenness of the community but do not affect species richness. The community upstream of the beaver dams changes due to replacement of slimy sculpin Cottus cognatus by salmon, rather than addition, when access is provided. 4. Within Catamaran Brook, location of beaver dams and autumn streamflow interact to govern adult Atlantic salmon spawner distribution, which then dictates juvenile production and effects on fish community. These communities in an anadromous Atlantic salmon dominated stream do not follow the species richness gradient pattern shown in cyprinid-dominated streams and an alternative model for stream fish community distribution in streams dominated by anadromous salmonids is presented. This alternative model suggests that community distribution may be a function of semipermeable obstructions, streamflow and the distribution of the anadromous species affecting resident stream fish species richness, evenness, biomass and production.\n      </p>", "Dams are obstructing rivers worldwide, impairing habitat and migration opportunities for many freshwater fish species; however, global data linking dam and fish distributions have been limited. Here, we quantify dam obstruction at the biogeographic scale of freshwater ecoregion, which provides the spatial framework necessary to assess the risk of fish species loss due to dams and allows us to identify both ecoregions and genera at risk. Nearly 50% of the 397 assessed freshwater ecoregions are obstructed by large- and medium-size dams, and approximately 27% face additional downstream obstruction. A synthesis of obstruction data and fish traits indicates that taxa such as lampreys (Lampetra spp.), eels (Anguilla spp.), and shads (Alosa spp.) are at particular risk of species loss. Threatened ecoregions with heavy dam obstruction and above-average counts of total, diadromous, or endemic species are found on all continents and include the Murray\u2013Darling Province, Southern Italy, the Lower and Middle Indus Basin, West Korea, the South Atlantic region of the United States, the Upper Paran\u00e1, and Mobile Bay ecoregions.\n      </p>", "The ecological significance of cleaner fish on coral reefs was investigated. I removed all cleaner fish, Labroides dimidiatus, from eight small reefs, measured the subsequent effect on the abundance and species composition of all reef fish after 3 and 6 months, and compared it with eight control reefs with cleaner fish. The removal of cleaner fish had no detectable effect on the total abundance of fish on reefs and the total number of fish species at both times. Multivariate analysis by non-metric multidimensional scaling and ANOSIM pairwise tests based on 191 fish species revealed no effect of cleaners on the community structure of fish. Similar results were obtained using principal components analysis on subsets of the data using the 33 most common fish species and the 15 most abundant species (\u22655 individuals per reef) with both log10 (x + 1) transformed data and with fish numbers standardized for abundance. This study demonstrates that the removal of cleaner fish for 6 months did not result in fish suffering increased mortality nor in fish leaving reefs to seek cleaning elsewhere.\n      </p>", "Mast cells are important as initiators and effectors of innate immunity and regulate the adaptive immune responses. They have been described in all classes of vertebrates and seem to be morphologically and functionally similar. However, early studies had shown that fish and amphibian mast cells were devoid of histamine. In this study, we take a fresh look at the evolution of histamine and find that the mast cells of fish belonging to the Perciformes order, the largest and most evolutionarily advanced order of teleosts, are armed with histamine. More importantly, histamine is biologically active in these fish where it is able to regulate the inflammatory response by acting on professional phagocytes. In addition, the actions of histamine in these immune cells seem to be mediated through the engagement of H\u2081 and H\u2082 receptors, which, together with the H\u2083 receptor, are well conserved in bony fish. We propose that the storage of histamine in vertebrate mast cells and its use as an inflammatory messenger was established in primitive reptiles (Lepidosauria) \u2248276 million years ago. This same feature seems to have developed independently in Perciform fish much more recently in the Lower Eocene, between 55 and 45 million years ago, a short period during which the great majority of Percomorph families appeared.\n      </p>", "We have studied the reproductive ecology and bioacoustic signals of weakly electric mormyrid fish in Africa in order to discover the natural conditions under which acoustic signals are used and to gain insight into the evolution of their acoustic behaviour and hearing. Pollimyrus isidori migrated from a tributary of the Niger River (Mali) into a shallow (2-3 m) flood plain during the onset of the flooding seasons (August, 1991 and 1994). The fish were fully primed for reproduction upon entering the plain, females were significantly larger than males, and the sex ratio was skewed toward males (about 2 males per female). Males established territories (d \u2248 1 m) within the roots of floating rafts of grasses, about 0.5 m below the water surface. Males produced conspicuous acoustic displays consisting of Grunts and Moans during the night (130 dB peak re 1 \u03bcPa at approximately 10 cm). These sounds had a fundamental of 340 Hz, but the band-width of the grunt extended to over 3 kHz. Experiments at the field site with captive animals showed that male sound production was stimulated by the presence of conspecific females. The P. isidori repertoire included 3 additional sounds. Analysis of environmental noise showed that these communication sounds fall within a distinct spectral window, thereby minimizing potential interference from other aquatic animals and abiotic noise sources. Waveform analyses showed that the sounds remained coherent over short distances (0.5 m) but lost amplitude more rapidly than would be predicted in a deep water free-field.\n      </p>", "Sulfate reduction and pore water solutes related to sulfur cycling and anaerobic processes (short chain fatty acids (SCFA), SO&lt;sub&gt;4&lt;/sub&gt;&lt;sup&gt;2-&lt;/sup&gt;, TCO&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt;, NH&lt;sub&gt;4&lt;/sub&gt;&lt;sup&gt;+&lt;/sup&gt;, dissolved sulfides (\u2211 H&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt;S) and CH&lt;sub&gt;4&lt;/sub&gt;) were examined during one year at a marine fish farm. Mineralization of fish farm waste products was rapid in this non-bioturbated, organic rich sediment. Stimulation of sulfate reduction rates (SRR) occurred primarily in the surface layers where the organic matter was deposited. Acetate was the most important (&gt;99%) of the measured SCFA attaining high concentrations during summer months (up to 4.7 mM). The acetate profiles exhibited distinct seasonal cycles, where periods with high concentrations in the pore waters were found coincident with a high pool of particulate organic matter in the surface sediments and a low activity of the sulfate reducing bacteria (early spring and late summer). Periods with low acetate pools occurred when sulfate reduction rates were high in early summer and in winter were pools of particulate organic matter were decreasing. Methane production was observed concurrent with sulfate reduction in the microbial active surface layers in late summer. Subsurface peaks of SO&lt;sub&gt;4&lt;/sub&gt;&lt;sup&gt;2-&lt;/sup&gt;, TCO&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt;, NH&lt;sub&gt;4&lt;/sub&gt;&lt;sup&gt;+&lt;/sup&gt; and \u2211 H&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt;S were evident in July and August due to rapid mineralization in these surface layers. With decreasing autumn water temperatures mineralization rates declined and subsurface peaks of these solutes disappeared. A strong relationship was found between pore water TCO&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt; and NH&lt;sub&gt;4&lt;/sub&gt;&lt;sup&gt;+&lt;/sup&gt;. Ratios between TCO&lt;sub&gt;2&lt;/sub&gt; and NH&lt;sub&gt;4&lt;/sub&gt;&lt;sup&gt;+&lt;/sup&gt; were low compared to a control site, attaining minimum values in mid-summer. This indicated rapid nitrogen mineralization of nitrogen rich labile substrates in the fish farm sediment during the entire season.\n      </p>", "Recent coastal archaeological surveys in Britain and Ireland have produced an array of evidence for the construction and use of wooden and stone fish weirs throughout the Middle Ages. These fish weirs, with their wooden fences, basket traps and other features, vary in location, size, date and complexity. Regional and local traditions are discussed and it is suggested that fish weirs provide interesting insights into the labour and practices of medieval fishing communities, particularly in terms of cultural continuity and social identity.\n      </p>", "In 1994, the French National Public Health Network reported significant mercury exposure of native Amerindians in French Guiana. In 1997, a study was conducted in the Wayana community to quantify the dietary intake and to identify the fish species contributing the most to the contamination. The study was completed by an impregnation analysis based on Hg determination in hair samples. The methodology used was a detailed familial dietary study associated with Hg measurements in fish and some game. The study was conducted over 7 days in two different seasons in the four most populated Wayana villages on the upper part of the Maroni River (521 people; 70% of the Wayana population in French Guiana). Analysis was based on data on consumption obtained from 165 people in a 1-14 day period (i.e., 940 persons \u00d7 days) and involved 270 fish samples from 48 species. Total Hg and monomethylmercury (MMHg) were also determined in hair samples (235 samples for total Hg). The results confirm mercury exposure of the Wayana population related to a diet rich in fish, which are relatively highly contaminated for certain species (up to 1.62 mg/kg fresh weight or 8.1 mg/kg dry weight in skeletal muscle). Results from hair samples showed that 57% of the Amerindians had Hg levels above the World Health Organization (WHO) safety limit (10 \u03bcg/g); all those over 1 year of age had a Hg intake greater than the WHO safety limit (200 \u03bcg MMHg/week for a 60-kg male). Hg concentrations in fish muscle were closely linked to the feeding regime and position of fish in the food webs. Overall, 14.5% of the fish collected exceeded the 0.5 mg/kg (fresh weight) safety limit. Four carnivorous species accounted for no less than 72% of the metal ingested by the Wayana families, although these represented only 28% of the consumed fish biomass. In conclusion, this study revealed excessive exposure to mercury in the Wayana population in French Guiana related to the consumption of contaminated fish.\n      </p>", "A new fibroblast-like cell line, CyN, has been developed from muscle tissue of the marine fish Cynoscion nebulosus (the spotted weakfish). A subline, CyN-1, was characterized fully and carried through 100 subcultures. CyN-1 is heteroploid and has a modal chromosome number of 49. The line is susceptible to LT-1, lymphocystis, eastern equine encephalitis and vesicular stomatitis viruses. Optimal growth occurred at 25\u00b0 to 34\u00b0 C in growth medium adjusted to 0.150 m NaCl.\n      </p>", "Food web structure, particularly the relative importance of bottom-up and top-down control of animal abundances, is poorly known for the Earth's largest habitats: the abyssal plains. A unique 15-yr time series of climate, productivity, particulate flux, and abundance of primary consumers (primarily echinoderms) and secondary consumers (fish) was examined to elucidate the response of trophic levels to temporal variation in one another. Towed camera sled deployments in the abyssal northeast Pacific (4100 m water depth) showed that annual mean numbers of the dominant fish genus (Coryphaenoides spp.) more than doubled over the period 1989-2004. Coryphaenoides spp. abundance was significantly correlated with total abundance of mobile epibenthic megafauna (echinoderms), with changes in fish abundance lagging behind changes in the echinoderms. Direct correlations between surface climate and fish abundances, and particulate organic carbon (POC) flux and fish abundances, were insignificant, which may be related to the varied response of the potential prey taxa to climate and POC flux. This study provides a rare opportunity to study the long-term dynamics of an unexploited marine fish population and suggests a dominant role for bottom-up control in this system.\n      </p>", "Community convergence across biogeographically distinct regions suggests the existence of key, repeated, evolutionary mechanisms relating community characteristics to the environment. However, convergence studies at the community level often involve only qualitative comparisons of the environment and may fail to identify which environmental variables drive community structure. We tested the hypothesis that the biological traits of fish communities on two continents (Europe and North America) are similarly related to environmental conditions. Specifically, from observations of individual fish made at the microhabitat scale (a few square meters) within French streams, we generated habitat preference models linking traits of fish species to local scale hydraulic conditions (Froude number). Using this information, we then predicted how hydraulics and geomorphology at the larger scale of stream reaches (several pool-riffle sequences) should quantitatively influence the trait composition of fish communities. Trait composition for fishes in stream reaches with low Froude number at low flow or high proportion of pools was predicted as nonbenthic, large, fecund, long-lived, nonstreamlined, and weak swimmers. We tested our predictions in contrasting stream reaches in France (n = 11) and Virginia, USA (n = 76), using analyses of covariance to quantify the relative influence of continent vs. physical habitat variables on fish traits The reach-scale convergence analysis indicated that trait proportions in the communities differed between continents (up to 55% of the variance in each trait was explained by \"continent\"), partly due to distinct evolutionary histories. However, within continents, trait proportions were comparably related to the hydraulic and geomorphic variables (up to 54% of the variance within continents explained). In particular, a synthetic measure of fish traits in reaches was well explained (50% of its variance) by the Froude number independently of the continent. The effect of physical variables did not differ across continents for most traits, confirming our predictions qualitatively and quantitatively. Therefore, despite phylogenetic and historical differences between continents, fish communities of France and Virginia exhibit convergence in biological traits related to hydraulics and geomorphology. This convergence reflects morphological and behavioral adaptations to physical stress in streams. This study supports the existence of a habitat template for ecological strategies. Some key quantitative variables that define this habitat template can be identified by characterizing how individual organisms use their physical environment, and by using dimensionless physical variables that reveal common energetic properties in different systems. Overall, quantitative tests of community convergence are efficient tools to demonstrate that some community traits are predictable from environmental features.\n      </p>", "A cell line was established from the ovaries of a healthy, juvenile channel catfish, Ictalurus punctatus. These cells, designated CCO, have been passed 130 times during 3 years. The cells grow well in Eagle's MEM-10 at a temperature of 30\u00b0 C. Species of origin of the cells was confirmed by a cytotoxic dye exclusion test. The cells were found to be free of bacterial and fungal contamination. A study of chromosome preparations indicated that the karyotype is still in a state of flux. The CCO line replicated channel catfish virus but was refractory to 12 other viruses, 4 from fish, 1 from birds, and 7 from mammals.\n      </p>", "Nonnative invasive species are one of the main global threats to biodiversity. The understanding of the traits characterizing successful invaders and invasion-prone ecosystems is increasing, but our predictive ability is still limited. Quantitative information on biotic homogenization and particularly its temporal dynamics is even scarcer. We used freshwater fish distribution data in the Iberian Peninsula in four periods (before human intervention, 1991, 1995, and 2001) to assess the temporal dynamics of biotic homogenization among river basins. The percentage of introduced species among fish faunas has increased in recent times (from 41.8% in 1991 to 52.5% in 2001), leading to a clear increase in the similarity of community composition among basins. The mean Jaccard's index increase (a measure of biotic homogenization) from the pristine situation to the present (17.1%) was similar to that for Californian fish but higher than for other studies. However, biotic homogenization was found to be a temporally dynamic process, with finer temporal grain analyses detecting transient stages of biotic differentiation. Introduced species assemblages were spatially structured along a latitudinal gradient in the Iberian Peninsula, with species related to sport fishing being characteristic of northern basins. Although the comparison of fish distributions in the Iberian Peninsula and France showed significant and generalized biotic homogenization, nonnative assemblages of northeastern Iberian basins were more similar to those of France than to those of the rest of the Iberian Peninsula, indicating a main introduction route. Species introduced to the Iberian Peninsula tended to be mainly piscivores or widely introduced species that previously had been introduced to France. Our results indicate that the simultaneous analysis of the spatial distribution of introduced assemblages (excluding native species that reflect other biogeographical patterns) and their specific traits can be an effective tool to detect introduction and invasion routes and to predict future invaders from donor regions.\n      </p>", "Food taboos or food prohibitions are still controversial in ecological anthropology and in human ecology. In the literature, the explanations for such taboos find their origin in the book of Leviticus in the Bible, or in the abundance of fat found in the tissue of different fish species, or on the consequences for conservation practices. In this comparative study, we show the various interpretations concerning the food taboos observed in tropical societies, including their association to the availability of resources, i.e., the protein coming from local fish resources. We show that, in the Amazon and on the Atlantic Forest coast, fish food taboos, or dietary prohibitions during illness, are associated with carnivorous fish, especially piscivorous fish, and the fish that are recommended for consumption during illness are usually herbivorous or invertebrate eaters. Explanation for this preference is based into the consideration that, at high trophic levels, animals may accumulate toxins by eating plants, invertebrates, or other fish. We therefore consider that fish food taboos may represent an adaptive strategy of local inhabitants of the Atlantic Forest coast and of Amazonian rivers.\n      </p>", "Aquaculture's pressure on forage fisheries remains hotly contested. This article reviews trends in fishmeal and fish oil use in industrial aquafeeds, showing reduced inclusion rates but greater total use associated with increased aquaculture production and demand for fish high in long-chain omega-3 oils. The ratio of wild fisheries inputs to farmed fish output has fallen to 0.63 for the aquaculture sector as a whole but remains as high as 5.0 for Atlantic salmon. Various plant-and animal-based alternatives are now used or available for industrial aquafeeds, depending on relative prices and consumer acceptance, and the outlook for single-cell organisms to replace fish oil is promising. With appropriate economic and regulatory incentives, the transition toward alternative feedstuffs could accelerate, paving the way for a consensus that aquaculture is aiding the ocean, not depleting it.\n      </p>", "In the Baltic Sea, increased dominance of ephemeral and bloom-forming algae is presently attributed to increased nutrient loads. Simultaneously, coastal predatory fish are in strong decline. Using field data from nine areas covering a 700-km coastline, we examined whether formation of macroalgal blooms could be linked to the composition of the fish community. We then tested whether predator or nutrient availability could explain the field patterns in two small-scale field experiments, by comparing joint effects on algal net production from nutrient enrichment with agricultural fertilizer and exclusion of larger predatory fish with cages. We also manipulated the presence of invertebrate grazers. The abundance of piscivorous fish had a strong negative correlation with the large-scale distribution of bloom-forming macroalgae. Areas with depleted top-predator communities displayed massive increases in their prey, small-bodied fish, and high covers of ephemeral algae. Combining the results from the two experiments showed that excluding larger piscivorous fish: (1) increased the abundance of small-bodied predatory fish; (2) changed the size distribution of the dominating grazers, decreasing the smaller gastropod scrapers; and (3) increased the net production of ephemeral macroalgae. Effects of removing top predators and nutrient enrichment were similar and additive, together increasing the abundance of ephemeral algae many times. Predator effects depended on invertebrate grazers; in the absence of invertebrates there were no significant effects of predator exclusion on algal production. Our results provide strong support for regional declines of larger predatory fish in the Baltic Sea promoting algal production by decreasing invertebrate grazer control. This highlights the importance of trophic interactions for ecosystem responses to eutrophication. The view emerges that to achieve management goals for water quality we need to consider the interplay between top-down and bottom-up processes in future ecosystem management of marine resources.\n      </p>", "Foraging by Grey Herons (Ardea cinerea) on fish regurgitated by Great Cormorants (Phalacrocorax carbo) was investigated in large mixed colony (ca. 10,000 pairs of cormorants and 700 pairs of herons) at Katy Rybackie (north Poland). Experiments with displaying fish in different parts of the mixed and monospecific colonies were carried out. Herons took fish only within the area of mixed nests. Herons foraged on regurgitated fish during the whole breeding season but most intensively (up to 18% of all birds) in the fledging period. The main foraging area of herons (the Vistula Lagoon) has abundant food and is situated close to the colony. The fish regurgitated by cormorants constituted an important source of food for fledglings in the critical period after leaving the nest and was an alternative or supplementary food for adult birds during a period of bad weather. Extra food available in the colony could be responsible for high breeding success of the herons in the mixed colony at Katy Rybackie.\n      </p>", "Escalating demands for water have led to substantial modifications of river systems in arid regions, which coupled with the widespread invasion of nonnative organisms, have increased the vulnerability of native aquatic species to extirpation. Whereas a number of studies have evaluated the role of modified flow regimes and nonnative species on native aquatic assemblages, few have been conducted where the compounding effects of modified flow regimes and established nonnatives do not confound interpretations, particularly at spatial and temporal scales that are relevant to conservation of species at a range-wide level. By evaluating a 19-year data set across six sites in the relatively unaltered upper Gila River basin, New Mexico, USA, we tested how natural flow regimes and presence of nonnative species affected long-term stability of native fish assemblages. Overall, we found that native fish density was greatest during a wet period at the beginning of our study and declined during a dry period near the end of the study. Nonnative fishes, particularly predators, generally responded in opposite directions to these climatic cycles. Our data suggested that chronic presence of nonnative fishes, coupled with naturally low flows reduced abundance of individual species and compromised persistence of native fish assemblages. We also found that a natural flow regime alone was unlikely to ensure persistence of native fish assemblages. Rather, active management that maintains natural flow regimes while concurrently suppressing or excluding nonnative fishes from remaining native fish strongholds is critical to conservation of native fish assemblages in a system, such as the upper Gila River drainage, with comparatively little anthropogenic modification.\n      </p>", "Mimetic species evolve colours and body patterns to closely resemble poisonous species and thus avoid predation (Batesian mimicry), or resemble beneficial or harmless species in order to approach and attack prey (aggressive mimicry). Facultative mimicry, the ability to switch between mimic and non-mimic colours at will, is uncommon in the animal kingdom, but has been shown in a cephalopod, and recently in a marine fish, the bluestriped fangblenny Plagiotremus rhinorhynchos, an aggressive mimic of the juvenile cleaner fish Labroides dimidiatus. Here we demonstrate for the first time that fangblennies adopted mimic colours in the presence of juvenile cleaner fish; however, this only occurred in smaller individuals. Field data indicated that when juvenile cleaner fish were abundant, the proportion of mimic to non-mimic fangblennies was greater, suggesting that fangblennies adopt their mimic disguise depending on the availability of cleaner fish. Finally, measurements of spectral reflectance suggest that not only do mimic fangblennies accurately resemble the colour of their cleaner fish models but also mimic other species of fish that they associate with. This study provides insights into the cues that control this remarkable facultative mimicry system and qualitatively measures its accuracy.\n      </p>", "Freshwater mollusks figure prominently in the diets of humpback whitefish (Coregonus pidschian) and broad whitefish (C. nasus), two benthic-feeding coregonid species. A recent examination of pea clams (Sphaeriidae), valve snails (Valvatidae), and pond snails (Lymnaeidae) from the lower digestive tracts of these fish found that many of the mollusks were alive. Survival completely through gut passage would indicate a dispersal mechanism for freshwater mollusks that has not been previously recognized. A field investigation was conducted with wild-caught humpback and broad whitefish to test the hypothesis that clams and snails are capable of surviving complete gut passage. Wild fish were captured alive and held in collection totes to obtain feces samples. Pea clams and valve snails were abundant in fish feces, and pond snails were present but not abundant. An average of 483 pea clams and 833 valve snails per fish were observed to have survived complete gut passage, while only a single surviving pond snail was found. These findings suggest that fish may play an important role in the dispersal of freshwater mollusks within freshwater systems. /// Les mollusques d'eau douce constituent une partie imposante du r\u00e9gime alimentaire du coregone \u00e0 bosse (Coregonus pidschian) et du coregone tschir (C. nasus), deux cor\u00e9gonid\u00e9s \u00e0 alimentation benthique. L'analyse r\u00e9cente de pisidies (Sphaeriidae), de valvatid\u00e9s (Valvatidae) et de lymn\u00e9id\u00e9s (Lymnaeidae) provenant du tractus digestif inf\u00e9rieur de ces poissons a permis de constater que grand nombre de ces mollusques \u00e9taient toujours en vie. Le fait d'avoir enti\u00e8rement surv\u00e9cu dans le passage digestif porterait \u00e0 croire qu'il s'agirait l\u00e0 d'un m\u00e9canisme de dispersion des mollusques d'eau douce qui n' ajam\u00e1is encore \u00e9t\u00e9 reconnu. Une \u00e9tude sur le terrain a \u00e9t\u00e9 r\u00e9alis\u00e9e au moyen de cor\u00e9gones \u00e0 bosse et de cor\u00e9gones tschir afin de mettre \u00e0 l'\u00e9preuve l'hypoth\u00e8se selon laquelle les pisidies, les valvatid\u00e9s et les lymn\u00e9id\u00e9s sont capables de survivre \u00e0 travers tout le passage digestif. Des poissons sauvages ont \u00e9t\u00e9 captur\u00e9s en vie et conserv\u00e9s dans des sacs de pr\u00e9l\u00e8vement dans le but de recueillir des \u00e9chantillons de f\u00e8ces. Les pisidies et les valvatid\u00e9s abondaient dans les f\u00e8ces des poissons, tandis que les lymn\u00e9id\u00e9s ne s'y retrouvaient pas en abondance. En moyenne, 483 pisidies et 833 valvatid\u00e9s ayant surv\u00e9cu \u00e0 travers le passage digestif ont \u00e9t\u00e9 observ\u00e9s dans chaque poisson, tandis qu'un seul lymn\u00e9id\u00e9 avait surv\u00e9cu. Ces constatations laissent croire que les poissons pourraient jouer un r\u00f4le important dans la dispersion des mollusques d'eau douce au sein des syst\u00e8mes d'eau douce.\n      </p>", "Important questions regarding the ecology of seabirds cannot be answered without understanding the dynamics of seabirds' prey. We developed a methodology for studying the interactions of fish and Common Terns using a paper-recording echo sounder. Though not without limitations, echosounders can be useful in quantifying relative abundance and density of prey fish and in obtaining data on fish behavior. We describe and evaluate our techniques and the efficacy of using sonar to study and interactions of seabirds and their prey.\n      </p>", "Riparian forest buffers may play a critical role in moderating the impacts of deforestation on tropical stream ecosystems, but very few studies have examined the ecological effects of riparian buffers in the tropics. To test the hypothesis that riparian forest buffers can reduce the impacts of deforestation on tropical stream biota, we sampled fish assemblages in lowland headwater streams in southeastern Costa Rica representing three different treatments: (1) forested reference stream reaches, (2) stream reaches adjacent to pasture with a riparian forest buffer averaging at least 15 m in width on each bank, and (3) stream reaches adjacent to pasture without a riparian forest buffer. Land cover upstream from the study reaches was dominated by forest at all of the sites, allowing us to isolate the reach-scale effects of the three study treatments. Fish density was significantly higher in pasture reaches than in forest and forest buffer reaches, mostly due to an increase in herbivore-detritivores, but fish biomass did not differ among reach types. Fish species richness was also higher in pasture reaches than in forested reference reaches, while forest buffer reaches were intermediate. Overall, the taxonomic and trophic structure of fish assemblages in forest and forest buffer reaches was very similar, while assemblages in pasture reaches were quite distinct. These patterns were persistent across three sampling periods during our 15-month study. Differences in stream ecosystem conditions between pasture reaches and forested sites, including higher stream temperatures, reduced fruit and seed inputs, and a trend toward increased periphyton abundance, appeared to favor fish species normally found in larger streams and facilitate a native invasion process. Forest buffer reaches, in contrast, had stream temperatures and allochthonous inputs more similar to forested streams. Our results illustrate the importance of riparian areas to stream ecosystem integrity in the tropics and provide support for Costa Rican legislation protecting riparian forests.\n      </p>", "Objective: Fish consumption advisories are issued to warn the public of possible toxicological threats from consuming certain fish species. Although developing fetuses and children are particularly susceptible to toxicants in fish, fish also contain valuable nutrients. Hence, formulating advice for sensitive populations poses challenges. We conducted a comparative analysis of advisory Web sites issued by states to assess health messages that sensitive populations might access. Data sources: We evaluated state advisories accessed via the National Listing of Fish Advisories issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Data extraction: We created criteria to evaluate advisory attributes such as risk and benefit message clarity. Data synthesis: All 48 state advisories issued at the time of this analysis targeted children, 90% (43) targeted pregnant women, and 58% (28) targeted women of childbearing age. Only six advisories addressed single contaminants, while the remainder based advice on 2-12 contaminants. Results revealed that advisories associated a dozen contaminants with specific adverse health effects. Beneficial health effects of any kind were specifically associated only with omega-3 fatty acids found in fish. Conclusions: These findings highlight the complexity of assessing and communicating information about multiple contaminant exposure from fish consumption. Communication regarding potential health benefits conferred by specific fish nutrients was minimal and focused primarily on omega-3 fatty acids. This overview suggests some lessons learned and highlights a lack of both clarity and consistency in providing the breadth of information that sensitive populations such as pregnant women need to make public health decisions about fish consumption during pregnancy.\n      </p>", "The ratio of the number of taxa observed at a site to that expected to occur in the absence of anthropogenic impacts (O/E) is an ecologically meaningful measure of the degree of faunal alteration. We used O/E ratios to describe the response by amphibian, reptile, benthic macroinvertebrate, and zooplankton taxa in originally fishless lakes in Yosemite National Park to the introduction and subsequent disappearance of nonnative fish. To quantify resistance (the degree to which a system is altered when the environment changes) and resilience (the degree to which a system returns to its previous configuration once the perturbation is removed), we compared O/E ratios between lakes that were never stocked, were previously stocked and still contained fish, or were previously stocked but had reverted to a fishless condition. On average, stocked-fish-present sites had 16% fewer taxa than never-stocked sites (O/E = 0.84 vs. 1.00, respectively). This statistically significant difference in O/E ratios indicates that native fauna had relatively low resistance to fish introductions. Resistance was inversely related to fish density and elevation, and directly related to water depth. Vulnerability to impacts of trout predation differed markedly between faunal groups, being high for amphibians, reptiles, conspicuous benthic invertebrates, and zooplankton and low for inconspicuous benthic invertebrates. O/E ratios in stocked-now-fishless sites were significantly higher (1.00) than those in stocked-fish-present sites and were not significantly different from those in never-stocked sites, indicating that this fauna had high resilience. For stocked-now-fishless sites, the relationship between the O/E ratio and the number of years since fish disappearance indicated that taxonomic composition recovered to closely resemble that of never-stocked lakes in less than two years following fish disappearance. Collectively, these results indicate that despite strong effects of an introduced predatory fish on community structure, these systems recover quickly and predictably following fish removal.\n      </p>", "Coral reefs are highly complex ecological systems, where multiple processes interact across scales in space and time to create assemblages of exceptionally high biodiversity. Despite the increasing frequency of hierarchically structured sampling programs used in coral-reef science, little progress has been made in quantifying the relative importance of processes operating across multiple scales. The vast majority of reef studies are conducted, or at least analyzed, at a single spatial scale, ignoring the implicitly hierarchical structure of the overall system in favor of small-scale experiments or large-scale observations. Here we demonstrate how \u03b1 (mean local number of species), \u03b2 diversity (degree of species dissimilarity among local sites), and \u03b3 diversity (overall species richness) vary with spatial scale, and using a hierarchical, information-theoretic approach, we evaluate the relative importance of site-, reef-, and atoll-level processes driving the fish metacommunity structure among 10 atolls in French Polynesia. Process-based models, representing well-established hypotheses about drivers of reef-fish community structure, were assembled into a candidate set of 12 hierarchical linear models. Variation in fish abundance, biomass, and species richness were unevenly distributed among transect, reef, and atoll levels, establishing the relative contribution of variation at these spatial scales to the structure of the metacommunity. Reef-fish biomass, species richness, and the abundance of most functional-groups corresponded primarily with transect-level habitat diversity and atoll-lagoon size, whereas detritivore and grazer abundances were largely correlated with potential covariates of larval dispersal. Our findings show that (1) within-transect and among-atoll factors primarily drive the relationship between \u03b1 and \u03b3 diversity in this reef-fish metacommunity; (2) habitat is the primary correlate with reef-fish metacommunity structure at multiple spatial scales; and (3) inter-atoll connectedness was poorly correlated with the nonrandom clustering of reef-fish species. These results demonstrate the importance of modeling hierarchical data and processes in understanding reef-fish metacommunity structure.\n      </p>", "The paper attempts to evaluate the performance of export of Bangladesh's fisheries sector to identify its strengths and weaknesses. Simpson Index, RCA, RSCA, regression techniques etc. have been used to evaluate the performance. Fish export shows an increasing role in the economy in many respects. However, it lacks diversification and concentrates only in the category of shrimp. The country also has formidable comparative advantage. But she does not get her due price in the world market. Policy incentives can play a significant role to increase fish export. Bangladesh must introduce quality assurance system based on HACCP to comply with the SPS and TBT measures in order to boost her fish export.\n      </p>", "We tested the applicability of the random amplified polymorphic deoxyribonucleic acid (RAPD) analysis for identification of three marine fish cell lines FG, SPH, and RSBF, and as a possible tool to detect cross-contamination. Sixty commercial 10-mer RAPD primers were tested on the cell lines and on samples collected from individual fish. The results obtained showed that the cell lines could be identified to the correspondent species on the basis of identical patterns produced by 35-48% of the primers tested; the total mean similarity indices for cell lines versus correspondent species of individual fish ranged from 0.825 to 0.851, indicating the existence of genetic variation in these cell lines in relation to the species of their origin. Also, four primers, which gave a monomorphic band pattern within species/line, but different among the species/line, were obtained. These primers can be useful for identification of these cell lines and for characterization of the genetic variation of these cell lines in relation to the species of their origin. This supported the use of RAPD analysis as an effective tool in species identification and cross-contamination test among different cell lines.\n      </p>", "The State of Michigan has a long history of research into human exposure to environmental contaminants through consumption of recreationally caught fish. A large cohort of Lake Michigan residents who eat fish (fish-eaters) and those who do not eat fish (nonfish-eaters) established in 1980 served as the basis for the congener-specific polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure evaluation reported here. In this paper we present the serum PCB congener profile for a subset of this cohort who were over 50 years of age. Serum samples were collected in 1993-1995 and were evaluated by a dual column capillary column gas chromatography procedure capable of detecting over 90 PCB congeners. This evaluation demonstrated significant PCB exposure in the fish-eaters (mean serum PCB of 14.26 ppb; n = 101). This elevated exposure allowed the establishment of a detailed profile of the PCB congeners found in humans exposed by this route. Twenty-two congeners of varying concentrations were the most prevalent and constituted over 95% of the total PCB present in most subjects. Four congeners, 138/163 (2,2\u2032,3,4,4\u2032,5-PCB/2,3,3\u2032,4\u2032,5,6-PCB), 180 (2,2\u2032,3,4,4\u2032,5,5\u2032-PCB), and 153 (2,2\u2032,4,4\u2032,5,5\u2032-PCB), accounted for 55-64% of the total PCB load. Other congeners, some of toxicologic significance, were also detected by this analytical protocol. Nonfish-eaters had lower total serum PCB levels (mean = 4,56; n = 78), but the same general pattern of PCB congeners was present. It was demonstrated that careful selection of a subset of prevalent PCB congeners could provide a cost-effective assessment of exposure without losing critical scientific information.\n      </p>", "For species with complex life cycles, variation in growth or condition during early life stages may affect survival in later stages or during important life-stage transitions. These effects on survival may be an important source of recruitment variability. However, survival during early stages is often density-dependent and it is unclear how the effects of early condition on recruitment compare to the effects of density alone. In this study, I investigated both the independent and interactive effects of condition and density on post-settlement survival and growth of bicolor damselfish (Stegastes partitus). In a field experiment, I crossed two levels of population density with two levels of condition (established by laboratory feeding of recent settlers) and measured growth and survivorship over a 30-day period. Low condition and high density both decreased survivorship. However, the effects of density were stronger and the effects of condition and density on survivorship were independent. In contrast, condition and density had interactive effects on growth in that density reduced growth only in the high-condition treatments. In a second experiment, I examined how condition and density affected intraspecific aggression and shelter use, two behaviors that may influence growth and survival. Shelter use was unaffected by density and condition. The rate of intraspecific chases was greater and increased more strongly with density when fish were in higher condition. Average growth rate of fish decreased with increasing rate of intraspecific chases, suggesting that the difference in aggression between condition levels was the mechanism leading to differences in density- dependent growth. These results suggest that variation in condition at settlement can significantly contribute to variation in population abundance, despite density dependence in survival. However, because behaviors that affect density- dependent growth can be altered by condition at settlement, the degree to which population biomass is regulated may depend on initial condition.\n      </p>", "Background: The widespread occurrence of feminized male fish downstream of some wastewater treatment works has led to substantial interest from ecologists and public health professionals. This concern stems from the view that the effects observed have a parallel in humans, and that both phenomena are caused by exposure to mixtures of contaminants that interfere with reproductive development. The evidence for a \"wildlife-human connection\" is, however, weak: Testicular dysgenesis syndrome, seen in human males, is most easily reproduced in rodent models by exposure to mixtures of antiandrogenic chemicals. In contrast, the accepted explanation for feminization of wild male fish is that it results mainly from exposure to steroidal estrogens originating primarily from human excretion. Objectives: We sought to further explore the hypothesis that endocrine disruption in fish is multicausal, resulting from exposure to mixtures of chemicals with both estrogenic and antiandrogenic properties. Methods: We used hierarchical generalized linear and generalized additive statistical modeling to explore the associations between modeled concentrations and activities of estrogenic and antiandrogenic chemicals in 30 U.K. rivers and feminized responses seen in wild fish living in these rivers. Results: In addition to the estrogenic substances, antiandrogenic activity was prevalent in almost all treated sewage effluents tested. Further, the results of the modeling demonstrated that feminizing effects in wild fish could be best modeled as a function of their predicted exposure to both antiandrogens and estrogens or to antiandrogens alone. Conclusion: The results provide a strong argument for a multicausal etiology of widespread feminization of wild fish in U.K. rivers involving contributions from both steroidal estrogens and xenoestrogens and from other (as yet unknown) contaminants with antiandrogenic properties. These results may add further credence to the hypothesis that endocrine-disrupting effects seen in wild fish and in humans are caused by similar combinations of endocrine-disrupting chemical cocktails.\n      </p>", "Sulfate reduction rates and biogeochemical parameters of fish farm sediments across the Mediterranean were investigated in the order to evaluate the potential effects of organic matter inputs on habitat quality for the common seagrass Posidonia oceanica. Four study sites were selected in Spain, Italy, Greece and Cyprus to represent the Mediterranean basin. P. oceanica was found in immediate vicinity of all the farms, which were located at physically exposed sites about 1 km from the shore lines. Organic matter accumulation, sulfate reduction rates and sulfur pools were measured in depth profiles along transects from the farms in both bare and vegetated sediments. Results show that although the organic matter accumulation was minor at the sites (POC &amp;lt; 2.8% DW), the sulfate reduction rates were high in particular at the largest farm in Italy (up to 212 mmol m\u207b\u00b2 d\u207b\u00b9), similar to rates found at shallower, temperate fish farm sites, where higher sedimentation rates can be expected. Sulfate reducing bacteria in these low-organic, carbonate-rich Mediterranean sediments respond strongly to organic matter loadings and cause habitat degradation. Sulfate reduction rates measured in the P. oceanica sediments were among the highest recorded (7.8-42.0 mmol m\u207b\u00b2 d\u207b\u00b9) similar to rates found in degrading meadows impacted by organic matter loadings. As sulfate reduction rates were correlated with the sedimentation rates along the transects rather than organic matter pools this suggests mineralization processes were controlled by organic matter loading in fish farm sediments. The vegetated sediments near the net cages were more reduced due to accumulation of sulfides compared to control sites, which is a possible contributing factor to the observed seagrass decline in the farm surroundings. It is recommended that Mediterranean fish farms are placed in areas with rapid dispersal of particulate waste products to minimize organic matter loading of the sediments and thereby preserve habitat quality for benthic fauna and flora.\n      </p>", "Little is known about the interaction between fish pathogens and managed freshwater fish populations. We develop a model of chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tschawytscha)\u2014Renibacterium salmoninarum (Rs) dynamics based on free-swimming Lake Michigan fish by synthesizing population and epidemiological theory. Using the model, we expose critical uncertainties about the system, identify opportunities for efficient and insightful data collection, and pose testable hypotheses. Our simulation results suggest that hatcheries potentially play an important role in Lake Michigan Rs dynamics, and understanding vertical transmission will be critical for quantifying this role. Our results also show that diseasemediated responses to chinook salmon density need to be considered when evaluating management actions. Related to this, a better understanding of the stock\u2014recruitment relationship and natural mortality rates for wild-spawned fish and the impact of hatchery stocking on recruitment is required. Finally, to further develop models capable of assisting fishery management, fish health surveys ought to be integrated with stock assessment. This is the first time a host\u2014pathogen modeling framework has been applied to managed, freshwater ecosystems, and we suggest that such an approach should be used more frequently to inform other emerging and chronic fish health issues.\n      </p>", "One of the great mysteries of coral-reef fish ecology is how larvae locate the relatively rare patches of coral-reef habitat on which they settle. The present study aimed to estimate, by experiments in aquaria, the sensory modalities of coral-reef fish larvae for senses used in searching for their species' settlement habitat. Larval recognition of settlement habitat can be based on the detection of conspecifics and/or of characteristics of coral habitat using visual, chemical and mechanical cues. For this study, larvae were captured with crest nets and were then introduced into experimental tanks that allowed testing of each type of cue separately (visual, chemical or mechanical cues). Among the 18 species studied, 13 chose their settlement habitat due to the presence of conspecifics and not based on the characteristics of coral habitat, and 5 species did not move toward their settlement habitat (e.g. Scorpaenodes parvipinnis, Apogon novemfasciatus). Among the different sensory cues tested, two species used the three types of cues (Parupeneus barberinus and Ctenochaetus striatus: visual, chemical and mechanical cues), six used two types (e.g. Myripristis pralinia: visual and chemical cues; Naso unicornis: visual and mechanical cues), and five used one type (e.g. Chrysiptera leucopoma: visual cues; Pomacentrus pavo: chemical cues). These results demonstrate that many coral-reef fish larvae could in practice use sensory cues for effective habitat selection at settlement, and have the ability to discriminate species-specific sensory cues.\n      </p>", "Nestedness of faunal assemblages is a multiscale phenomenon, potentially influenced by a variety of factors. Prior small-scale studies have found freshwater fish species assemblages to be nested along stream courses as a result of either selective colonization or extinction. However, within-stream gradients in temperature and other factors are correlated with the distributions of many fish species and may also contribute to nestedness. At a regional level, strongly nested patterns would require a consistent set of structuring mechanisms across streams, and correlation among species' tolerances of the environmental factors that influence distribution. Thus, nestedness should be negatively associated with the spatial extent of the region analyzed and positively associated with elevational gradients (a correlate of temperature and other environmental factors). We examined these relationships for the freshwater fishes of Virginia. Regions were defined within a spatial hierarchy and included whole river drainages, portions of drainages within physiographic provinces, and smaller subdrainages. In most cases, nestedness was significantly stronger in regions characterized by greater topographic relief. Analysis of hydrologic variability and patterns of faunal turnover provided no evidence that inter-annual colonization/extinction dynamics contributed to elevational differences in nestedness. These results suggest that, at regional scales, nestedness is influenced by interactions between biotic and abiotic factors, and that the strongest nestedness is likely to occur where a small number of organizational processes predominate, i.e., over small spatial extents and regions exhibiting strong environmentel gradients.\n      </p>", "Within the past decade, toxic Pfiesteria outbreaks have been documented in poorly flushed, eutrophic areas of the largest and second largest estuaries on the U.S. mainland. Here we summarize a decadal field effort in fish kill assessment, encompassing kills related to Pfiesteria (49 major kills in North Carolina estuaries since 1991 and 4 in Maryland estuaries in 1997) and to other factors such as low oxygen stress (79 major fish kills in North Carolina estuaries). The laboratory and field data considered in developing our protocols are described, including toxic Pfiesteria behavior, environmental conditions conducive to toxic Pfiesteria activity, and impacts of toxic clonal Pfiesteria on fish health. We outline the steps of the standardized fish bioassay procedure that has been used since 1991 to diagnose whether actively toxic Pfiesteria was present during estuarine fish kills. Detailed data are given for a 1998 toxic Pfiesteria outbreak in the Neuse Estuary in North Carolina to illustrate of the full suite of diagnostic steps completed. We demonstrate that our conservative approach in implicating toxic Pfiesteria involvement in fish kills has biased in favor of causes other than Pfiesteria. Data are summarized from experiments that have shown stimulation of toxic Pfiesteria strains by nutrient (N, P) enrichment, supporting field observations of highest abundance of toxic strains in eutrophic estuaries. On the basis of a decade of research on toxic Pfiesteria, we present a conceptual model of the seasonal dynamics of toxic strains as affected by changing food resources and weather patterns. We also recommend protocols and research approaches that will strengthen the science of fish kill assessment related to Pfiesteria and/or other causative factors.\n      </p>", "Bighorn Lake, a fishless alpine lake, was stocked with nonnative brook trout, Salvelinus fontinalis, in 1965 and 1966. The newly introduced trout rapidly eliminated the large crustaceans Hesperodiaptomus arcticus and Daphnia middendorffiana from the plankton. In July 1997, we began to remove the fish using gill nets. The population comprised 261 fish that averaged 214 g in wet weight and 273 mm in fork length. Thereafter, zooplankton abundance increased within weeks. Early increases were caused by the maturation of Diacyclops bicuspidatus, few of which reached copepodid stages before the removal of the fish because of fish predation. Daphnia middendorffiana, absent when fish were present, reappeared in 1998. Hesperodiaptomus arcticus, which had been eliminated by the stocked fish, did not return. The proportion of large zooplankton increased after fish removal, but their overall biomass did not change. Algal biomass was low and variable throughout the 1990s and correlated with water temperature but not with nutrient concentrations or grazer densities. Diatoms were the most abundant algal taxon in the lake, followed by Dinophyceae. Chrysophyceans and cryptophyceans were eliminated after the fish were removed. Chlorophyll a concentrations were unaffected. Gill netting is a viable fish eradication technique for smaller (less than 10 ha), shallow (less than 10 m deep) lakes that lack habitable inflows and outflows or other sensitive species. Further work is required to define appropriate removal methods for larger lakes and watersheds.\n      </p>", "The live reef fish trade (LRFT) is one of the greatest but least-quantified sources of fishing pressure for several species of large coral reef fish across the Indo-Pacific. For the first time we quantify the localized impact of the LRFT. We collected data from three LRFT traders in northern Borneo, which yielded information on daily fishing effort and the species and mass of all fishes sold every day by individual fishers or vessels over 2, 3 and 8 years. Total monthly catch and relative abundance (catch-per-unit-effort) declined significantly in several species, including the most valuable species the Napoleon wrasse (Cheilinus undulatus, estimated changes of -98 and -78% over 8 years in catch and relative abundance, respectively) and lower-value bluelined groupers (Plectropomus oligocanthus: -99 and -81%) and Epinephelus groupers (-89 and -32%). These severe declines were rapid, species-specific and occurred in the first 2-4 years of the dataset and are, we believe, directly attributable to the LRFT. This has crucial implications for future data collection and monitoring if population collapses in other parts of the LRFT and similar wildlife trades are to be successfully detected.\n      </p>", "In poeciliid fish, melanoma of different degrees of malignancy can be produced by crossing specific genotypes. For a detailed investigation of the processes leading to proliferation or differentiation of the melanoma cells, it is necessary to establish cell cultures. The aim of the present study was to find out the optimal conditions for initiating and culturing poeciliid fish cells for the purpose of establishing cell cultures of melanoma. The optimal method was developed by using small pieces of late embryos as starting material and includes: (a) dispersion of tissue by mild stepwise treatment with a trypsin-EDTA mixture at low temperature; (b) culture of cells in the complex medium 199; (c) supplementation of medium with high percentage (20%) of fetal bovine serum; and (d) stabilization of pH by buffering the medium with HEPES. Under these conditions, primary and secondary cultures of embryonic cells have been initiated. An epithelial-like cell line has been subcultured for more than 80 passages. The method developed for embryonic tissues was used to start cell cultures from melanoma of platyfish-swordtail hybrids. Until now, only cells of rapidly growing malignant albino melanoma could be maintained in primary cultures. Secondary cultures could not be initiated since the melanoma cells tended to differentiate and stopped growing before a confluent monolayer was formed.\n      </p>", "Guppies (Poecilia reticulatus) were given two prey: Drosophila (on the water surface) and tubificid worms (on the aquarium bottom). The densities of the two prey were varied gradually over 12 days, from 4:1 to 1:4, and we measured the predators' diets, time of each meal, and time spent at the top, middle, and bottom of the aquarium. The guppies switched, attacking disproportionately whichever of the two prey was more abundant. Switching resulted when the fish increased the fraction of time spent at the surface as the fraction of Drosophila available increased. They did this in response to changing reward rates. Switching caused density-dependent mortality. Differences between two groups of fish show that switching behavior is more efficient and should be selected for. The result confirms previous generalizations about switching.\n      </p>", "The nature of the costs maintaining honesty of sexual signalling in inter- and intrasexual interactions remains a contentious issue. For carotenoid-based colour ornaments, it has been hypothesized that the honesty of the signal is enforced when carotenoid allocation to colour expression is traded off against carotenoid availability for immunocompetence. In addition, honesty is enforced if androgens required for colour expression are immunosuppressive. We tested whether there is a trade-off between colour expression and immunocompetence in a lek-breeding haplochromine cichild fish, Pundamilia nyererei, from Lake Victoria with a carotenoid-based nuptial dress. First, we showed that expression of red nuptial colouration and social rank in a group were positively correlated. We then successfully manipulated the level of colour advertisement by socially stimulating individually housed males with a rival male: Stimulated males developed larger areas of red nuptial colouration and had higher levels of circulating 11-ketotestosterone (11-KT) than non-stimulated males. We subsequently tested the humoral immune response to a novel antigen (sheep red blood cells). There was no overall significant effect of social stimulation on antibody production, but in the stimulated males, the degree of red colouration and the antibody response were negatively correlated. This significant interaction between colour and treatment thus shows that the negative correlation between colouration and antibody production is dependent on the (manipulated) social environment. This study provides correlational and experimental evidence for a trade-off between expression of a sexual trait and one component of immune function in fish. We found no evidence for a direct effect of 11-KT on antibody production, and we discuss alternative mechanisms that could mediate the trade-off.\n      </p>", "Although many streams in North America have been rehabilitated to improve the habitat of salmonids, little is known about the long-term impacts of such practices on salmonid habitats and on river dynamics. The success of these improvement schemes is often assessed a short time after the work is completed and is usually based on changes in the targeted biological populations. This article examines the long-term effects of bank-cover deflectors on the physical fish habitat and on the channel morphology. The study was conducted on Lawrence Creek, a small stream in Wisconsin, where trout habitat had been affected negatively by intense cattle grazing. Data on the physical habitat and on channel morphology were collected on a 600-m-long reach in 1963 (immediately prior to the rehabilitation work), in 1966, and in 1999. In the upstream section, the channel flows through a moraine deposit where bed material is coarser than the material of the outwash plain found in the downstream portion of the reach. Results indicate that fish habitat in 1999 was better than in 1963 but has deteriorated substantially since 1966. Pool area increased from 267 m2 to 625 m2 between 1963 and 1966, but has decreased to 488 m2 since then. Most of this deterioration, however, is concentrated in the morainic section. In the outwash plain, the deflectors are still in good condition, and the area occupied by pools has remained constant since 1966. In the morainic section, most structures are no longer efficient and the channel is unstable due to high bed-shear stress values, which entrain bed and bank erosion. Effective long-term rehabilitation schemes should therefore carefully consider the varying sensitivity of river reaches due to different geomorphic contexts.\n      </p>", "The long-term effects on marine fish populations of the recent increase worldwide in the incidence of coastal hypoxia are unknown. Here we show that chronic environmental exposure of Atlantic croaker (Micropogonias undulatus) to hypoxia in a Florida estuary caused marked suppression of ovarian and testicular growth which was accompanied by endocrine disruption. Laboratory hypoxia studies showed that the endocrine disruption was associated with impairment of reproductive neuroendocrine function and decreases in hypothalamic serotonin (5-HT) content and the activity of the 5-HT biosynthetic enzyme, tryptophan hydroxylase. Pharmacological restoration of hypothalamic 5-HT levels also restored neuroendocrine function, indicating that the stimulatory serotonergic neuroendocrine pathway is a major site of hypoxia-induced inhibition. Inhibition of tryptophan hydroxylase activity to downregulate reproductive activity could have evolved as an adaptive mechanism to survive periodic hypoxia, but in view of the recent increased incidence of coastal hypoxia could become maladaptive and potentially affect fish population abundance and threaten valuable fishery resources.\n      </p>", "Introduced trout have often been implicated in the decline of high-mountain amphibian populations, but few studies have attempted to understand whether fish stocking also influences the distribution and abundance of amphibians throughout entire mountain basins, including the remaining fishless lakes. We examined this relationship using the relative abundance of long-toed salamanders (Ambystoma macrodactylum) and Columbia spotted frogs (Rana luteiventris) in fish-containing and fishless lentic sites in basins with varying levels of historic fish stocking. All lentic waters were surveyed for fish and amphibians in 11 high-elevation basins in the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness, Idaho, between 1994 and 1999. We found introduced trout (Oncorhynchus clarki, O. mykiss, O. m. aguabonita) in 43 of the 101 sites, representing 90% of the total surface area of lentic water bodies available. At the scale of individual water bodies, after accounting for differences in habitat characteristics between fish-containing and fishless sites, the abundance of amphibians at all life stages was significantly lower in lakes with fish. At the basin scale, densities of overwintering life stages of amphibians were lower in the fishless sites of basins where more habitat was occupied by trout. Our results suggest that many of the remaining fishless habitats are too shallow to provide suitable breeding or overwintering sites for these amphibians and that current trout distributions may eventually result in the extirpation of amphibian populations from entire landscapes, including sites that remain in a fishless condition.\n      </p>", "Sediment-dwelling zoobenthos stimulate the mineralization of organic matter and alter nutrient cycling by aerating the sediment via burrows, by feeding on detritus, and by redistributing particles. Here we experimentally revealed that abundant benthic chironomids (Chironomus riparius) can perceive predatory fish (Rutilus rutilus) via chemical cues (kairomones) and spend less time foraging at the sediment surface and more time hiding in their burrows. This predator avoidance behavior significantly increased the exposure of freshly deposited organic particles to oxygen by reducing their burial to subsurface layers and by enhancing the aeration of subsurface layers via burrow ventilation, conditions that together increased the rate of organic matter mineralization. These results demonstrate that predatory fish can exert trait-mediated effects on benthic communities that in turn alter basic ecosystem processes related to nutrient cycling.\n      </p>", "The northeastern United States is influenced by the atmospheric deposition of mercury. Subsequent integration of methylmercury into aquatic food webs results in contamination levels in fish that are high enough to present health concerns for humans who consume fish. Resource and sampling limitations have hindered a comprehensive understanding of mercury in the environment and relative levels of methylmercury exposure. Because of these limitations, data collection should maximize the benefits of information gained through monitoring programs. In this article we review recent efforts to collect and integrate fish mercury data and offer suggestions to improve and focus future research and monitoring efforts to better address threats to human health. By selecting appropriate target species\u2014those species and sizes of fish harvested for consumption and those with the highest and most variable mercury concentrations in a given location\u2014health and fisheries professionals can more comprehensively advise fish consumers and protect human health.\n      </p>", "A method of salmon population estimation using acoustic echo counting is presented. A parametric fish depth distribution is assumed and large sample methods are used. Asymptotic results are obtained for sampling continuously in depth and also for sampling in discrete depth increments. First order corrections for unresolved targets are presented. The effect of variable acoustic scattering strengths of the fish is discussed briefly, but there are as yet insufficient data on which to base quantitative inferences of this effect.\n      </p>", "Tissues such as skin and muscle have a limited repertoire of morphological response to injury. The two most important phenomena that determine the outcome of cell injury appear to be a) critical cell membrane damage, with associated fluid and ionic imbalances; and b) inability of mitochondria, the powerhouse of the cell, to restart ATP synthesis. In fish, skin ulcers can have many different etiologies, including infectious agents, toxins, physical causes, immunologic causes, and nutritional and metabolic perturbations. This article is concerned primarily with the possible pathways of disease involved in ulcerative lesions of fish. In particular, the high prevalence of ulcerative lesions in Atlantic menhaden found along the mid-Atlantic coast, especially in North Carolina estuarine waters, has received much recent attention. These ulcerative lesions are likely to be initiated by a series of factors that lead ultimately to a breach of the normal barrier function of the skin. Bioassays that attempt to define the role of individual etiologic agents such as fungi (oomycetes) or putative Pfiesteria toxin(s) should recognize this multiplicity of factors and should include appropriate quality control measures for water quality parameters (temperature, dissolved oxygen, nitrogenous wastes, etc.) as well as bacterial and other contaminants that may confound bioassay results and their interpretation. Consideration of these factors along with the whole animal in the context of its environment can only advance the science, perhaps provide clues to the causative pathways of skin ulcers in fish, and give us keener insight into the health of the aquatic environment.\n      </p>", "An important goal of invasion biology is to identify physical and environmental characteristics that may make a region particularly receptive to invasions. The inland waters of California (USA) are highly invaded, particularly by fishes, although there is wide variation in numbers of nonnative fishes across the state's watersheds. Here we examine patterns of fish invasions in California watersheds and their associations with natural environmental characteristics, native fish diversity, and various measures of human habitat disturbance. Our analysis is based on an extensive data set on the distribution of freshwater fishes across California's watersheds and on GIS land-use coverages for the entire state. We used canonical correspondence analysis to examine associations between environmental characteristics and the distributions of both native and nonnative fish species. We then employed an information-theoretic model-selection approach to rank hypothesized models derived from the fish invasion literature with regard to how well they predicted numbers of nonnative fishes in California watersheds. Our results indicate that pervasive, anthropogenic, landscape-level changes (particularly the extent of urban development, small-scale water diversions, aqueducts, and agriculture) influenced spatial patterns of invasion. In addition, we find that deliberately stocked fishes have different habitat associations, including a strong association with the presence of dams, than other introduced fishes. In our analysis, watersheds with the most native species also contain the most nonnative species. We find no evidence that existing watershed protection helps to prevent fish invasions in California, but we suggest that restoration of natural hydrologic processes may reduce invasion impacts.\n      </p>", "A bioenergetics-based model was used to investigate the effects of temperature, growth and dietary exposure on methylmercury dynamics in walleye (Stizostedion vitreum) and yellow perch (Perca flavescens) from two lakes sampled in northwestern Ontario. Orange Lake was smaller, warmer, had slower fish growth and higher mercury concentrations in yearling yellow perch and walleye (three fold difference in 40 cm walleye) than Trout Lake. The model was applied to test the hypothesis that higher water temperatures in Orange Lake increased metabolic needs, food consumption and mercury uptake in fish. The effects of different growths rates in the lakes were also considered. Temperature/metabolic effects and growth effects on internal methylmercury dynamics in walleye and perch were predicted to occur but be of secondary importance. Different dietary exposure to methylmercury was likely the dominant source of variation in fish mercury concentrations between the two lakes.\n      </p>", "The 5S and the 18S-25S rRNA genes were physically mapped by fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) in all botanical varieties of cultivated peanut Arachis hypogaea {2n = 4x = 40), in the wild tetraploid A. monticola, and in seven wild diploid species considered as putative ancestors of the tetraploids. A detailed karyotype analysis including the FISH signals and the heterochromatic bands was carried out. Molecular cytogenetic landmarks are provided for the construction of a FISH-based karyotype in Arachis species. The size, number, and chromosome position of FISH signals and heterochromatic bands are similar in all A. hypogaea varieties and A. monticola, but vary among the diploid species. Genome constitution of the species is discussed and several chromosome homeologies are established. The bulk of the chromosome markers mapped, together with data on geographical distribution of the taxa, suggest that peanut originated upon domestication of A. monticola and evidence that the diploids A. duranensis and A. ipaensis are the most probable ancestors of both tetraploid species. Allopolyploidy could have arisen by a single event or, if by multiple events, always from the same diploid species.\n      </p>", "Demographic density dependence is essential for regulating population dynamics. For populations with multiple age or size cohorts, interactions between cohorts may be an important source of density dependence. Between-cohort interactions may be especially intense for many marine fish populations because of the potential disparity in competitive ability between small new recruits and relatively large resident conspecifics. Indeed, for marine fishes, density dependence in local populations appears to be widespread, particularly during a crucial time period following settlement of larvae into juvenile and adult habitats. I tested whether the demography of newly settled juveniles of the planktivorous fairy basslet (Gramma loreto) was affected by the density of adult conspecifics. Using spatially isolated local populations on coral reefs in the Bahamas, I experimentally transplanted a cohort of juveniles to local populations with three treatments of adult density: adults absent, average adult density, and high adult density (twice average). By following the fate of the transplanted juveniles, I determined that juvenile mortality increased as a function of adult density. Juveniles did not experience significantly higher rates of aggression or lower growth at higher densities of adults. However, in the presence of adults, juveniles generally fed at the back of aggregations, where feeding rates tend to be lower. Automated time-lapse video revealed that predators were found most frequently toward the back of aggregations. Thus competition with adults for prime feeding positions may increase predation risk for juveniles by forcing them to overlap spatially with predators. Consequently, interactions between juveniles and adults could influence the demography of subsequent generations in ways that promote local population regulation.\n      </p>", "Clear Lake, California, USA, receives acid mine drainage and mercury (Hg) from the Sulphur Bank Mercury Mine, a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA) Superfund Site that was active intermittently from 1873 to 1957 and partially remediated in 1992. Mercury concentrations were analyzed primarily in four species of Clear Lake fishes: inland silversides (Menidia beryllina, planktivore), common carp (Cyprinus carpio, benthic scavenger/omnivore), channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus, benthic omnivorous predator), and largemouth bass (Micropterus salmoides, piscivorous top predator). These data represent one of the largest fish Hg data sets for a single site, especially in California. Spatially, total Hg (TotHg) in silversides and bass declined with distance from the mine, indicating that the mine site represents a point source for Hg loading to Clear Lake. Temporally, fish Hg has not declined significantly over 12 years since mine site remediation. Mercury concentrations were variable throughout the study period, with no monotonic trends of increase or decrease, except those correlated with boom and bust cycles of an introduced fish, threadfin shad (Dorosoma petenense). However, stochastic events such as storms also influence juvenile largemouth bass Hg as evidenced during an acid mine drainage overflow event in 1995. Compared to other sites regionally and nationally, most fish in Clear Lake exhibit Hg concentrations similar to other Hg-contaminated sites, up to ~2.0 mg/kg wet mass (WM) TotHg in largemouth bass. However, even these elevated concentrations are less than would be anticipated from such high inorganic Hg loading to the lake. Mercury in some Clear Lake largemouth bass exceeded all human health fish consumption guidelines established over the past 25 years by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (1.0 mg/kg WM), the National Academy of Sciences (0.5 mg/kg WM), and the U.S. EPA (0.3 mg/kg WM). Mercury in higher trophic level fishes exceeds ecotoxicological risk assessment estimates for concentrations that would be safe for wildlife, specifically the nonlisted Common Merganser and the recently delisted Bald Eagle. Fish populations of 11 out of 18 species surveyed exhibited a significant decrease in abundance with increasing proximity to the mine; this decrease is correlated with increasing water and sediment Hg. These trends may be related to Hg or other lake-wide gradients such as distribution of submerged aquatic vegetation.\n      </p>", "We demonstrate here the existence of a range of size-independent reproductive tactics in teleostean fish involving the allocation of a size-dependent reproductive effort between fecundity and egg size. Despite considerable evidence that larger eggs and the larvae hatching from them are more likely to survive than smaller ones, we found no evidence of evolutionary trends towards greater egg sizes. Fish with pelagic eggs tend to spawn many, and therefore small, eggs, whereas demersal spawners tend to produce large, and therefore few, eggs. Maximizing egg number should increase the number of eggs hatching in suitable locations in the patchy pelagic environment and, hence, increase the reproductive success of pelagic spawners. On the other hand, the reproductive success of demersal spawners, which reduce the variance in growing conditions experienced by the off spring, should be more dependent on the survival of the individual larvae, which increases as egg size increases.\n      </p>"], "words": {"limited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "controversial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "skin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "partial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poorly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sulfate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "answered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "include": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "downstream": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "condition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alpine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "biological": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "perceptual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ten": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mediterranean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "japanese": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rivers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feasibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "second": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "acid": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "established": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organisms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cell": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fishless": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "movement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "commercial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "here": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "water": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "reported": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deposition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "excess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "great": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biodiversity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "larger": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exceptionally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "published": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contaminants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "family": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scales": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "africa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archaeological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inorganic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "total": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "from": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "figure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumption": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 33, "prob": 0.0002732817410531285}, "distinct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "next": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "live": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prey": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "soil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eagles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "injury": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "type": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opposing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "must": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impacts": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "predict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 35, "prob": 0.0002898442708139241}, "agent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "purchased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "native": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "influenced": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monitoring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immune": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "toxic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widespread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deforestation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "response": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "a": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "natural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "african": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "order": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "chicks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolutionary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "september": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tropics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insight": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produced": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "introductions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "through": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "nitrogen": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "existence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "still": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recreational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "absence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "degrees": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "richness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "males": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predator": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "faunal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documented": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hearing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maintaining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "magnitude": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fitness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crossing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acoustic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "coastal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fish": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "reduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "laboratory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sexual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "buffers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "living": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "space": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "research": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "adaptive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanisms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "surveys": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "california": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marine": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "river": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "organic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ritual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "length": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "baltic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mimetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "americans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planktonic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "invasion": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "implicated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "array": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mercury": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "little": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "management": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "introduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caught": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "rates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hundred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elaboration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mostly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "tool": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discover": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advocated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "july": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "population": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "linking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "structure,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "silage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "are": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "and": {"number": 38, "prob": 0.0003146880654551176}, "enforced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seabirds": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "substantial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functioning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "majority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extirpation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "performance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "channel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "electric": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "invasions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "america": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chemistry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clear": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organisms,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "healthy,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anthropogenic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aquatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stream": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "random": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foraging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ratio": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parameters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implementation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "areas,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "california,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biogeochemical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "michigan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morphological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cannot": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "closely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "areas": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "h": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sustainable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "freshwater": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sediment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "honesty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "humans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relative": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "culture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "migration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "threats": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsequent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colours": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "variability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "ability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "southeast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "behaviour": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sediments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "region": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "streams": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "invasive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trunk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "adaptation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applicability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prominent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "throughout": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fishery": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "create": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "tropical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reduction": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ireland": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ph": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "restrictions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "repertoire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fibroblast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "atmospheric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "britain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigating": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "balance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "predation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vulnerability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coupled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "riparian": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "characteristics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "is": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "thus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "site": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "middle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "key,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystems,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "specialization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elevated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "potentially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nonnative": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "composition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evolve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "phenomenon,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dust": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "seagrass": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weakly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forceful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "without": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 87, "prob": 0.0007204700445946114}, "paradigm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reefs": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "taxa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domestic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "web": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assemblages": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "density": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lake": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "signals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "northeastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "demands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "survival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "objective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "using": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "muscle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modifications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cognitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "malignancy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anthropology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drainage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "essential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "twelve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecology": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "often": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "habitat": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lake,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "export": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "bottom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "avoid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extensively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "genotypes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "biology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marketing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lakes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "on": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "about": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 86, "prob": 0.0007121887797142135}, "coral": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "dependence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognized": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ensure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "fish,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "into": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primarily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outbreaks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "systems,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "var": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "naturally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "but": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "construction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "atlantic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intoxication": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reef": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "delta": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "convergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "line": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "eat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproductive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cells": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stages": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "juvenile": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "later": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tissues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "as": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "diverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benthic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "melanoma": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variety": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "branch": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mass": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "worldwide,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immunity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ecological": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "important": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "studied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "land": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "age": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fresh": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requires": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "wastewater": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}