{"total_words": 1282, "documents": ["This article traces the political behavior intentions of \"satisfied democrats,\" \"dissatisfied democrats,\" and \"non-democrats\" in West and East Germany. Dissatisfaction is most commonly expressed in support for the loyal opposition, with some minor tilt toward parties of the ends of the spectrum. Non-democrats, a very small percentage of the populace, more commonly express their disapproval through withdrawal rather than through active extremism. Based on a 1997 general population survey, the analysis reveals some differences in the magnitude of western versus eastern conceptions of the elements that make up \"democracy.\" But most of those differences get channeled into seemingly benign forms of political participation. The core of the findings is that dissatisfaction with democracy may well be a healthy stimulant rather than a threat to the vitality of either established or emerging democracies. /// Les auteurs comparent l'\u00e9volution des intentions de comportement politique de trois cat\u00e9gories de sujets--d\u00e9mocrates satisfaits, d\u00e9mocrates insatisfaits, et non d\u00e9mocrates--en Allemagne de l'est et en Allemagne de l'ouest. L'insatisfaction s'exprime le plus souvent par le soutien au parti d'opposition officiel. Les non d\u00e9mocrates, qui constituent une tr\u00e8s faible proportion de la population, expriment leur insatisfaction, dans la tr\u00e8s grande majorit\u00e9 des cas, par la simple abstention. L'\u00e9tude, bas\u00e9e sur un sondage de 1997, r\u00e9v\u00e8le, qu'entre l'est et l'ouest du pays, on enregistre quelques diff\u00e9rences de perception de ce que signifie la d\u00e9mocratie, mais que ces diff\u00e9rences n'ont que peu d'effet sur la participation politique. L'insatisfaction peut fort bien servir d'aiguillon plut\u00f4t que de menace \u00e0 une d\u00e9mocratie, qu'elle soit \u00e9mergente ou bien \u00e9tablie.\n      </p>", "Studies comparing respiratory health of residents in the areas of former East and West Germany have shown higher rates of asthma and allergies in children and young adults in former West Germany. It has been speculated that some factors associated with western lifestyle may be related to higher rates of atopic diseases among residents of former West Germany. We examined if the prevalence rates of self-reported asthma and nasal allergies in adults converged between the areas of former East and West Germany five years after re-unification. During the years 1990-1992 and 1994-1995 two independently drawn random samples of more than 3,000 subjects between the ages of 20 to 44 years answered a screening questionnaire of the European Community Respiratory Health Survey in Erfurt (East Germany) and in Hamburg (West Germany). The prevalence rates of asthma attacks, asthma medication use, allergic rhinitis, and wheezing remained stable in Hamburg but increased significantly in Erfurt approaching those of Hamburg. The data indicate that there is a tendency for the prevalence rates of self-reported allergic rhinitis and asthma-related respiratory symptoms in the eastern part of Germany to increase to West-German levels. It is not yet clear if this is due to a true increase in morbidity or only to a higher awareness for these diseases among doctors and the public.\n      </p>", "Retirement is an inevitable rite of passage. Retirees draw income from savings, pensions, and perhaps benefits from state welfare systems. Their economically productive years behind them, older workers become an important component in an interesting social indicator--the dependency ratio, (Dr). The Dr measures not only the social significance the elderly have in society, but also the potential economic burden placed on productive workers. Problems may arise that ratchet up the dependency ratio and create important policy dilemmas. In Germany, a larger and increasing Dr points toward future social problems. The dependency ratio is an aggregate measure that masks a considerable amount of variation. Two issues related to the dependency ratio have not been addressed at length. The dependency ratio is related to the labor force via the denominator; it might be important to recognize that certain segments of the labor force are disproportionately burdened. Identifying those segments of workers can better inform decision makers about what policies to implement in addressing the dilemmas reflected in a high dependency ratio. The dependency ratio is also related to worker productivity--the greater the worker productivity, the less of an issue is the dependency ratio, regardless of its size. At bottom, the issue is whether those in the labor force are able to support the retired population. This paper examines the relationships between workers, productivity, and the dependency ratio. It concludes by providing some policy recommendations.\n      </p>", "This article proposes a novel mapping of the complex relationship between business ethics and regulation, by suggesting five distinct ways in which business ethics and regulation may intersect. The framework is applied to a comparative case study of business responses to climate change regulation in Canada and Germany, both signatories to the Kyoto Protocol. Both countries represent distinctly different approaches which yield significant lessons for emerging economies. We also analyze the specific role of large multinational corporations in this process.\n      </p>", "Over the past decades, different Mediterranean countries have sent considerable numbers of workers to the EU area, generating sizable amounts of foreign exchange receipts through the remittances these guest workers have transferred back home. In some instances, however, the share of remittances in foreign exchange receipts has risen so high as to cause concern for policymakers, as they imply potentially serious effects on macroeconomic balances following sudden drops or jumps in remittances. Despite the importance of implications of the volatility of remittance receipts, the current literature severely lacks thorough investigations into the sources of this volatility. This paper aims to help fill this gap in the literature by documenting some key business cycle properties of workers' remittances received by the Turkish economy. More specifically, the paper investigates whether there is a relationship between the amount of remittances sent to Turkey by the large number of Turkish workers living and working in Germany, and up- and downswings that Turkish and German economies experience. For this purpose, regularities between fluctuations in the national outputs of respective economies and remittance flows to Turkey are analyzed by using time series data, and implications of results for the Turkish economy are discussed.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates whether and how regional social contexts influence fertility decisions of women living in western Germany during the 1980s and 1990s. It is argued that regional opportunity structures as well as local patterns of social interaction and culture may translate into parameters that directly affect individual behaviour. Data from the German Socio-Economic Panel (GSOEP) are linked with a set of regional indicators to estimate multilevel discrete-time logit models for the transition to the first and second child. The empirical analysis provides no evidence that fertility differentials observed at the regional level are due to autonomous contextual effects. Rather, it is suggested that most of the observed regional variation results from differences in the spatial distribution of individual characteristics. /// Cet article analyse dans quelle mesure et comment les contextes socio-r\u00e9gionaux ont pes\u00e9 sur les d\u00e9cisions de f\u00e9condit\u00e9 des femmes vivant en Allemagne de l'ouest dans les ann\u00e9es 1980 et 1990. Ainsi, l'offre r\u00e9gionale en services ainsi que les syst\u00e8mes locaux d'interaction sociale ou les mod\u00e8les culturels peuvent peser sur des facteurs qui influencent directement les comportements individuels. Les donn\u00e9es du panel socio \u00e9conomique allemand (GSOEP) coupl\u00e9es \u00e0 une s\u00e9rie d'indicateurs r\u00e9gionaux ont servi \u00e0 l'estimation de mod\u00e8les logistiques multi-niveaux pour expliquer le passage \u00e0 un premier ou \u00e0 un deuxi\u00e8me enfant. Les analyses empiriques n'apportent pas la preuve que les diff\u00e9rences r\u00e9gionales de f\u00e9condit\u00e9 soient dus \u00e0 des effets contextuels autonomes. Au contraire, il semble que la plupart des variations r\u00e9gionales observ\u00e9es tiennent \u00e0 des diff\u00e9rences dans la distribution spatiale des caract\u00e9ristiques individuelles.\n      </p>", "This study compares cancer mortality and incidence of ethnic German migrants from the Former Soviet Union (FSU) in Germany. Data were obtained from two migrant cohorts residing in the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) (n = 34,393) and Saarland (n = 18,619). Vital status of the NRW cohort was ascertained through local population registries. Causes of death were obtained from the NRW statistical office or from local health offices. Cancer incidence of the Saarland cohort was derived from the Saarland cancer registry using record linkage. From 1990 to 2005, we observed 708 cancer deaths and 586 incident cancer cases. In males, both cancer incidence and cancer mortality were similar to the German population. Female cancer incidence and mortality were lower, the latter significantly. Site-specific standardized mortality and incidence ratios showed great variation in comparison to Germans and were remarkably similar to each other for most sites. Lung cancer was elevated among males, but lower among females. Stomach cancer was higher contrasting with lower ratios for prostate cancer, male colorectal cancer, and female breast cancer. Results confirm that FSU-migrants suffer from cancers, which may be prevented by prevention programs. Furthermore, we cannot conclude a different health-seeking behavior compared to Germans.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the cyclical interactions between the remittances of Turkish workers in Germany and output in both Turkey and Germany. Our analysis introduces a new data set covering 1962 to 2004, never used before in the research literature and considered to be a more reliable source than the data sets used in other studies. By dividing the original sample into recruitment, family reunification, and naturalization periods, we show that the duration of migrants' stay in the host country affects the direction and strength of the relation between remittances and the host and home countries' business cycles.\n      </p>", "Contrasting systems of corporate governance persist internationally but are subject to regulatory and firm-level institutional change. Such changes may be viewed as organisational innovations, often imported from the USA in the face of different national cultures. This paper analyses the implications of national culture for the translation of innovations, and provides case study illustrations of regulatory and firm-level governance changes experienced in Germany. These illustrations demonstrate that the diffusion of both kinds of change has been subject to substantial translation that is consistent with German national culture.\n      </p>", "In East Germany ambient air pollution is characterized by high concentrations of sulfur dioxide ( SO2) and suspended particulates (SP). Since acidity and sulfate are surprisingly low, oxidation of SO2 seems to be incomplete and neutralization seems to play an important role. Few studies on health effects of air pollution in the former German Democratic Republic have been performed. They showed an increased prevalence in polluted areas of respiratory symptoms, lung function decrement, mild anemia, nonspecific stimulation of the immune system and, retardation of skeletal maturation of children. Since the German unification in 1990, several large-scale studies have been started. Short-term effects of air pollution on daily mortality have been investigated in Erfurt retrospectively for 1980 to 1989. Logarithmic exposure-effect curves have been found for both SO2 and SP. The number of deaths increased by about 10% with SO2 and by more than 20% with SP if the 95th percentile of the pollutant is compared to the 5th percentile. The logarithmic shape shows that the increase of ambient concentrations at the beginning of the heating season in fall is more important than further increases in concentrations later in winter. A second study on short-term effects was conducted using daily peak flow measurements and respiratory symptoms in 270 patients with asthma and other obstructive airway diseases in East Germany and the Czech Republic between 1990 and 1992. From regression analysis it follows that an increase by 500 \u03bc g/ m3 of SO2 leads to a mean decrease of the average patient's peak flow below 2%. Three cross-sectional studies are in progress to compare the existing respiratory health status in East and West Germany. They consider about 9000 adults (20-44 years of age), 9000 school children (9-11 years of age) and 10,000 preschool children (age 6). Analysis is ongoing. Preliminary analyses show that respiratory symptoms like bronchitis, tonsillitis, recurrent colds, and chronic cough are reported more often in East than in West Germany. In contrast, prevalence of asthma, wheezing, hayfever, bronchial hyperresponsiveness and positive skin tests for common allergies is higher in West Germany. Total IgE (but not specific IgE) is clearly elevated in East Germany. To summarize the results, respiratory symptoms, lung function decrement and daily mortality are compatible with a possible influence of the \"classical pollutants\" SO2 and SP. For asthma prevalence and atopic reactions other risk factors seem to be more relevant. Total IgE in East Germany seems to be related to crowded homes and may reflect specific chains of reinfection. It should be of interest to follow the rapidly changing composition of ambient air (less SO2 and particulates and more NO2 and other automobile emissions) as well as improved insulation of homes to observe their effects on the health status of the East German population in the future.\n      </p>", "One consequence of the reunification of Germany in 1990 has been claims for the restitution of more than 2.5 million pieces of property confiscated by either the Third Reich or the government of former East Germany. The claims pose a huge legal and administrative challenge for the new German nation and have far-reaching implications for the social and economic fabric of the country. This paper examines the nature and scale of the restitution claims and the ways in which they have been settled in the five new German Lander (federal states) and Berlin. It reveals a picture of considerable progress overall, but with substantial variations among the states.\n      </p>", "Despite the widespread distribution of Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection and the ongoing controversy about HBV immunization, surprisingly few published studies examined in detail the economic impact of HBV infection in Europe. Therefore, we investigated a cohort of 180 patients throughout Germany to evaluate the economic burden of HBV-associated disease. In 58 patients with acute and 122 patients with chronic HBV infection, cost-consuming events including direct medical costs and work-loss costs were documented. The direct costs were DM 7702 (95% confidence interval (CI): 5473-9931) for each acute HBV infection and DM 4247 (CI: 1601-6893) per patient-year of chronic HBV infection, with marked differences between different stages of HBV disease. The derived overall costs (1997 price levels) per year were DM 10,018 (CI: 7613-12,421) and DM 4860 (CI: 2185-7536), respectively. Based on crude population-based estimates (30,000 acute and 420,000 chronic HBV cases), we calculated the total HBV-related costs in Germany to exceed DM 1200 millions in 1997 (CI: 924.2-1536.7), with the treatment of patients with chronic active HBV disease as the major cost determinant. Previously published data from Germany probably overestimated the financial impact of acute HBV infection. In summary, our results illustrate the ongoing economic importance of this potentially life-threatening, but preventable disease and support the call for more accurate HBV surveillance and control in Germany.\n      </p>", "The historic lines of development of psychological peace research (PPR) in West and East Germany from the fifties to the present are briefly outlined. In the '50s peace research was closely tied to ideology in both German states. From the late '60s to the late '70s these ties loosened. In West Germany peace research flourished somewhat, but psychological peace research continued to lead a shadowy existence. In East Germany psychological phenomena in politics became of interest, but an autonomous PPR did not yet exist. In the early '80s, activities of the peace movement sparked PPR in both Germanies. Since unification, PPR in Germany has had two central objectives, namely, the psychological analysis of global crises in general, and the study of enemy images in the framework of psychological conversion research, but these foci may shift as a result of the Gulf War.\n      </p>", "One result of the revitalised literature on political business cycles is that there are signs in German data that elections and ideology have an impact. However, using monthly data for the period 1950-1989, and standard methods of time series analysis, we reject both the Nordhaus hypothesis of opportunistic cycles and the partisan approaches by Hibbs and Alesina. We show that some results are sensitive to the assumption of stationarity. There are signs of policy cycles in Ml1. It is hard, though, to bring this in line with the Rogoff hypothesis of rational opportunistic cycles because of the German institutional setting.\n      </p>", "The establishment of two separate German states in 1949 had far-reaching effects on German national identity. Initially, both governments claimed to represent the German nation as a whole, and each professed an identity that went beyond its state borders. When the two German states started to recognize each other in the early 1970s, the GDR (East Germany) embarked on a separate path and posited that a separate Socialist nation had developed in the territorial confines of the GDR. Now the GDR needed to explain how its construction of identity could be unique when it had the same German cultural roots as the FRG (West Germany). In the FRG on the other hand, the narration of national identity had to square the recognition of the eastern border of the GDR in international treaties and with demands to former German territories beyond it. The paper addresses these challenges over territory and identity in the two German states, using a conceptual framework inspired by works from critical geopolitics and recent studies on nations as local metaphors. I identify and discuss three key elements that are central to territorial strategies in the construction of national identities: territorial differentiation, territorial bonding, and territorial script. Next, I apply these elements to an empirical analysis of identity construction in the FRG and GDR. Sources include geography textbooks and atlases, which have a decisive influence on shaping conceptions of the nation. Dominant constructions of national identity in the two states did not respond to each other's initiatives and failed to produce effective strategies by the end of the 1970s.\n      </p>", "German unification immediately exposed and quickly accentuated the economic gulf that had developed between the separate territories of the FRG and GDR during the Cold War era. Today, within 'einiges Deutschland', the immense prosperity divide overshadows all previous regional cleavages including the north-south economic 'descent' in the West and the contrasting urban and rural lifestyles in the East. It dominates the geography of Germany's unified space and poses an enormous challenge to policymakers. This paper examines the principal responses to this challenge, emphasizing the spectacular quantity of government-promoted infrastructure modernization in the new L\u00e4nder, extension of Federal and EC systems of special regional assistance, and the crucial role of the Treuhand industrial restructuring agency. Illustration of post-unification regional and sub-regional economic trends is still subject to the limited range of trustworthy data available for the new L\u00e4nder; but reliable area statistics on population migration, population development and unemployment rates do permit geographical representation of three key indicators. The paper concludes by discussing predictable longer-term effects, focusing on the salient issues of impacts of industrial restructuring in eastern Germany, the 'new centrality' of the former west-east borderlands, and competition amongst an extended system of urban agglomerations.\n      </p>", "A fundamental aspect of the German health insurance system is the principle of solidarity. At the same time, it is possible for certain socio-economic groups to opt out of the otherwise compulsory system. To determine whether rates incorporating deductibles are compatible with the principles of solidarity and have the ability to heighten the appeal of statutory health insurance (SHI) funds compared with private health insurance companies, Germany's third largest SHI fund, Techniker Krankenkasse, implemented a pilot scheme involving the use of deductibles. Preliminary scientific evaluations of the pilot scheme indicate three main results for these deductibles: Firstly, they are compatible with the principles of solidarity in the statutory health insurance system; secondly, they provide an effective means of preventing defection to private health insurance companies and thirdly, they reduced the volume of insurance claims (moral hazard).\n      </p>", "According to Andreas Predohl, West Germany's economy can prosper only as an integral part of the west European industrial core area; regional economic integration, he contends, must take precedence over a multilateral, nondiscriminatory reduction of trade barriers. This thesis is tested by examining the impact of the OEEC, EPU, ECSC, and EEC on West Germany's post-World War II economic recovery and growth. The OEEC and EPU opened the way for Western Europe's participation in the world economy and promoted the economic growth of member countries when postwar attempts to restore multilateral trade had failed. Since the late 1950s, when the major European currencies became convertible, a multilateral trade liberalization would have been more advantageous than Western European regional integration, but the limited regional reduction of trade barriers was preferable to no trade liberalization at all.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates the role of women's residential district in the process of family formation in western Germany during the 1980s and 1990s. Our analysis of the transition to first marriage and motherhood is based on the German Socio-Economic Panel (GSOEP), which we merge with a rich set of district-level data. The estimated multilevel discrete-time logit models suggest that (1) basically all regional heterogeneity in women's entry into parenthood is due to differences in the respondents' marital status, while there is (2) a constant and significant regional variation in women's first marriage probabilities, which cannot be explained by population composition or by structural contextual effects. Thus, regional influences on fertility behavior do not have an autonomous quality, but are merely mediated through a latent contextual effect on women's risk of entering first marriage, which we attribute to regional socio-cultural milieus.\n      </p>", "Background: During 1990-1991 a childhood leukemia cluster was observed in the sparsely populated region surrounding two nuclear establishments southeast of Hamburg, Germany. Since then, several new cases have been reported. Recently a possible accidental release of radionuclides in 1986 was hypothesized. Objective: The objective of this study was to analyze the childhood leukemia incidence in this area since 1990. Methods: All incident cases (&lt; 15 years of age) were ascertained during 1990-2005 within a 5-km radius of the Kriimmel nuclear power plant. We derived standardized incidence ratios (SIRs) using county and national leukemia incidence rates as referents. We stratified analyses by calendar period and attained age, and by subdividing the study region into areas north versus south of the Elbe river. Results: Fourteen cases were ascertained in the study area, whereas 4.0 were expected based on national referent rates [1990-2005: SIR = 3.5; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.9-5.9]. The excess was not confined to the early 1990s; for the more recent time period 1999-2005, the SIR is still elevated (SIR = 2.7; 95% CI, 0.9-6.2). SIRs of greatest magnitude were observed for children 0-4 years of age (SIR = 4.9; 95% CI, 2.4-9.0) and for residents south of the Elbe (SIR = 7.5; 95% CI, 2.8-16.4). Conclusions: The incidence in this region is significantly higher than the childhood leukemia incidence for Germany as a whole. To date, no unique hazards have been identified in this population. The fact that the elevated rates have persisted in this community for &gt; 15 years warrants further investigation.\n      </p>", "Like other Eastern European countries, East Germany experienced a rapid decline in period fertility rates after the fall of communism. This decline has been discussed along the lines of a 'crisis' and an 'adaptation' to western demographic patterns. The aim of this paper is twofold. Firstly, we discuss the factors which foster and hamper a convergence of fertility behaviour in East and West Germany. Secondly, we use data from the German micro-census to analyse the fertility patterns of the cohorts born 1961-1970. The main result of our empirical analysis is that East Germans who were still childless at the time of unification are quicker to have their first child in the subsequent years than comparable West Germans. However, regarding second parity births, the pattern reverses. Here, East Germans display a lower transition rate than their counterparts in the West. /// Comme les autres pays d'Europe de l'est, l'Allemagne de l'est a connu, apr\u00e8s la chute du communisme, une baisse rapide des taux de f\u00e9condit\u00e9 du moment. Cette baisse a \u00e9t\u00e9 tour \u00e0 tour mise sur le compte d'une crise ou d'une adaptation au sch\u00e9ma d\u00e9mographique de l'ouest. Cet article a un double propos. D'une part, nous y discutons les facteurs qui jouent en faveur ou en d\u00e9faveur de la convergence des comportements de f\u00e9condit\u00e9 entre l'ouest et l'est de l'Allemagne. D'autre part, nous utilisons les donn\u00e9es du micro-recensement allemand pour analyser les profils de f\u00e9condit\u00e9 des g\u00e9n\u00e9rations n\u00e9es entre 1961 et 1970. L'analyse empirique montre principalement que les Allemandes de l'est qui \u00e9taient encore sans enfants au moment de la r\u00e9unification ont donn\u00e9 ensuite naissance \u00e0 un premier enfant plus rapidement que les Allemandes de l'ouest. Cependant, si l'on consid\u00e8re les deuxi\u00e8mes naissances, le sch\u00e9ma s'inverse. Ce sont les Allemandes de l'ouest qui ont un taux de transition plus \u00e9lev\u00e9 que leurs homologues de l'est.\n      </p>", "German economic power in Europe is uncontested. What is contested are its effects on Germany's neighbors. Accompanying the obvious benefits that accrue to Europe from German economic might are also potential disadvantages, particularly that of dependence. Data on Germany's relationship with countries in both East and West Europe shed light on this issue. This study suggests that the benefits outweigh any associated costs, thus rendering Germany a benign hegemon.\n      </p>", "Morphological features of spores and sporocarps of Glomus coronatum (Glomales, Zygomycetes) collected in Poland and Germany are described and illustrated. This arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus has so far been reported only in Italy. In Poland G. coronatum was found in 17 of the over 500 soil samples examined. Of the six soils originating from Germany, two contained spores of this fungus. Specimens from both Poland and Germany, when compared with those originally described, have smaller spores with a narrower and more variably shaped subtending hypha.\n      </p>", "This essay explores the connections between geopolitics and political conservatism. The introductory argument is that geopolitics historically has been appealing and useful for two very different expressions of conservatism: one which aims to preserve the political geography of the existing international status quo and one which seeks to transcend it and establish a new international order. Through an examination of the 'renaissance' of a conservative geopolitics in Germany, the essay considers how this particular pattern is reproduced in the present day. Although this conservative geopolitics operates for the most part at the fringes of political discourses in Germany, it does have a more specific significance for nationalist-conservative perspectives and those of the 'New Right', both in Germany and elsewhere.\n      </p>", "Between 1989 and 1994, the birth rate in Eastern Germany (the former German Democratic Republic) fell from 12.0 to 5.1 per 1,000, while fertility in the West remained stable at around 11.0 per 1,000. In addition, marriage rates in the East have been cut in half. The social and economic conditions surrounding marriage and parenthood have changed significantly since 1989 in post-socialist East Germany (e.g., higher unemployment and less generous family policies). Using a gender perspective, I argue that in the insecure economic times following German unification, East German women are likely to regard the responsibility of getting married and raising children as a risky, long-term commitment they are reluctant to enter. Evidence from various data sources shows that since 1989 changes in the nature of employment and reductions in state support for family leave, child care, and abortion have contributed to declining marriage and birth rates in the new German states.\n      </p>", "Migrant mortality in Europe was found to be lower than mortality of host populations. In Germany, residents with migrant background constitute nearly one tenth of the population aged 65+ with about 40% of them being foreigners. The German Pension Scheme follows vital status of pensioners very accurately. Mortality re-estimation reveals two-fold underestimation of mortality of foreigners due to biased death numerator and population denominator.\n      </p>", "Varicella (chickenpox) has traditionally been regarded as a benign, inevitable disease of childhood. In Germany information on the clinical and economic impact of varicella is limited. This study assessed the health risks and economic burden of varicella with a special focus on the relevance of complications as a cost driver. We used an age-structured, dynamic infectious disease model for the spread of infection in the German population combined with a module modeling the course of disease and medical management in the case of infection. Model input data were derived mainly from a retrospective epidemiological survey of 1,334 varicella cases in Germany. This survey included detailed information on outpatient care, complications, inpatient treatment, and sick leave. In the base case analysis the model predicted approx. 740,000 varicella cases per year. Some 40,000 experienced complications, of which 5,700 required inpatient care. Total annual costs for payers, i.e., sickness funds, was \u20ac 78 million, the largest portion of which was due to the significant coverage of work loss costs incurred by parents caring for their sick children (\"Kinderpflegekrankengeld\"). For the society total annual costs were \u20ac 187.5 million, 82% of which was indirect. Complications account for disproportionate 32% (25%) of cost from the payers' (societal) perspective. However, the vast majority of costs are due to uncomplicated cases. The burden of varicella in Germany is thus significant, not only in terms of morbidity but also from an economic viewpoint. Vaccination strategies targeting groups with high risk of complications might fail to reduce the considerable burden of varicella substantially. Routine vaccination against varicella would be a meaningful measure to reduce the burden of VZV infection in Germany.\n      </p>", "This paper explains individual start-up activities on the basis of both person-related characteristics and the regional context. The analysis is based upon micro data from the GEM adult population survey. Both individual and regional variables have an influence on the decision to become self-employed. There are considerable differences between nascent opportunity entrepreneurship and nascent necessity entrepreneurship. Whereas the results for opportunity entrepreneurship are in line with theoretical predictions the factors influencing necessity entrepreneurship are far more difficult to determine. The most significant change between 2001 and 2003/2004 is the reversal of the influence of a change in the regional rate of unemployment on nascent entrepreneurship activities.\n      </p>", "In Germany since 1980, more than 300 clinical studies have been carried out with standardized phytopharmaceuticals, including Crataegus, Silybum, Ginkgo, Hypericum, Sabal, Urtica, Kava-Kava, Allium sativum, Valeriana, Aesculus, Echinacea, and Viscum drugs. These studies assessed the efficacy of phytopharmaceuticals for the treatment of moderate or moderately severe diseases and prevention. Several comparative clinical trials showed that these phytopharmaceuticals had full therapeutic equivalence with chemotherapeutics and had the simultaneus advantage of being devoid of any adverse effects. The mechanism of action of herbal drugs and their extract preparations, which differ in many respects from that of synthetic drugs or mono substances, can be characterized as a polyvalent action and interpreted as additive or, in some cases, potentiating. Currently, a rationale for the observed reversal effects and optimal effects with very low doses after a long-term application has not been developed, but is under investigation by systematic research at the molecular level.\n      </p>", "A bargaining model of EC agricultural policy formation is formulated. The model allows for more explicit consideration of political factors than is possible in standard political economy models. It shows how the political system in Germany has increased the power of German farm interests relative to farm interests elsewhere in the EC. The paper recognizes CAP negotiations are an on-going process. Results of the previous bargaining round form the basis for the current round and give momentum to price changes. Understanding this momentum provides insight into the fluctuating price supports that have characterized the CAP.\n      </p>", "We study the interrelationships between union-formation forms and fertility in Swedish and West German female cohorts born in 1949-1971. We apply simultaneous hazard models, permitting the presence of correlated unobserved heterogeneity. This method allows us to control for country-specific composition of the population with respect to several socio-economic variables, as well as with respect to unobserved factors jointly affecting childbearing and union formation behavior. Our results confirm that partnership formation and the transition to parenthood are partially interchangeable. Net of those selection effects, we find that the impact of being in a union on first birth is higher in Sweden than in Germany, in particular for cohabitation.\n      </p>", "The availability of public day care is often assumed to be crucial to the compatibility of childrearing and women's employment. This article takes a multilevel perspective in investigating the role of child care in childbearing decisions in western Germany. Using information on the local supply of public day care and data from the German Socio-Economic Panel, we estimated first and second birth risks from the 1980s and 1990s. We found that access to informal care arrangements increases the probability of entering parenthood, but we did not find any statistically significant effect of the public day care provision on fertility. This result points to shortcomings in the institutional setup of the German day care (and welfare) regime and to potentially relevant unobserved dimensions of child care.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the relevance of fashion photography as a source for the study of women's modernity in Germany between the wars as it focuses on the work of a fascinating and prolific professional photographer of the late 1920s and early 1930s-Else Neul\u00e4nder Simon-known by her artistic name Yva. Yva discovered her own unique visual language somewhere between the commercial clich\u00e9s and the modernist idioms of her time. As a successful professional photographer, she continuously searched for an image of the woman in fashion and advertisement photography that was not reductive and degrading. In an era when images of the woman as a sexual symbol were dominating mass media and were proven to attract customers, Yva positioned her photographed female model in a way that did not diminish her to a mere eye-catcher for the male spectator.\n      </p>", "Drug provision within the German statutory health insurance system has undergone several reforms, including the introduction of drug macrobudgets in 1993. The objective of this study was to investigate the extent to which statutorily (SHI) and fully privately (PHI) health-insured patients were provided with new medication recommended by professional bodies in an equitable fashion using the example of migraine patients. We conducted a retrospective cohort study. Setting: A total of 367 primary-care practices (MediPlus, IMS Health) in Germany in the second year of the HealthCare Structural Reform Act were studied. Subjected consisted of 7703 SHI and 470 PHI migraineurs (International Classification of Diseases, 10th edition G43) aged 18 to 65 years at their first migraine prescription visit in 1994. We compared prescription of oral or subcutaneous serotonin 5HTIB/lD receptor agonist sumatriptan with nonserotoninergic migraine therapy. In multiplicative risk regression with variance estimation accounting for clustering of patients within practices, PHI patients were 2.3 times (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.6-3.3) more likely to receive sumatriptan than their SHI counterparts at the mean age of the cohorts (43 years) adjusted for incident versus prevalent migraine treatment, the gender of the patient, the age, gender, and primary care specialist group of the physician, and the type and the community size class of the practice. This disparity widened by 38% (95% CI, 1-88%) every 10 years of patient age. Even though virtually everyone in Germany has health insurance and drug coverage, use of new and recommended migraine medicines was less common among those with SHI compared with their privately insured counterparts. Systematic studies of access to health care recommended by professional bodies will be critically important to ensure delivery of high-quality health care for all patients.\n      </p>", "We investigated the cost-effectiveness of escitalopram (10 mg daily dose) vs. venlafaxine XR (75 mg daily dose) in a German outpatient setting for the treatment of unipolar depression (MADRS score 20-34) over a period of 70 days. To assess the cost effectiveness of the two substances we combined data from physician's surveys and clinical response data; cost-effectiveness was calculated using a Markov model. In a second step we considered the therapeutic decisions of the attending physicians. Cost-effectiveness was indicated as costs per successfully treated patient. Escitalopram demonstrated a more favorable cost-effectiveness ratio than venlafaxine XR. The analysis of treatment patterns showed that attending physicians intervene fairly early if the chosen therapy is ineffective. Additional costs for the use of venlafaxine XR over those of escitalopram were estimated from \u20ac7,446 to \u20ac9.836 per successfully treated per patient. Hence escitalopram may be a cost-effective alternative to venlafaxine XR in outpatient care setting in Germany.\n      </p>", "Background. Previous research on air pollution effects has found associations with chronic adverse health effects even at the relatively low levels of ambient particulates currently measured in most urban areas. Methods. We assessed the impact of declines of total suspended particulates and sulfur dioxide in eastern Germany after reunification on the prevalence of nonallergic respiratory disorders in children. In the 1990s, particle mass (total suspended particulates) and sulfur dioxide declined, whereas number concentrations of nucleation-mode particles (10-30 nm) increased. In three study areas, questionnaires for 7,632 children between 5 and 14 years of age were collected in three phases: 1992-1993, 1995-1996, and 1998-1999. Results. Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for a 50-\u03bc g/ m3 increment in total suspended particulates were 3.0 (CI = 1.7-5.3) for bronchitis, 2.6 (CI = 1.0-6.6) for sinusitis, and 1.9 (CI = 1.2-3.1) for frequent colds. The effect sizes for a 100-\u03bc g/ m3 increment in sulfur dioxide were similar. The effect estimates for ambient total suspended particulates and sulfur dioxide were stronger among children not exposed to gas stove emissions, visible molds or dampness, cats, or environmental tobacco smoke. Conclusions. The decreasing prevalence of nonallergic respiratory symptoms, along with improvements in ambient particle mass and sulfur dioxide (but not in nucleation-mode particles), indicates the reversibility of adverse health effects in children. This adds further evidence of a causal association between combustion-related air pollutants and childhood respiratory symptoms.\n      </p>", "The position of town directories as sources in urban geography is discussed here. Traditionally attention has focused on their use in studies of social or commercial change in urban environments, and making use of the extensive listings of names and addresses contained therein. They are, however, far more versatile sources than this and provide excellent information on political and cultural change. Directories were often compiled not just with an administrative or commercial role in mind but to broadcast a particular image of society to the outside world. Perhaps nowhere is this more clearly illustrated than in Germany in the National Socialist period where directories were used as instruments of propaganda and social control. Concerted, and often quite subtle, efforts were made by the NSDAP through directories to cultivate a new image of society, one which was closely tied to their ideology. Moreover, when viewed against Hitler's town building programme, directory evidence casts it in a different light as one interested as much in projected image as urban regeneration.\n      </p>", "The impact of high temperatures on mortality is well known, but not all deaths that occur during heat waves can be explained by this effect. We evaluated whether an additional mechanism caused by periods of sustained heat without nightly cooling influenced mortality during the European heat wave in 2003 and whether this mechanism is different for varying causes of death. We obtained daily counts of total and cause-specific mortality for Essen, Germany, for the years 2000\u20132006. We used time-series regression methods to separate a possible additional effect of sustained heat from the temperature effect and included air pollution, influenza epidemics, long-term and seasonal trends, days of week and bank holidays as covariates. The maximum daily relative risk of all-cause mortality during the heat wave was 1.28 (95% CI 1.06\u20131.53). The maximum relative risks of cardiovascular and neoplastic mortality were 1.25 ( 95% CI 0.95\u20131.65) and 1.35 (95% CI 1.00\u20131.82), respectively. The effect on respiratory mortality was delayed; the maximum relative risk was 1.66 (95% CI 1.19\u20132.23) 6 days after the heat wave. We found that periods with sustained heat especially affected respiratory mortality, whereas for cardiovascular and neoplastic mortality no distinct influence could be shown.\n      </p>", "The German health system represents the case of a global budget with negotiated fees and competing medical insurance companies. Physicians in private practice and non-profit dialysis provider associations provide most dialysis therapy. End-stage renal disease (ESRD) modalities are well integrated into the overall health care system. Dialysis therapy, independent of the mode of treatment, is reimbursed at a weekly flat rate. Mandatory health insurance covers health expenses, including those related to ESRD, for more than 90% of the population. Both employees and employers contribute to the premium for this insurance. Private medical insurance covers the remainder of the population. Access to treatment, including dialysis therapy, is uniformly available.\n      </p>", "This study replicates and expands a previous study conducted by Silbereisen, Meschke, and Schwarz (1996) that examined the timing and correlates of leaving home in former East and West Germany using data gathered in 1991. With data collected in 1996, we show that East Germans were more likely to leave home earlier than West Germans. Furthermore, predictors of home leaving (e.g., parental divorce) differed somewhat, depending on the region. East and West Germans were more similar in the pattern of predictors in 1996 than in 1991. This offers support for the hypothesis that under reunification, these two regions were moving toward greater similarity in this transition to adulthood. The results underscore the importance of macrolevel forces on individual decisions, such as when the young adult leaves the parental home.\n      </p>", "Although happiness as a state of mind may be universal, its meaning takes culture-specific forms. Drawing on the concept of folk theories, this study attempted to uncover lay beliefs about the nature of happiness in Germany and South Africa. To that end, 57 German and 44 black South African students wrote free-format essays in response to the question: \"What is happiness to you?\" Using thematic analysis the following themes were found: (1) satisfaction; (2) contentment; (3) positive affect; (4) social relationships; (5) freedom; and (6) the opposite of unhappiness. In addition, German respondents defined happiness in terms of (7) surprising events. The exact meaning content of the above-mentioned dimensions showed clear influences of individualism/collectivism. However, strong culture-specific factors, such as the influence of philosophical traditions, material living circumstances and linguistic influences, were also found.\n      </p>", "The concept of corporate social responsibility (CSR) is a relatively recent addition to the agenda in Germany, although the country has a long history of companies practicing social responsibilities. The expectations of society had remained stable for many years, encapsulated in laws, societal norms, and industrial relations agreements. But the past decade has seen significant changes in Germany, challenging established ways of treating the role of business in society. This contribution reviews and illustrates the development of diverse forms of social responsibility in German corporations and analyzes how actors in business and society can build on traditional strengths to find new institutional arrangements for sharing tasks and responsibilities in the interests of achieving a better balance between societal, economic, and environmental needs.\n      </p>", "The Goerlitz Autopsy Study is a population-based autopsy study, conducted in 1987 in the municipality of Goerlitz, population 78,484, in former East Germany. It is unique in that 1,023 (96.5 percent) of the 1,060 subjects who died in the municipality over a period of one year were investigated by full autopsy. An underlying cause was assigned to every death, using the procedures recommended by the International Classification of Diseases, Injuries and Causes of Death, ninth revision, German edition. Assignment of cause of death was done independently by the attending clinician and the pathology team who performed the autopsy. The data were analyzed through cross-classification of deaths by death certificate diagnosis and autopsy-based diagnosis. Sensitivity and positive predictive values were calculated for the death certificate diagnoses, assuming that the autopsy findings represent the correct reference set. Overall, 47 percent of diagnoses on death certificates differed from those based on autopsy and, for 30 percent of the subjects, the difference crossed a major disease category. The proportion of disagreement was higher for deaths occurring in nursing homes and among the very old, but was unrelated to gender. In the death certificates, diseases of the circulatory system and endocrine and metabolic disorders were over-represented, whereas infectious diseases, neoplasms, and respiratory, digestive, and genitourinary diseases were under-represented. Neoplasms in the death certificates are characterized by relatively high sensitivity and predictive values, even though these were still unsatisfactory, given the chronicity of the clinical course and the opportunities available for correct diagnosis. Infections and respiratory diseases in the death certificates have low sensitivity but comparatively high predictive values, because these disease categories have relatively high diagnostic specificity. In contrast, circulatory diseases in the death certificates have high sensitivity but modest predictive value, because of their relatively low diagnostic specificity. These results reinforce the concern about the accuracy of death certificates and their potential for utilization in epidemiologic studies.\n      </p>", "This paper suggests explanations for the enduring nature of the tripartite system of secondary education in Germany and the failure to develop the comprehensive school (Gesamtschule) over a long period.\n      </p>", "The former Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany) and the former German Democratic Republic (East Germany) differed sharply in their family policies. We follow 1950s and early 1960s birth cohorts from their first jobs to 1989 to see in what ways having children affected earnings for women and men. For the FRG, we find that being a parent had stronger earnings effects (positive for men and negative for women) than in the GDR, with much of this impact mediated by employment hours for women. This does not mean that having children was unimportant for women's and men's earnings in the GDR, but it indicates that the less variable life course led to more society-wide than individual-level impact. Further, in the East, some young women balanced family and employment by taking jobs below their qualifications, and this reduced their earnings.\n      </p>", "Demographic challenges are affecting the health care system in Germany and globally: a growing aging population; low birth rates; sociopolitical, women's health, and health care economic issues; and immigration. During a recent Fulbright Scholar program, scholars from several disciplines including demography, sociology, medicine, and nursing examined these demographic challenges facing Germany and other industrialized countries. Enormous challenges exist for industrialized and developing countries related to these demographic changes, the complexity of health care economics, and population issues. In Germany, the shifting population demographics are affecting health care, financing of the German health care system, and the growth of immigrant populations.\n      </p>", "New state and market arrangements were twice imposed on the residents of the eastern part of Germany, once when Germany was divided in 1949 and again when it was reunified in 1990; these changes produced a unique natural experiment concerning the effect of policies and institutions on the gendered nature of work. This review synthesizes research on gender equality in paid and unpaid work in East versus West Germany during the decades immediately preceding and following reunification. We consider empirical evidence on gender equality in five major dimensions of work: the prevalence of labor market attachment, time spent in paid work, wages, employment sector and occupation, and time spent in unpaid work in the home. Taken together, developments across these dimensions suggest that, following reunification, the two parts of the country converged toward the gendered arrangement in which men are employed full-time and their female partners hold part-time jobs\u2014with some evidence of continuing differences between East and West.\n      </p>", "This revised version of the author's NCPH presidential address explores Holocaust memory and Germany as a travelogue, a meditation, an exploration of family, and a critical inquiry. It chronicles the trip that the author and his daughter made to Germany in 2011 to participate in Heidelberg's program for its former Jewish citizens, as well as visits to Munich and Berlin. The article pays special attention to the phenomenon of Stolpersteine or stumbling stones in the cultural landscape of Holocaust memory. It is a follow-up to the author's 2002 essay in The Public Historian, \u201cHolocaust Memory and Heidelberg,\u201d which documents his visit to the Heidelberg program in 2001 with his mother.\n      </p>", "This articles employs a game-theoretic framework to analyze the behavior of economic agents and policy makers within two types of bank-led financial market systems. The game predicts the effects of bank-led finance on financial policy making in Germany and Mexico, which are substantially borne out by the empirical analysis. The evidence suggests that Mexican policy makers have tended to adopt short-term-oriented external monetary policies which have tolerated extreme overvaluation, whereas German policy makers have tended to favor competitiveness-conscious stability-oriented external monetary policies because of: (1) weak competition among Mexican banks as compared with German banks, and (2) Mexican policy makers' traditional lack of credibility as compared with their German counterparts.\n      </p>", "The current debate about Marxism and ecology raises the problem of nature and its relationship to human society in Marxist theory. This essay examines these questions as they were considered and contested in the Marxist literature of Germany in the 1920s. It is suggested that at this time the 'consensus' perspective characteristic of Marxism before 1914 was challenged as different tendencies pushed it in very different directions. Ecological connections and environmental influences were stressed to the point of trying to develop a determinist Marxist geopolitics, whilst the anthropocentric and Promethean element in Marxism was stressed to the point that nature was denied any sort of independent status whatsoever and its immanent and definitive 'conquest' by socialist society confidently foretold. Criticizing both perspectives, Karl Wittfogel offered his own version of the 'correct' Marxist interpretation of these questions. None of these efforts could be sustained but they stand as an indication of the essential pluralism of Marxist doctrine on this question.\n      </p>", "Record linkage is an invaluable tool for many epidemiological studies. So far, however, in Europe it has mainly been used in Scandinavian countries with nationwide registration systems. Using the example of a large retrospective cohort study among migrants, we show that this method is also feasible in Germany, a country without central registries and unique identification numbers for citizens.\n      </p>", "Background In Germany the heptavalent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV7) has been recommended as a general infant vaccination since 2006. Data from similar programmes in the USA have reported a reduction of pneumococcal diseases in both vaccinated and unvaccinated populations, suggesting herd immunity effects. This study analyses the cost-effectiveness of a general vaccination with PCV7 in Germany based on these findings. Methods A Markov model adapts efficacy and herd immunity data to the German population. Further main model inputs are incidence, vaccination uptake, serotype distribution, case fatality rates, and vaccination and healthcare costs. Results A general vaccination with PCV7 would avoid about 232,000 pneumococcal infections and 1,879 premature deaths per year in Germany. From the health-care payer's perspective, direct cost savings would outweigh vaccination expenditures by a ratio of 1:1.16. The sensitivity analysis shows that these estimates are quite conservative. Conclusion Based on the health-economic evaluation, the authors recommend the continuation of the general recommendation of PCV7 according to the 3 + 1 schedule within the German Statutory Health Insurance.\n      </p>", "This cross-sectional epidemiological study collected health data for 2,470 school children between 5 and 14 years of age (89% of eligible children) who had lived most of their lives in either one of two counties strongly impacted by industrial pollution (Bitterfeld and Hettstedt) or in a neighboring county without any sources of industrial pollution (Zerbst). The objective of the study was to examine whether regional differences-with respect to the occurence of childhood respiratory diseases and symptoms or allergies-exist and, if such differences are found, whether they persist when we adjust for the effects of known risk factors such as medical and sociodemographic factors or factors related to the indoor environment. Controlling for medical, sociodemographic, and indoor factors, according to parental reports, children residing in Hettstedt have about a 50% increased lifetime prevalence for physician-diagnosed allergies, eczema, and bronchitis compared to children from Zerbst and about twice the number of respiratory symptoms such as wheeze, shortness of breath, and cough without cold. Sensitization to common aeroallergens according to skin prick tests [odds ratio (OR) = 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.02-1.86] and specific IgE levels (OR = 1.75; CI, 1.31-2.33) was more common for children from Hettstedt than children from the nonpolluted county. Bitterfeld children, on the other hand, more often received a diagnosis of asthma and eczema than children residing in Zerbst and also showed slightly increased sensitization rates. In conclusion, industrial pollution related to mining and smelting operations in the county of Hettstedt were associated with a higher lifetime prevalence of respiratory disorders and an increased rate of allergic sensitization in children between the ages of 5 and 14 years. Further studies are needed to determine what role the high dust content of heavy metals plays in Hettstedt.\n      </p>", "There is a vast empirical literature investigating the effects of child care costs on female employment. Day-care costs are usually treated as a reduction in female wages and are supposed to reduce a woman's propensity to participate in the labor market. In this paper we argue that an analysis of the effects of child care on the employment of mothers in Germany should focus on the availability rather than the affordability of care, due to peculiarities of the German day-care regime. Our empirical findings cast doubt on the effectiveness of the current German day-care regime. Specifically, we question the extent to which it enables mothers to participate in the labor market.\n      </p>", "In western industrialized countries men are on average more than twice as active in entrepreneurship as women. Based on data from a recent representative survey of the adult population in Germany this paper uses an empirical model for the decision to become self-employed to test for differences between women and men in the ceteris paribus impact of several characteristics and attitudes, taking the rare events nature of becoming an entrepreneur into account. Furthermore, a non-parametric approach using Mahalanobis-distance matching of man and woman which are as similar as possible in all characteristics and attitudes but the \"small difference\" is used to investigate the difference in the propensity to become self-employed by sex. A core finding is that the difference between men and women in both the extent and the effect of considering fear of failure to be a reason not to start one's own business is important for the explanation of the gap in entrepreneurship by sex.\n      </p>", "On 2 May 1941, seven weeks before the launch of Operation Barbarossa, a meeting of senior German officials, including many ministers' deputies, or Staatssekret\u00e4re, took place, which would establish the nature of the economic policy of ruthless exploitation pursued by the invaders and occupiers in the Soviet Union. In a chillingly matter-of-fact way, those present declared that 'x million people will doubtlessly starve, if that which is necessary for us is extracted from the land'. This article focuses on the meeting, its minutes and the men who attended, whilst placing it firmly in the context of the planning for German economic policy in the occupied Soviet territories. In addition, the article considers the importance of gatherings of the Staatssekret\u00e4re, the equivalent of British Permanent Secretaries, in National Socialist Germany, as a forum for inter-ministerial policy co-ordination, and draws comparisons between the meeting in Berlin on 2 May 1941 and the disproportionately better-known Wannsee Conference of 20 January 1942, the most infamous of all the Staatssekret\u00e4re discussions.\n      </p>", "Through the use of a three-wave panel study of citizens of the former East German city of Leipzig, the article explores the changes in the relationship between socialist values and democratic support over time. It finds that the direct effect of socialist values on democratic satisfaction declines substantially from the 1993-96 portion of the panel study to the 1996-98 period. As individuals acquire more experience with the democratic system, they appear to assess the system less in terms of its relation to socialism and the previous regime, and more in terms of current economic and political performance. Moreover, evaluations of the democratic system themselves appear to influence the individuals' adherence to socialist values throughout the time spanned by the panel studies; in fact, the article shows that there is little direct effect of socialist values on system support by 1998, once the reverse causal process is taken into account. The results are discussed in terms of their implications for democratic development in the former East Germany, and for more general theories and models of the democratization process. /// A l'aide de trois vagues successives d'interviews des m\u00eames habitants de la ville de Leipzig, les auteurs \u00e9tudient l'\u00e9volution des rapports entre valeurs socialistes et soutien \u00e0 la d\u00e9mocratie. Ils observent que l'effet direct de celles-l\u00e0 sur celle-l\u00e0 d\u00e9cline de fa\u00e7on substantielle entre 1993-96 et 1996-98. L'exp\u00e9rience de la d\u00e9mocratie a pour corollaire une moindre fr\u00e9quence d'\u00e9valuation du r\u00e9gime politique en termes de socialisme et par r\u00e9f\u00e9rence au r\u00e9gime pr\u00e9c\u00e9dent. L'\u00e9valuation se fait alors plus fr\u00e9quemment en termes d'efficacit\u00e9 en mati\u00e8res politique et \u00e9conomique. Lors du dernier interview, celui de 1998, l'effet direct du facteur \"valeurs socialistes\" est presque nul. Il appara\u00eet cependant que des valeurs d\u00e9mocratiques facilitent l'adh\u00e9rence \u00e0 des valeurs socialistes. Les auteurs en tirent le\u00e7on pour l'\u00e9volution probable de l'Allemagne de l'est et, plus g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement, pour l'\u00e9tude du d\u00e9veloppement d\u00e9mocratique.\n      </p>", "The completion of the new Florida Bar Admissions Center, which will be dedicated this month, is symbolic of the modernization of bar examination procedures. With the use of the new multistate bar examination, machine-scoring procedures are now possible, and they bring to the bar admission process an objectivity by which bar examiners may test their own preconceived notions.\n      </p>", "This study was a retrospective survey of the management of a cohort of children with cerebral palsy at Seepark Hospital, Germany, who did (cases; n=107) and did not (controls; n=107) receive botulinum toxin injections. Data on healthcare resource use and clinical outcomes over 12 months were collected from the date cases received their first injection and from the date controls were first admitted into hospital. Botulinum toxin use led to an 85% reduction in the number of children requiring surgery. Additionally, controls used significantly more healthcare resources than cases, particularly hospital bed days (69.2\u00b134.1 vs. 27.5\u00b127.9 days; p &lt;0.0001). The total cost of managing cases and controls was \u20ac16,700 and \u20ac33,800, respectively. In conclusion, use of botulinum toxin released resources for alternative use during the first year following treatment, without any loss of clinical improvement. However, it is unknown how botulinum toxin affected the need for surgery and associated outcomes in subsequent years.\n      </p>", "Obesity is associated with major health risks and a high economic burden impacting on health care systems. This study utilises the latest evidence from randomised clinical trials (RCTs) to explore and to assess the cost effectiveness of sibutramine in combination with diet and lifestyle advice alone compared to diet and lifestyle advice alone for the treatment of obese subjects without comorbidities at baseline in Germany. New evidence from recently published RCTs and post-marketing surveillance studies, including health economic data as well as quality of life (QoL) data, were used to model the long-term outcomes of weight management with sibutramine in German practice. German healthcare costs and new data from over 8,000 patients were analysed based on a recently published model. These new RCT data were used to model weight losses, proportion of responders to treatment, utilities by weight loss and variability in weight regain post-treatment. Costs and QoL benefits associated with weight loss (using SF-36 data from sibutramine trials), reduced incidence of coronary heart disease (using Framingham equations) and diabetes were used to estimate the cost per quality adjusted life year of sibutramine treatment. For 1,000 patients treated with sibutramine for 1 year, extrapolating outcomes over 4 further years, sibutramine is estimated to save 4.18 CHD events, 2.58 diabetes incident cases and give 51.5 more quality-adjusted life years (QALYs). The cost-utility analysis (CUA) estimates \u20ac13,706 per QALY gained. Results are sensitive to changes in weight loss, rate of weight regain and discounting rate. Although the non-pharmacological weight management programme in the comparator arm yielded higher weight losses than generally observed in clinical practice, these results demonstrate that additional sibutramine treatment is a cost effective therapy for an obese population without comorbidities in Germany. The CUA results are within the range generally accepted as cost effective and should be viewed as conservative when generalizing to settings offering standard non-pharmacological treatment.\n      </p>", "This cost-of-illness analysis based on information from 2973 patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) in Germany is part of a Europe-wide study on the costs of MS. The objective was to analyze the costs and quality of life (QoL) related to the level of disease severity. Patients from six centres (office- and hospital-based physicians) and patients enrolled in a database were asked to participate in the survey; 38% answered a mail questionnaire. In addition to details on the disease (type of disease, relapses, level of functional disability), the questionnaire asked for information on all resource consumption, medical, non-medical, work absence, informal care, as well as QoL (measured as utility). The mean age of the cohort was 45 years, and 18% of patients were 65 years of age or older. Forty-seven percent of patients had mild disease (Expanded Disability Status Scale [EDSS] score 0-3), 36% had moderate disease (EDSS score 4-6.5) and 12% had severe disease (EDSS score \u22657). The mean EDSS score in the sample was 3.8 (median 4.0), with a mean utility of 0.62. Costs and utility are highly correlated with disease severity. Workforce participation decreases from 73% in very early disease to less than 10% in the very late stages, leading to a tenfold rise in productivity losses in the late stages of disease. Hospitalisation and ambulatory visits rise by a factor of 5-6 between early and late disease; investments and services increase from basically no cost to \u20ac 2700; and informal care increases by a factor of 27 for patients with an EDSS score of 7 and by a factor of 50 for patients at the very severe end of the EDSS scale (8-9). Hence, total mean costs per patient are determined essentially by the distribution of the severity levels in the sample, increasing from approximately \u20ac 18 500 at an EDSS score of 0-1 to \u20ac 70 500 at an EDSS score of 8-9. The same is true for utility, which decreases from 0.86 to 0.10 as the disease becomes severe. However, the utility loss compared to the general population is high at all levels of the disease, leading to an estimated loss of 0.2 quality-adjusted life-years per patient. Relapses are associated with a cost of approximately \u20ac 3000 and a utility loss of 0.1 during the quarter in which they occur. Compared with a similar study performed in 1999, resource consumption, with the exception of drugs, is somewhat lower. This is most likely due to a difference in the severity distribution of the two samples and to changes in health-care consumption overall in the country, such as the introduction of diagnosis-related groups (DRGs, Fallpauschalen).\n      </p>", "The investigation of an association between increased exposure to residential extremely-low frequency electromagnetic fields (ELF-EMF) and childhood leukemia was part of a population-based case-control study carried out between 1992 and 1995 in the northwestern part of Germany. A total of 129 children with leukemia and 328 controls participated in the EMF-study. Exposure assessment comprised measurements of the magnetic field over 24 hours in the child's bedroom at the residence where the child had been living for the longest period before the date of diagnosis, and spot measurements at all residences where the child had been living for more than one year. The median of the 24h-measurement in the child's bedroom was regarded as the most valid exposure variable. For children exposed to more than 0.2\u03bcT, an elevated but not significant odds ratio (OR) was observed (OR = 3.2, 95 percent confidence interval = 0.7-14.9). These figures are based on only four leukemia cases and three controls since only 1.5 percent of the study population was classified as highly exposed. Exploratory analyses revealed ORs that were not statistically significantly increased for other characteristics of the magnetic field at varying cut-points. The results are comparable with those from other studies. Although not statistically significant, they may indicate a positive association between EMF and childhood leukemia.\n      </p>", "The paper deals with the transformation of plant breeding from an agricultural practice into an applied academic science in the late 19th and early 20th centuries Germany. The aim is to contribute to the ongoing debate about the relationship between science and technology. After a brief discussion of this debate the first part of the paper examines how pioneers of plant breeding developed their breeding methods and commercially successful varieties. The focus here is on the role of scientific concepts and theories in the agricultural innovation process. The second part turns towards the strategies by which agronomists tried to establish plant breeding as an academic discipline and themselves as the new experts for breeding research and varietal development. Again, the focus is on the interplay of scientific theory and agricultural practice. It is argued that in order to better understand the transformation of plant breeding into an applied academic science we have to take different levels into account, i.e. the levels of organizations, individuals and objects, at which science and technology interact.\n      </p>", "Political psychology has paid rather little attention to personality traits when explaining political attitudes and political behavior in mass publics. The present paper argues that personality traits contribute to our understanding of political attitude formation and decision making of ordinary citizens. Based on the Five Factor Model of Personality, we state hypotheses regarding the effects of personality traits on partisan attitudes and vote choice in Germany. We test the hypotheses using survey data obtained from a random sample of the Germans eligible to vote. The evidence confirms that personality traits indirectly affect partisan attitudes and voting behavior in Germany in predictable ways even after controlling for sociodemographic characteristics. More specifically, Openness makes citizens more inclined to support parties endorsing social liberalism whereas low scores on Conscientiousness increase the likelihood of liking and voting for parties subscribing to economic or social liberalism as do high levels on Agreeableness. High levels of Neuroticism appear to promote support for parties that offer shelter against material or cultural challenges.\n      </p>", "This article examines the integration experiences of immigrant women in Germany in the period immediately before and after the birth of a child. It uses data from the German Socio-Economic Panel to analyze and compare the labor force behavior of women from different immigrant groups in Germany with the labor force behavior of German women during the period before and following childbirth. It also investigates whether differences exist between immigrant and native-born German women in subjective wellbeing in the years immediately before and after the birth of a child. The results indicate that immigrant women differ substantially in their labor market behavior and in their levels of life satisfaction compared with women who are both German citizens and who were born in Germany.\n      </p>", "As in probably mostly all other European countries, the incidence of occupational cancer in Germany increased steadily after World War II. In 1994 about 1,600 cases of occupational cancer were compensated-more than ever before. More than half of these cases were lung cancer, most caused either by asbestos (n = 545) or by ionizing radiation (n = 306). Other frequent target organs of asbestos were the pleura and the peritoneum with 495 cases of mesotheliomas. Asbestos was the single most important risk factor for occupational cancer, causing more than 1000 deaths per year. All other malignant diseases, such as bladder cancer, leukemia, angiosarcoma of the liver, adenocarcinoma of the nose or nasal sinuses, and skin cancer, were comparatively rare. Although primary exposure to ionizing radiation in uranium ore mining occurred in the 1950s and attributable lung cancers seem to be on the decline, this is not true for asbestos, where the peak incidence in lung cancer and mesothelioma has not been reached yet.\n      </p>", "In this paper we explore the motivations to migrate and the migration experiences of 22 Indian IT professionals in Germany. When studying skilled migration, Germany is an interesting case as it struggled with waves of extreme right activities whilst trying to attract IT professionals from outside the European Union at the same time. In this context, we are interested in the conflicts that the migrants may experience as a result of their desire or obligation to move, their specific cultural baggage and the way in which they encounter the different sides of German society.\n      </p>", "The West German state has transformed the collectivized agriculture of the former German Democratic Republic (GDR) since reunification in 1990. The government's reprivatization of land, based on Soviet land reforms during their World-War-II occupation of eastern Germany, has required GDR cooperative farms (LPGs) to reorganize themselves or be dissolved and encouraged the establishment of individual private farms. These hegemonic changes have transformed the rural landscapes in eastern Germany, adding new farms, re-establishing previous farms, abandoning cooperative farm buildings, and resulting in smaller fields. Yet, the landscape impress of earlier State hegemonies persists. The centrally planned economy of the GDR gradually consolidated individual farms and fields (which had been largely established by the Soviets in the northern half of the GDR) and added barns, apartments, and social services to the villages. Reprivatization has produced profound changes in land use, farm management, and farmland ownership changes, yet the large-scale corporate farms that now dominate agricultural production continue to work the large formerly collectivized fields. Despite the privatization of farmland and farming, the GDR's imprint on the landscape in eastern Germany is likely to continue. The efficiency of these new corporate farms threatens the small-scale farms in western Germany.\n      </p>", "Using distributed lag models we have investigated in this paper the lags between different components of the (aggregate and by nationality) quarterly migration flows of West Germany during the period 1962/1-1972/2 and the relation between the flows of the economically active migrants and various indicators of the growth and cyclical fluctuations of the German economy during the same period. In both cases autocorrelation has been fully taken into account. The lag between the aggregate inflow and outflow of the economically active migrants was between three and four quarters while for the inflow from Italy about 6 months. The length of the lag depended on whether a sending country was a member of the EEC, the time her workers started flowing in large numbers into West Germany and the sectoral distribution of these workers in West Germany. For the aggregate inflow it was found that economically active women followed economically active men with a mean lag of less than a month. The lag was about 4 months for the inflows from Turkey and Portugal. The distributed lag models were found less appropriate for the relation between the inflows of the economically non-active and the economically active migrants. Autocorrelation was significant only in the relation between the economically active women and the economically active men for the inflows from all countries, Italy and Greece. Simple log-linear regressions of the inflows on the seasonal dummies, the trend and the level of unemployment produced reasonable results. When the Index of Industrial Production was used as an explanatory variable of the inflows of the economically active migrants a distributed lag specification was found appropriate. A double distributed lag with the number of Germans in employment and the outflow of migrant workers as explanatory variables gave significant results for many cases of the inflows of the economically active male and female migrant workers. In most cases in which a distributed lag specification was appropriate the mean lag was about 3 months. The response of the migrants to the changes in the economic conditions of West Germany increased with the difference in the per capita income between West Germany and the individual sending countries and with the concentration of the labour force in agriculture in these countries. Autocorrelation was significant for the flows of the countries which started sending migrant workers to West Germany after 1967, i.e. for the flows from Turkey, Portugal and Yugoslavia.\n      </p>", "Lophozia kutscheri Grolle is described as a new species of the Jungermanniales in Bitterfeld amber (Oligocene or Eocene) from central Germany. The sterile holotype is clearly visible from both the dorsal and ventral side and has gemmae on the tips of the leaf lobes. The species is compared to the extant L. hatcheri (A. Evans) Steph. This is the first fossil record of Lophozia and the Lophoziaceae.\n      </p>", "In 1937, a group of researchers in Nazi Germany began investigating tobacco mosaic virus (TMV) with the hope of using the virus as a model system for understanding gene behavior in higher organisms. They soon developed a creative and interdisciplinary work style and were able to continue their research in the postwar era, when they made significant contributions to the history of molecular biology. This group is significant for two major reasons. First, it provides an example of how researchers were able to produce excellent scientific research in the midst of dictatorship and war. Coupled with the group's ongoing success in postwar Germany, the German TMV investigators provide a dramatic example of how scientific communities deal with adversity as well as rapid political and social change. Second, since the researchers focused heavily (though not exclusively) on TMV, their story allows us to analyze how an experimental system other than phage contributed to the emergence of molecular biology.\n      </p>", "We investigated the methods of recruitment, levels and determinants of response, and the calculation method of response proportions in population-based case-control studies in Germany. We identified 26 eligible studies. The pooled analysis showed that the response proportion was 68% among controls and 80% among cases. Response proportions among controls without telephones were about 50% lower than for controls with telephones. We propose a new measure that indicates the efficacy of the recruitment strategy.\n      </p>", "Using longitudinal data from the Fertility and Family Surveys and individual-level diffusion models, the paper studies the spreading of cohabitation among young women in three countries with different institutional contexts: the conservative welfare capitalist West Germany, the former socialist East Germany and the familialist Italy. The description of the diffusion process across generations shows that in East and West Germany successive birth cohorts experienced not only an impressive rise in the proportions of cumulative pre-cohort adoption but also a steep increase in the cumulative proportions of peer group adoption (to about 40-50%) at each age. In contrast, in Italy even among the youngest birth cohorts not more than about 10% of women have adopted cohabitation before eventually entering into first marriage. The results of the paper suggest that the diffusion of cohabitation does not imply a strong mechanism that links the cohabitation experiences across generations. Rather, cohabitation seems to be driven mainly by direct social modelling of peers. /// \u00c0 partir des donn\u00e9es longitudinales des enqu\u00eates f\u00e9condit\u00e9-famille et de mod\u00e8les de diffusion au niveau individuel, l'article \u00e9tudie la diffusion de la cohabitation chez les jeunes femmes dans trois pays pr\u00e9sentant des contextes institutionnels diff\u00e9rents: l'Allemagne de l'ouest, \u00e9tat-providence capitaliste, l'Allemagne de l'est ex-socialiste et l'Italie aux fortes structures familiales. L'analyse du processus de diffusion \u00e0 travers les g\u00e9n\u00e9rations montre qu'en Allemagne de l'est et de l'ouest, pour chaque g\u00e9n\u00e9ration et \u00e0 chaque \u00e2ge, le pourcentage de femmes cohabitantes dans la g\u00e9n\u00e9ration pr\u00e9c\u00e9dente ainsi que celui des femmes cohabitantes parmi les pairs a augment\u00e9 (d'\u00e0 peu pr\u00e8s 40 \u00e0 50%). Au contraire, en Italie, m\u00eame dans les g\u00e9n\u00e9rations r\u00e9centes, seulement 10% des femmes ont cohabit\u00e9 avant le premier mariage. La diffusion de la cohabitation ne semble pas d\u00e9pendre d'un processus fort de transmission des exp\u00e9riences d'une g\u00e9n\u00e9ration \u00e0 l'autre mais davantage d'un mod\u00e8le social d\u00e9fini par les pairs.\n      </p>", "Between 2003 and 2008, more than 600 white stork (Ciconia ciconia) nestlings in the German federal state of Brandenburg were ringed and examined for influenza A viruses. With the spread of highly pathogenic avian influenza virus (HPAIV) of subtype H5N1 among wild birds in Germany in spring 2006, dead wild birds, including 88 white storks, were tested for infection with HPAIV. Furthermore, fresh fecal samples were examined by RT-PCR to monitor the occurrence of HPAIV in adult storks. While the monitoring of nestlings and adult white storks failed to yield evidence of influenza A virus infections in these birds, two storks found dead in April 2006 in the same location tested positive for HPAIV H5N1. Sequence analysis revealed that the virus isolated from one of the storks belonged to clade 2.2, which was commonly found in wild birds in the north of Germany and other European countries during the epidemic in 2006. Despite these two cases, white storks seemed to serve as neither a vector nor as a reservoir for HPAIV in Germany. The risk of white storks transmitting HPAIV to domestic poultry and humans is low. /// Entre los a\u00f1os 2003 y 2008, m\u00e1s de 600 polluelos de cig\u00fce\u00f1as blancas (Ciconia ciconia) del estado de Brandeburgo en la Alemania Federal fueron anillados y examinados para detectar al virus de la influenza A. Debido a la diseminaci\u00f3n de la influenza aviar de alta patogenicidad del subtipo H5N1 en aves silvestres de Alemania en la primavera del 2006, se analizaron aves silvestres muertas incluyendo 88 cig\u00fce\u00f1as blancas, para detectar la infecci\u00f3n por el virus de la influenza aviar de alta patogenicidad. Adem\u00e1s se examinaron muestras fecales frescas mediante la RT-PCR para detectar la presencia del virus de la influenza aviar altamente pat\u00f3geno en cig\u00fce\u00f1as adultas. Aunque el muestreo de los polluelos y cig\u00fce\u00f1as adultas no proporcion\u00f3 evidencia de la presencia del virus de la influenza A en estas aves, se encontraron dos cig\u00fce\u00f1as muertas en Abril del 2006 en el mismo lugar, que fueron positivas a la presencia del virus de la influenza aviar altamente pat\u00f3geno H5N1. El an\u00e1lisis de las secuencias revel\u00f3 que el virus aislado de una de las dos cig\u00fce\u00f1as pertenec\u00eda al clado 2.2., que se encontr\u00f3 com\u00fanmente en aves silvestres del norte de Alemania y en otros pa\u00edses europeos durante la epidemia en el a\u00f1o 2006. Aunque se encontraron estos dos casos, las cig\u00fce\u00f1as blancas no parecieron servir como vectores o como reservorios para los virus de la influenza aviar en Alemania. El riesgo de transmisi\u00f3n del virus de la influenza aviar a las aves dom\u00e9sticas y a los humanos por las cig\u00fce\u00f1as blancas es bajo.\n      </p>", "This article focuses on the career of the Duala man Joseph Bil\u00e9 in order to investigate the development of pan-African and anti-colonial political groups amongst Germany's black population in the period 1918-35. During and after the first world war, the men involved in these formal and informal organizations claimed the role of spokesmen for African interests in debates about the fate of Germany's colonies and led moves for the political defence of the interests of former colonial subjects in Germany itself. Tentative transnational links would be established with similar groups in France and in Cameroon. Educatedin eastern Germany and a veteran of the first world war, Bile was a central member of both the Hamburg-based Afrikanischer Hilfsverein and, later, the communist-influenced Liga zur Verteidigung der Negerrasse in Berlin. As a member of the German Communist Party, Bile's political activities saw him become involved in the Comintern-organized Scottsboro campaign in the early 1930s, as well as being sent to Moscow by the Comintern. With the coming to power of the National Socialists in 1933, a return to Germany was no longer possible and Bile eventually found himself stranded in Paris and struggling to return to Cameroon. The article places Bile's biography in the wider context of the experiences and survival strategies of Germany's black diaspora and their struggle for political recognition and self-definition, as well as economic survival.\n      </p>", "Cet article traite de l'orientation historique et actuelle des \u00e9tudes africaines en Allemagne. Sont tout d'abord analys\u00e9es les conditions d'apparition et d'\u00e9tablissement de la V\u00f6lkerkunde, terme forg\u00e9 sur le mod\u00e8le de Erdkunde ou g\u00e9ographie au XVIIIe si\u00e8cle. En Allemagne, l'Ethnologie/V\u00f6lkerkunde, la mus\u00e9ologie et la linguistique sont \u00e9troitement li\u00e9es. L'ethnologie allemande, qui s'est \u00e9tablie comme activit\u00e9 mus\u00e9ologique avant d'entrer dans le domaine acad\u00e9mique, a pris son essor avec le d\u00e9veloppement du comparatisme linguistique au milieu du XIXe si\u00e8cle et avec la colonisation. Carl Meinhof (1857-1944) et Diedrich Westermann (1875-1956), les chefs de file de la linguistique africaniste en Allemagne, sont ainsi les repr\u00e9sentants de deux conceptions des \u00e9tudes africaines (Afrikanistik). Toutefois, la conception globale de l'africanisme, utilis\u00e9e aujourd'hui dans les principaux centres africanistes, est celle qui a \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9finie par Westermann. Dans ces centres, l'accent est mis davantage sur l'interdisciplinarit\u00e9 et sur la coop\u00e9ration interuniversitaire en Allemagne, mais aussi avec les universit\u00e9s des pays africains. /// The conditions underlying the emergence and institutionalization of V\u00f6lkerkunde, a term coined in the likeness of Erdkunde (geography) in the 18th century are analyzed. In Germany, ethnology, museum sciences and linguistics are closely related. Established in the museums before entering the universities, German ethnology advanced with colonization and with the development of comparative linguistics in the mid-19th century. Carl Meinhof (1857-1944) and Diedrich Westermann (1875-1956), the leaders of African linguistics in Germany, represented two conceptions of African studies (Afrikanistik). Westermann conception is the one now used in the major centers of African Studies, which lay emphasis on a multidisciplinary approach and on cooperation between universities inside Germany and, too, with African universities.\n      </p>", "The incidence of childhood malignancies in 20 areas surrounding major nuclear installations is compared with the incidence in matched control regions. The study is based on the registry of childhood malignancies in the Federal Republic of Germany and includes 1,610 cases which were diagnosed before 15 years of age from 1980 to 1990. The relative risk (RR) was 0.97 for all malignancies and 1.06 for acute leukemia in all regions within a 15 km radius of an installation. Increased RR was observed in subgroups for acute leukemia before five years of age and for lymphomas, especially in regions close to installations (&lt;5 km) which started operation before 1970. Most of this increase was attributable to an unexpectedly low incidence in the control regions which could not be explained by analyzing possible confounding factors. Using the same control regions, a comparable and even more pronounced increase of RRs was observed in regions where nuclear power plants have been projected.\n      </p>", "Aim: To identify and interpret spatial patterns of vegetation and sedimentation during the Weichselian Late-glacial. Location: North-eastern Germany and the adjacent fringe of north-western Poland. Methods: An inspection and comparison of palynological data from c. 150 sites. Results: Open Vegetation phase I (Oldest Dryas = earlier part of the Meiendorf, 12,900-12,450 \u2071\u2074C BP) and the Hippopha\u00eb phase (B\u00f8lling = later part of the Meiendorf; 12,450-12,000 BP) were rather homogeneous palynologically in the study area. Open Vegetation phase II (Older Dryas; 12,000-11,900 BP) is strongly recorded in the northern part of the study area with relatively thick sediments (suggesting severe soil erosion), but it can hardly be traced 200 km further to the south. This is attributed to sea buckthorn (Hippopha\u00eb) shrubs persisting longer in the south due to higher temperatures, to Betula forests expanding earlier under the influence of a more humid climate or to a generally denser vegetation independent of the behaviour of Hippopha\u00eb and Betula. During the late-glacial Betula/Pinus forest phase (Aller\u00f8d; 11,900-11,000 BP), pine (Pinus) forests dominated in the southern regions, whereas birch (Betula) forests prevailed in the north. Open Vegetation phase III (Younger Dryas; 11,000-10,000 BP) was characterized by heathlands in the northern regions with scattered birches and with sedimentation dominated by in-washed silicates. In the south, pine parklands occurred with sedimentation dominated by local primary production which had markedly decreased after the previous warmer vegetation phase. Main conclusions: The differences in vegetation and sedimentation during the open vegetation phases are attributed to a colder climate in the north than in the south, probably related to a climatic gradient between the ice-free continental central Europe and the decaying Scandinavian ice sheet. The vegetation patterns during the late-glacial Betula/Pinus forest phase are attributed to edaphic differences between the predominantly till plains in the northern part of the study area and the prevailing sandy outwash plains and Urstromt\u00e4ler of the southern regions.\n      </p>", "The issue of defining health benefit catalogues has recently gained new importance in Germany as a result of the creation of the new Institute for Quality and Efficiency. The Institute was designed to support the Federal Joint Committee conducting effectiveness studies for benefit coverage decisions. The Committee and the contractual partners (sickness funds and providers) define the benefit catalogues for the Statutory Health Insurance in the framework of Social Code Book V, Germany's most relevant health care scheme. Unlike other countries, the German federal government limits its regulatory role to defining procedures that determine the scope of Statutory Health Insurance services. The explicitness of the benefit catalogues varies greatly between different sectors. While benefits in outpatient care are rather explicitly defined, benefit definitions for inpatient care are vague. It is argued that the establishment of the new Institute and the development of the DRG system are initial steps towards a more effective and explicit benefit catalogue.\n      </p>", "In Germany, the seven-valent conjugate vaccine Prevenar is recommended for use in children at high risk of pneumococcal disease. Recent data suggest that giving conjugate vaccine to all children may lead to a decline in pneumococcal disease in unvaccinated adults, a phenomenon known as herd immunity. This analysis evaluated the cost and economic consequences in Germany of vaccinating (1) children at high risk, (2) all children when considering only benefits for vaccinated individuals and (3) all children when also considering herd immunity benefits. Costs in the model included vaccination, management of meningitis, bacteraemia, pneumonia and acute otitis media, insurance payments to parents and the costs of care for long-term disabilities. The model estimated that the cost-effec- tiveness of vaccination would be 38,222 euros per life year gained in children at high risk and 100,636 euros per life year gained in all children when not considering herd immunity. When considering herd immunity effects, the model estimated that offering vaccination for all children would reduce adult deaths by 3,027 per year, and vaccination would be broadly cost neutral. The findings are sensitive to the effect of conjugate vaccine on the rates of pneumonia and invasive disease in the elderly. If the herd immunity effect of conjugate vaccination in Germany is similar to that observed elsewhere, offering vaccine to all children will be more attractive than the current policy of restricting vaccination to children at high risk of pneumococcal disease.\n      </p>", "School education in Germany is under the responsibility of the federal states and as a consequence average grades differ widely across regions. Since school leavers apply nationwide for admission to university, regional provenance may thus matter a lot for the success probability in the admission process. Using a comprehensive dataset of the German central clearing house for university admissions in 2006/2007, we show that success rates indeed differ dramatically between federal states, provided that grades are not made comparable across state boundaries. Most of the variation in success can be explained by state-level differences in grading. By defining quotas for federal states and restricting competition among applicants to the state-level, the link between state- level grading and success rates in the university admission process can be broken.\n      </p>", "Background: Epidemiological evidence which suggests that prolonged breastfeeding protects against breast cancer has accumulated in recent years. Issues with regard to the timing of breastfeeding and effect modification by correlates of breastfeeding and other risk factors of breast cancer remain unresolved. Methods: A population-based case-control family study of breast cancer among women diagnosed by the age of 50, conducted in two geographic areas in Germany, was used to evaluate the effect of breastfeeding on risk of breast cancer. Results: Among parous women in this study (553 cases, 1094 age-matched population controls), having ever breastfed a child for at least 1 month did not confer protection (odds ratio of 0.9 and 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.8-1.2). However, risk of breast cancer significantly decreased with increasing duration of breastfeeding (p for trend = 0.01) and the estimated relative risk was 0.6 (95% CI 0.4-0.9) for 13-24 months of cumulative breastfeeding and 0.5 (95% CI 0.3-1.1) for 25 months or more. Risk was less related to number of children breastfed than to increasing average length of breastfeeding per child (p for trend = 0.03). Conclusions: The reduction in risk associated with duration of breastfeeding was not primarily due to breastfeeding the firstborn and more evident in women who were older (&gt; 25 years) when they first breastfed and among women who experienced a recent full-term pregnancy. Risks were modified somewhat by a first-degree family history of breast cancer whereby a greater reduction in risk per additional month of breastfeeding was observed among women with a family history than those without (0.9 vs. 1.0). The study results support a protective role of prolonged breastfeeding against the development of breast cancer in predominantly premenopausal women in Germany.\n      </p>", "In this study we examine the relationships between the vegetation of beech and beech-oak forest communities (Hordelymo-Fagetum, Galio-Fagetum, Deschampsio-Fagetum, Betulo-Quercetum) and their soil conditions in the lowlands of northern Germany, based on 84 sample plots. In all plots the vegetation was recorded and soil parameters were analysed (thickness of the O- and the A-horizons, pH, S-value, base saturation, C/N, mean Ellenberg moisture indicator value). The vegetation classification according to the traditional Braun-Blanquet approach was compared with the result of a multivariate cluster analysis. Vegetation-site relationships were analysed by means of an indirect gradient analysis (DCA). Both traditional classification methods and the cluster analysis have produced comparable classification results. So far as the species composition is concerned, a similar grouping of sample plots was found in both approaches. Multivariate cluster analysis thus supports the classification found by the Braun-Blanquet method. The result of the DCA shows that the four forest communities mentioned above represent clearly definable ecological units. The main site factor influencing changes in the species composition is a base gradient, which is best expressed by the S-value. In addition, within the series Hordelymo-Fagetum -- Galio-Fagetum -- Deschampsio-Fagetum the C/N-ratios and the thickness of the organic layers (O-horizon) increase continuously. By contrast, the floristic differences between oligotrophic forest communities (i.e., Deschampsio-Fagetum and Betulo-Quercetum) cannot be explained by a base gradient and increasing C/N-ratios. It is suggested that a different forest management history in some cases (e.g., promotion of Quercus robur by silvicultural treatments) is responsible for differences in the species composition, but on the other hand the result of the DCA indicates that Fagus sylvatica is replaced by Quercus robur with increasing soil moisture (i.e., with the increasing influence of a high groundwater table). Summarizing these results, it can be concluded that the ecological importance of single site factors affecting the species composition changes within the entire site spectrum covered by the beech and beech-oak forests of northern Germany.\n      </p>", "The objective of this study was to evaluate the cost implications of different settings (inpatient, outpatient/day clinic, or office-based oncologists) for the administration of standard fluoropyrimidine therapies, i.e., Mayo Clinic and Arbeitsgemeinschaft Intemistische Onkologie (AIO)/Ardalan regimen, and to compare the results with the cost of oral capecitabine in Germany. In total, 89 quarterly fee-listings from 26 patients provided by 5 office-based oncologists were analyzed. Physician's services, drug costs, pharmacy costs, and costs for implantable venous port systems and single-use pumps were considered. Findings were transferred to the hospital setting. A third-party payer perspective was applied. Quarterly treatment costs for the Mayo Clinic regimen varied between \u20ac2,036 and \u20ac10,569, and between \u20ac1,294 and \u20ac10,179 for the AIO/Ardalan regimen depending on the treatment setting. Projected costs for capecitabine were \u20ac2,338. No hospitalization was considered to be necessary for capecitabine due to its oral administration route. The most expensive treatment options were the AIO/Ardalan protocol in the office-based setting and the Mayo Clinic protocol in the hospital setting. Capecitabine emerged as the cheapest option in the office-based setting. Overall, the cheapest option was the AIO/Ardalan protocol in municipal hospitals. However, municipal hospitals are unlikely to cover their costs in this situation. Substantial cost savings without incuming losses to providers may be realized if patients are transferred from the hospital setting to the office-based setting and treated with capecitabine.\n      </p>", "44 isolated ancient woods (9,3-8579 ha) in southeastern Lower Saxony (northwestern Germany), where the Tertiary hilly country meets the Pleistocene plain, were investigated. Complete lists of 273 vascular plant species showing a more or less strong preference for woodlands were made for each wood including all the species of the groups Querco-Fagetea, Trifolio-Geranietea, Galio-Calystegietalia (selection of species) and Epilobietea. The majority of character species of woods show either a low or a high frequency, whereas fewer ones have medium frequencies. Most of the rarer species have their main occurrence in the larger woods. The number of species of all of the four groups increases with area of the wood and the correlation between the number of species and the log of area is related by a highly significant linear regression. Comparison of a single wood with two smaller woods of the same total area reveals that the two smaller woods on average have the greater number of wood species. Considering this and the fact that the rarer species have their main occurrence in the larger woods, when discussing questions of nature conservation a simple comparison of number of species and area is problematical.\n      </p>", "A questionnaire designed to measure oral health-related quality of life (OHRQOL) in adults and children was assessed for its factorial structure and reliability using data from the Second International Collaborative Study on Oral Health Outcomes in New Zealand, Poland and Germany. Principal component analysis with orthogonal and oblique rotation was applied. The three-factor structure hypothesized for the children's questionnaire (self-reported oral disease symptoms, perceived oral well-being, social and physical functioning) was confirmed in New Zealand and Poland, and two self-reported oral disease symptom dimensions emerged in Germany. Five factors instead of the three hypothesized were identified for adults: two dimensions of symptoms were identified, and social and physical functioning appeared to be independent dimensions of OHRQOL. Similarity between the factors was demonstrated in all three countries. The reliability of the questionnaire ranged from moderate to excellent depending on the dimension and the country. These findings provide preliminary evidence of the cross-cultural stability of the OHRQOL questionnaire in New Zealand, Poland and Germany, for both children and adults. Further investigations by the present authors of the properties of the instrument in other samples will focus on demonstrating the stability and replicability of the factor structure identified here.\n      </p>", "This paper develops the arguments in a previous paper on periodisation in comparative historical contexts by the same author in BJES (vol.42, no.3, September 1994, pp. 261-272).\n      </p>", "The search for effective and efficient climate policy has led to a major expansion in the use of market-based instruments and voluntary agreements (New Environmental Policy Instruments [NEPIs]) at national and international levels. Yet, despite the prevalence of these instruments as an outcropping of the broader shift toward neoliberal approaches to environmental policies, tremendous diversity exists in the way signatories to the Kyoto Protocol have deployed NEPIs. Drawing on recent geographical and political science research on the neoliberalization of nature, this article reexamines reasons for geographical variations in market environmentalism and, in particular, the role of national policy styles in refracting neoliberal influence on environmental policy. In so doing, I argue that policy styles are too frequently conceptualized in terms of state processes, overlooking complex and territorialized social relations between regulators and regulated parties. To illustrate this claim, I compare the implementation of climate policy in the United Kingdom and Germany, exploring the effects of national policy styles on NEPI deployment, factors contributing to industry reactions to market-based and voluntary measures, and how national policy styles color these evaluations. This is used to argue that understanding geographical variations in market environmentalism requires greater appreciation of the role of industry groups in the creation, defense, and evolution of national policy styles. I conclude by reflecting on the study's implications for the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol.\n      </p>", "Intergenerational support exchanges are of particular interest in the ageing populations of Europe. This paper investigates the relationship between private and public financial transfers to and from elderly people using data from Germany. First, the determinants of private transfer giving are analysed. We find a positive correlation between the amount of public transfers elderly people receive and the private transfers they give. This mechanism can be interpreted as a detour system, an inefficient backflow of pay-as-you-go financed pensions to the young generation. On the other hand, we find for the much smaller group of elderly people who receive private financial support, that these transfers are negatively correlated with the public transfers they receive. Therefore, the \"crowding out\" hypothesis cannot be rejected and it is possible that public transfers to older people by the German welfare state may displace private financial support which they would otherwise have received. /// Les \u00e9changes interg\u00e9n\u00e9rationnels de solidarit\u00e9 sont d'un int\u00e9r\u00eat particulier dans l'\u00e9tude des populations vieillissantes de l'Europe. Cet article explore la relation entre les transferts financiers priv\u00e9s et publics en provenance des personnes \u00e2g\u00e9es vivant en Allemagne, et \u00e0 destination de ces m\u00eames personnes. Une corr\u00e9lation positive est observ\u00e9e entre le volume des transferts publics que les personnes \u00e2g\u00e9es re\u00e7oivent et celui des transferts priv\u00e9s qu'elles distribuent. Ce m\u00e9canisme peut \u00eatre interpr\u00e9t\u00e9 comme un syst\u00e8me de d\u00e9tournement, un retour inefficace des retraites en direction des jeunes g\u00e9n\u00e9rations qui les financent. D'autre part, il appara\u00eet que, parmi le petit groupe de personnes \u00e2g\u00e9es qui re\u00e7oivent des transferts priv\u00e9s, ces transferts sont n\u00e9gativement corr\u00e9l\u00e9s avec les transferts publics dont elles sont b\u00e9n\u00e9ficiaires. C'est pourquoi l'hypoth\u00e8se selon laquelle les transferts publics se substituent aux transferts priv\u00e9s ne peut \u00eatre rejet\u00e9e, et c'est pourquoi est possible que les transferts publics aux personnes \u00e2g\u00e9es par l'\u00e9tat providence en Allemagne puissent prendre la place des transferts priv\u00e9s qu'ils auraient pu recevoir en l'absence de ces transferts publics.\n      </p>", "The capercaillie (Tetrao urogallus) is endangered in Central Europe; knowledge of its spatial requirements is vague but important for conservation. I radiotracked 40 capercaillie during 1988-92 in the Bavarian Alps, Germany, to study annual range use patterns and to identify habitat needs for capercaillie conservation. Annual home ranges of females (n = 7) and males (n = 19) were not different in size (P = 0.56), diameter (P = 0.41), or vegetation (P &gt; 0.15). Home range size varied between 132 and 1,207 ha, and averaged 550 ha (SE = 52 ha). Home range size was inversely related to availability of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus) (P &lt; 0.001) and late stages of forest succession (P &lt; 0.01) within the home range. Both sexes tended to occupy the same annual and seasonal home ranges in consecutive years. None of 7 females and 10 of 20 males used distinct, nonoverlapping midwinter and midsummer home ranges. Throughout the year, distances of females from the leks they attended in spring averaged 1.3 km (SE = 0.1 km). In winter and spring, males aggregated within a 1-km radius of the lek, but dispersed within a 3-4-km radius during summer. Males returned to leks between August and December. Timing of movements from the lek to the summer range was age related (P &lt; 0.001), and &gt;5-year-old males were the last to leave. Movements of males to summer ranges could not be explained by food sources and may be related to predator avoidance. In the course of a year, birds of 1 lek may use a 30-50-km2 area. Therefore, maintaining leks and habitat within 3-4 km of the lek center should be emphasized in capercaillie conservation.\n      </p>", "In this review I describe the development of environmental medicine as a specialized field of clinical medicine in Germany. New scientific societies were founded, based on traditions of public hygiene and occupational medicine, as a reaction to environmental issues concerning human health. Environmental medicine issues were also addressed by independent \"critical\" physicians. The first institutions to accept patients were centers for environmental medicine affiliated with research institutions and/or with the public health service. Medical professional organizations, particularly the German General Medical Council, described the need for and formulated conditions for additional qualification for doctors in environmental medicine, including a 200-hr course. This course and a qualifying exam were passed by about 3,000 doctors, mainly from the public health service and from occupational medicine. Unfortunately, few general physicians in primary outpatient care were similarly trained. To date, no representatve study has been conducted on environmental patients, but I include in this review a typical list of patients' complaints. I also summarize research activities typical for environmental medicine in Germany. Present problems concern accounting systems and, for example, diagnosis and treatment of patients with multiple chemical sensitivities (MCS). A coordinated research program on MCS has been started.\n      </p>", "This article discusses the policy and politics of dual nationality in Germany. It contrasts the policy reality, in which dual nationality is tolerated in a wide range of cases, with Germany's continued oppositon in principle to this phenomenon. It then analyzes political, cultural and electoral factors to explain why this opposition persists despite these widespread exceptions. In conclusion, the article argues that by continuing formally to oppose dual nationalities, Germany in effect discourage naturalizations and thereby continues to operate a broadly exclusive citizenship.\n      </p>", "As an instance of externally induced regime change, the postwar West German case is both highly exceptional and importantly paradigmatic; it is more usefully read as a cautionary tale than as a recipe for future action. Local circumstances, some tied to earlier patterns of social and political development but many produced by the cold war and the particular nature of the Nazi dictatorship, promoted successful institution building while attenuating postwar pressures for moral clarity. The rapid development of strong institutions, combined with moral ambiguity on questions touching the Nazi past, helped build popular support for the new democratic regime. West German success in the institutional realm was the result of probably nonreplicable circumstances, while frustration in the quest for justice is built into the logic of democratization processes and indeed persists after democratic consolidation has occurred. Externally engineered democracies are likely to remain a rarity.\n      </p>", "This paper makes an intervention in the debates on postmodernism as dominant social and cultural order of the present from the perspective of post-socialist transformation. Grounded in an analysis of theoretical discourses and of qualitative interviews, it highlights the hierarchical time/space constructions and universalizing tendencies inherent in many proclamations of the postmodern epoch and contests the uncritical acceptance of the 'end of history' metanarrative. Post-socialist transformation is shown to be a complex process that fits uneasily into pre-given categories and disrupts an ordering logic that divides between a western, postmodern 'us' and 'the rest' of the world. My argument is formulated on the basis of research on the transformative processes in former east Germany.\n      </p>", "An exploration well drilled at the Middle Eocene fossil site of Messel, near Darmstadt, Germany proved that the famous Messel oil shale was deposited in a maar lake. During a quantitative palynological investigation of the entire succession of lake sediments, a monospecific population of dinoflagellate cysts was encountered. Based on transmitted light and scanning electron microscope (SEM) studies, they are assigned to the new peridinioid taxon Messelodinium thielepfeifferae gen. et sp. nov. because they are acavate and lack distinct apical or antapical horns. The dinoflagellate cysts exhibit considerable intraspecific variation in surface ornamentation. Messelodinium thielepfeifferae gen. et sp. nov. is abundant in sediments of the early holomictic stage of Lake Messel, but generally is reduced in frequency in the oil shale which represents the meromictic stage. These dinoflagellate cysts appear in peak abundances in mass flow and debris flow deposits in which material from the lake shore was transported downslope to the basin center. Thus, major concentrations of Messelodinium thielepfeifferae gen. et sp. nov. occurred in nearshore environments either due to primary population density of the parent motile stage, or due to secondary cyst accumulation by wind and wave action. The dinoflagellate cysts are notably absent in the uppermost 25 m of the core, where Botryococcus dominates. This shift in algal populations is interpreted as a response to changes in the chemistry of the water body.\n      </p>", "Women's experiences of migration, and their relationship to a host country, vary significantly from those of migrant men simply because pregnancy is a possibility. The concept of \"demographic theft\" highlights popular anxieties regarding high fertility among foreigners, including undocumented migrants. This article examines pregnant undocumented women's experiences with the health care system and relationship to the state in Germany. It also provides a discussion of how a restrictive immigration climate, particular models of citizenship, and liberal family laws have resulted in unique practices surrounding paternity claims. It is based on long-term ethnographic data to highlight contradictions and ambiguities in the policy environment and utilizes the notion of stratified reproduction to bring new evidence regarding mothers' deportability and practices of paternity.\n      </p>", "In Germany, the share of the older population has been continuously growing. Is the increase paralleled by a rising number of frail people, however? In search of an answer, we analyse the development of care need incidence in West Germany between 1986 and 2005 on the basis of longitudinal data from the German Socio-Economic Panel (SOEP). The results show a lower transition risk to care need for each successive cohort when all degrees of care need are taken into account. However, no change occurs when only severe care need is measured. /// En Allemagne, la proportion relative de personnes \u00e2g\u00e9es ne cesse d'augmenter. Cette tendance s'accompagne-t-elle d'une \u00e9l\u00e9vation de la proportion de personnes d\u00e9pendantes? Afin d'explorer cette question, nous analysons le processus de transition vers la dependance en Allemagne de l'Ouest entre 1986 et 2005, \u00e0 l'aide des donn\u00e9es du Panel Socio-Economique Allemand. Les r\u00e9sultats indiquent une abaissement du risque de transition entre les cohortes les plus anciennes et les cohortes les plus r\u00e9centes, quand tous les degr\u00e9s de d\u00e9pendance sont pris en compte. Toutefois, on n'observe pas de changement pour ce qui est de la d\u00e9pendance la plus lourde.\n      </p>", "Where there was a settled political geography of state power and responsibilities, the remarkable growth of global finance has put enormous pressure on national economic, political and social institutions. Furthermore, the looming crisis facing many continental European social security systems has raised many doubts about the long-term viability of the German model compared to its Anglo-American rivals. In this context, large German corporations have sought ways of sustaining their global competitiveness by, in part, restructuring their national and regional commitments. To illustrate, in this paper we concentrate on the nature and organization of German employer-sponsored pension institutions in relation to Anglo-American management practice. Two issues drive the analysis. One has to do with an emerging coalition between corporate management and shareholders with respect to the market value of the firm. The second issue has to do with the allocation of risk and uncertainty between the social partners when negotiating the financing and final value of promised retirement income. The institutional framework of collective decision-making common to many of Germany's largest firms is under pressure; three models of investment decision making relevant to pension assets and liabilities are used to illustrate this point. In doing so, we suggest that the German model is more fragile than commonly realized. We also suggest that Anglo-American management practices have penetrated and affected German corporate (national and regional) institutions and regulations. The social market lauded by advocates of stakeholder capitalism is changing rapidly, at least in the sphere of large firms and global finance.\n      </p>"], "words": {"essay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "all": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remarkable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tripartite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turkish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "passage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "modernization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "center,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medicine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "respiratory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "did": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ageing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contexts": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "obesity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contrasting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mediterranean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "perspective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "universal,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "power": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "availability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "version": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitudes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intersect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "era": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exchange": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "men": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "here": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "active": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cyclical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "residents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "formulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "put": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "undergone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "takes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distinct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "governance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "admissions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsibilities,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "town": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "migrants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "science": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specialized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dedicated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calculation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proportions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ambient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "share": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "numbers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rather": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widespread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establishment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intergenerational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "de": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "after": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mapping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entrepreneurship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "data": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solidarity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "man": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 25, "prob": 0.0002070316220099458}, "effective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsibility": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fundamental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "democratic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "through": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "signs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agricultural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cold": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "before": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "longitudinal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "late": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "persist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "areas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "finance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "postwar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bar": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "provision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "day": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "articles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "l": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "traces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eu": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agriculture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insurance": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "living": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "dioxide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggesting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "induced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differ": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remittances": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ancient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulatory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inevitable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "enormous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fertility": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "florida": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assumed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consequence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "childhood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "there": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "features": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "waves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "symbolic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "quality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "interrelationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "joseph": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "urban": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "tool": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reunification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "population": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "b": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transferred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "result": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "and": {"number": 41, "prob": 0.00033953186009631113}, "fashion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mind": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "conjugate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mostly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allergies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "isolated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "objective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vegetation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experienced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incidence": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "paid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intentions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impacting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "germany": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "enduring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "autopsy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "medical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "principle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "area,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "german": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "debate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "impact": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "communism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gulf": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distributed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eocene": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sulfur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "personality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uncontested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fossil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exceptional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "photography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morphological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "methods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "famous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "procedures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "secondary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determinants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "settings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twice": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cycles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explanations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immigrant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "culture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "are": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "federal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "between": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "affecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "probably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occupational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "europe": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "we": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficiency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linkage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "motivations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "climate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "career": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "according": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drug": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "foreign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "had": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "migrant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turkey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "union": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "west": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "political": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quickly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deposited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retrospective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eastern": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "search": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "child": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "surveys": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "former": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "novel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "budget": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "air": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "near": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "childrearing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "is": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "site": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ii": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "middle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arrangements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 51, "prob": 0.00042234450890028943}, "comparative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cohort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "author": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "same": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arguments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "oil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comprehensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lower": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "older": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "game": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "academic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "components": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "position": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 105, "prob": 0.0008695328124417724}, "soviet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gdr": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "burden": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immediately": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "germany,": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "previous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "migration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asthma": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "residential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "workers": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "demographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lake": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transformed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "transformation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "represents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "five": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "birth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "imposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "invaluable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "back": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "home": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questionnaire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "separate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "integration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hepatitis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "month,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "who": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "industrialized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expansion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "host": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "output": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "post": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "gained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 88, "prob": 0.0007287513094750092}, "discussed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meaning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concentrations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "discusses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pollution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amber": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "female": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exchanges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "malignancies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "publics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intervention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "east": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "economic,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extremely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "start": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clinical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breeding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "war": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "postmodernism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "failure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beech": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "with": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "record": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continuously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "average": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "proved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adults": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deaths": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "globally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "politics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "as": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "regime": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marxist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epidemiological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amounts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peace": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "republic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explaining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "temperatures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develops": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mass": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "once": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}