{"total_words": 1253, "documents": ["This report summarizes the Brazilian experience on the design and implementation of environmental health, with contributions from Argentina, Canada, and Cuba, presented at the International Symposium on the Development of Indicators for Environmental Health Integrated Management, held in Recife, Pernambuco, Brazil, on 17-18 June 2004. The methodology for the development of environmental health indicators has been used as a reference in the implementation of environmental health surveillance in Brazil. This methodology has provided tools and processes to facilitate the understanding and to measure the determinants of risks to environmental health, to help decision makers control those risks.\n      </p>", "Introduction: Self rated health, in adult population, is strongly associated with mortality and life expectancy. In younger people this association is less evident, but it may anticipate a similar risk in adult life. Our research, based on the HBSC (Health Behaviour in School-Aged Children) International collaboration, contributes to deepen the knowledge in this field by monitoring adolescents' health through a multinational survey involving 29 European countries, plus North America (Canada and USA) and Israel. Methods: Following an established methodology, the HBSC survey has elaborated a questionnaire on health and health behaviour, filled in by a representative national sample of 11-, 13- and 15-year-old boys and girls. The sample is constituted of more than 160,000 subjects interviewed during the 2001/2002 survey. Reported symptoms and self-rated health have been analysed by sex and age and through the different countries. Results: Girls resulted to have a poorer perception of their health, with respect to males, at all ages and in all countries (Overall OR = 1.70, 95% CI: 1.66-1.76). Age increases this risk both for males and females, with an average increase of 32% (95% CI: 29-34%) per year in the age-range 11-15. The situation is similar for reported symptoms, with an overall OR of 1.81 (95% CI: 1.77-1.85) for females of reporting three or more symptoms at least once a week; also this risk increases of 26% (95% CI: 24-27%) per year during the pre-adolescence phase. In both cases it could be shown a significant interaction effect between age and gender: OR = 1.19 (CI: 1.15-1.23) for perceived health and OR = 1.26 (CI: 1.23-1.29) for reported symptoms in females with respect to males. Conclusions: Even if adolescence is described as the healthiest period of life, a consistent minority of young people perceive and report a poor health and a high number of symptoms. Females are constantly in a worse position than males and older age groups are worse than younger ones.\n      </p>", "Background: Despite a growing number of studies of patients' health values (utilities), little is known about health values of patients with mental illness, particularly bipolar (manic-depressive) disorder. Methods: We administered a computerized rating scale, time tradeoff, and standard gamble to 53 patients. Patients were asked to rate or value their current state of health overall and then their current mental health. In addition, we administered the SF-36; Inventory of Depressive Symptoms (IDS-C); Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS); Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS); and Global Assessment of Functioning Scale. Results: The patients' median (25th, 75th percentile) age was 43 (37, 50); 62% were female. Mean (\u00b1SD) health ratings for current overall health were 68.0 (\u00b120.3) vs. 61.0 (\u00b125.7) for current mental health (p-value for difference = 0.02). On the time tradeoff, scores for current overall health averaged 0.71 (\u00b10.37) vs. 0.61 (\u00b10.39) for current mental health (p = 0.02); on the standard gamble, mean scores were 0.77 (\u00b10.32) for current overall health vs. 0.70 (\u00b10.35) for current mental health (p = 0.11). In univariate analyses, rating scale, time-tradeoff, and standard gamble scores for both current overall health and for current mental health were correlated with the SF-36 and all psychiatric scales (|r| = 0.22-0.76) except the YMRS (|r| \u2264 0.13). In multivariable analyses, health values for current overall health were related to factors different from those that were related to health values for current mental health $(R^{2}=0.38-0.65)$ , and none of the health value measures was related to the YMRS. Conclusion: Health values of patients with bipolar disorder are higher for their current health overall than for their current state of mental health. Health values are related to certain health status attributes and to level of depression but perhaps not to level of mania.\n      </p>", "The aim of this paper is to give an overview on the development, current status and future challenges of health economics in Hungary. We identified the major challenges during the development of health economics in Hungary. The greatest challenge that health economics faced in the early and mid-1990s was the lack of well-qualified professionals because in Central and Eastern European countries there had not been any relevant trainings before. It was the next major challenge for the Hungarian health care financing system to integrate the results from health economics studies into the decision making processes of public administration, through the development of the legal framework and institutionalisation health economics. Hopefully, the development of health economics in Hungary over the last 15 years will continue, which is greatly stimulated by hosting the 6th European Conference on Health Economics in Budapest in 2006.\n      </p>", "The aim of this study was to investigate what psychosocial predictors, life-style factors and health behaviors in early adulthood are of importance for self-ratings of health after the age of 45. Like-sexed adult twins born 1926-1950 (n = 16,080) from the Swedish Twin Registry that participated in a questionnaire in 1973 and in a telephone interview conducted between 1998 and 2002 were included. Exposure data was collected in 1973 and information on self-rated health and covariates was collected at the second contact 25 years later. Logistic regression using Generalized Estimating Equations was used to evaluate the associations. Conditional logistic regression was used to control for familial and genetic effects in the sample. Pain, lack of exercise, smoking, obesity, unemployment, perceived stress and personality are associated with future poor self-rated health, after controlling for age, sex, illness, education and socio-economic status. Familial and genetic effects influence the associations between recurrent headache, exercise, obesity, and poor self-rated health. Overall, these findings provide support for long-term effects of health behavior and psychosocial risk factors on poor self-ratings of health, beyond the influence of obvious health consequences such as disorders or illnesses. Genetic and familial factors are of importance only for some of these associations.\n      </p>", "This study explores the demand for private health care and supplemental health insurance in Israel, where universal national health insurance provides all inhabitants with a standard package of medical care. Our theoretical model and empirical study follow research previously conducted in four other countries. It was found that the self-employed in Israel demand more private health services and supplemental health insurance than wage-earners. Income, age, education, health status, marital status, origin, and profession were found to play a part in explaining these demands.\n      </p>", "This article focuses on the redistributive effects of different measures to finance public health insurance. We analyse the implications of different financing options for public health insurance on the redistribution of income from good to bad health risks and from high-income to low-income individuals. The financing options considered are either income-related (namely income taxes, payroll taxes, and indirect taxes), health-related (co-insurance, deductibles, and no-claim), or neither (flat fee). We show that governments who treat access to health care as a basic right for everyone should consider redistributive effects when reforming health care financing.\n      </p>", "We need to critically assess the present quality of the marine ecosystem, especially the connection between ecosystem change and threats to human health. In this article we review the current state of indicators to link changes in marine organisms with eventual effects to human health, identify research opportunities in the use of indicators of ocean and human health, and discuss how to establish collaborations between national and international governmental and private sector groups. We present a synthesis of the present state of understanding of the connection between ocean health and human health, a discussion of areas where resources are required, and a discussion of critical research needs and a template for future work in this field. To understand fully the interactions between ocean health and human health, programs should be organized around a \"models-based\" approach focusing on critical themes and attributes of marine environmental and public health risks. Given the extent and complex nature of ocean and human health issues, a program networking across geographic and disciplinary boundaries is essential. The overall goal of this approach would be the early detection of potential marine-based contaminants, the protection of marine ecosystems, the prevention of associated human illness, and by implication, the development of products to enhance human well-being. The tight connection between research and monitoring is essential to develop such an indicator-based effort.\n      </p>", "Until 2007, when the new legislation on health care becomes effective, the right to receive free health care services in Denmark, or \"health benefits,\" are described in a comprehensive set of legislation, including laws, executive orders and legal guidelines. This contribution provides an overview of the current main legislation regulating the Danish \"health benefit basket\" and describes the regulatory mechanisms for the provision of curative care at Danish hospitals and primary health care offices. Although the services are both financed and planned by the counties, they differ substantially in the way that benefits are regulated.\n      </p>", "In this paper we give a practical overview of the changes in the financing of health care in Hungary. We describe the financing system of general practitioners, home care (nursing), out-patient care and the acute and chronic care of hospitals. We show how the financial system has changed after the political changes of 1990. The global budget approach of the 1980s was replaced by performance-related financing methods including the ICPM (International Classification of Procedures in Medicine) code system of the WHO (World Health Organization) in out-patient care and the introduction of HBCS (Homog\u00e9n Betegs\u00e9gcsoportok, \"Homogeneous Disease Groups\") in in-patient care. We underline that the efforts made towards reforming health care financing resulted in an activity-related financing system.\n      </p>", "Background: If an 85-year-old man rates his health as 90 on a scale in which 100 represents \"perfect health,\" would his rating mean the same thing as a 90 rating from a 25-year-old? We conducted a randomized trial of 3 different ways of eliciting subjective health ratings from participants in the Health and Retirement Study to test whether the meaning of perfect health changes as people age, causing people to recalibrate their self-reported health ratings to account for their age. Methods: The Health and Retirement Study (HRS) is a nationally representative, prospective study of 22,000 persons born in 1947 or earlier. The data analyzed in this study come from the self-assessed health utilities module administered in 2002 to 1031 randomly selected HRS respondents. Respondents were randomized to receive one of 3 versions of a subjective health rating task. In the perfect health version, they were asked how they would rate their \"current health on a scale from 0 to 100, in which 0 represents death and 100 represents perfect health.\" In the your-age version, the phrase \"for someone your age\" was added to the end of the question to encourage people to recalibrate their responses based on age, and in the 20-year-old version, the phrase \"for a 20-year-old\" was added to minimize recalibration. Results: A total of 1015 subjects responded to the rating task (98% response rate). Health ratings varied significantly across versions, with subjects responding to the 20-year-old version reporting lower health (mean rating 66 of 100) than those responding to the your-age version (mean rating of 73, P &lt; 0.001) or the perfect health version (mean rating of 73, P &lt; 0.001). This result suggests that subjects interpret perfect health to mean \"perfect health for someone your age.\" However, additional analysis showed that the interpretation of the phrase perfect health lies somewhere between the other 2 versions. For example, responses to the perfect health and 20-year-old versions varied significantly by respondent age (both P's &lt; 0.075), whereas responses to the your-age scale did not (P = 0.8). Conclusion: The phrase \"perfect health\" is ambiguous, causing some people to recalibrate their responses based on their age. Such ambiguity threatens the validity of common subjective health ratings, thereby reducing the comparability of responses across people of different ages or different circumstances.\n      </p>", "Purpose: To explore whether self-reported happiness is associated with mental and physical health status among young adults. Methods: Cross-sectional survey of 1257 randomly selected university students in Geneva, Switzerland. The questionnaire included an item that probed the feeling of happiness in the past month, the Short Form-12 health survey (from which mental and physical health scores were computed), scales to measure self-esteem, stress, and social support, reports of various life problems, and socio-demographic information. Results: Most participants felt happy all of the time or most of the time (63%). In multivariate analysis, feeling happy all or most of the time was strongly associated with better mental health (odds ratios for consecutive quartiles of mental health scores: 1.0 (reference), 6.8 (95% confidence interval (CI): 4.5-10.1), 19.2 (95% CI: 12.2-30.2), 39.9 (95% CI: 22.4-71.0)), but also with the feeling of getting enough love and affection (item from the social support scale, odds ratio: 1.9; 95% CI: 1.4-2.7), female sex (odds ratio: 1.5; 95% CI: 1.1-2.1), being Swiss (odds ratio: 1.8; 95% CI: 1.3-2.5), and higher self-esteem (odds ratios for consecutive quartiles ranged from 1.0 to 3.5, 95% CI: 2.1-5.8). The association between happiness and physical health was weak and statistically non-significant. Conclusions: The strong association between happiness and mental health suggests that asking people if they are happy may help identify mental health care needs. Self-reported happiness may also be a useful outcome measure for evaluation of health interventions.\n      </p>", "Do self-evaluations of general health change as individuals age? Although several perspectives point to age-related shifts, few researchers have compared them. For this article, several competing hypotheses were tested using a large, nationally representative, and longitudinal data set. The results suggest two trends. First, the correspondence between functional limitations and self-rated health declines, especially after age 50. Similarly, the correspondence between various chronic conditions and self-rated health declines with age. These findings are consistent with social comparison theory. Yet, the results also suggest that the correspondence between depressive symptoms and self-rated health increases. Indeed, after age 74, the correspondence between self-rated health and some common symptoms of depression becomes stronger than that between self-rated health and several chronic, and often fatal, somatic conditions. This crossover has important implications for the detection and treatment of depressive symptoms in later life.\n      </p>", "The assumption that a centrally planned national health care system could match resources to needs has proved to be a chimera. Shortages are inherent in any system that is more or less \"free at the point of access\" while it still permits unlimited scientific innovation for its patients. Rationing by science is as unsatisfactory as is political or economic rationing: equality in health care cannot be in balance with uncontrolled technological innovation.\n      </p>", "Context: Health care costs in the United States are much higher than those in industrial countries with similar or better health system performance. Wasteful spending has many undesirable consequences that could be alleviated through waste reduction. This article proposes a conceptual framework to guide researchers and policymakers in evaluating waste, implementing waste-reduction strategies, and reducing the burden of unnecessary health care spending. Methods: This article divides health care waste into administrative, operational, and clinical waste and provides an overview of each. It explains how researchers have used both high-level and sector- or procedure-specific comparisons to quantify such waste, and it discusses examples and challenges in both waste measurement and waste reduction. Findings: Waste is caused by factors such as health insurance and medical uncertainties that encourage the production of inefficient and low-value services. Various efforts to reduce such waste have encountered challenges, such as the high costs of initial investment, unintended administrative complexities, and trade-offs among patients', payers', and providers' interests. While categorizing waste may help identify and measure general types and sources of waste, successful reduction strategies must integrate the administrative, operational, and clinical components of care, and proceed by identifying goals, changing systemic incentives, and making specific process improvements. Conclusions: Classifying, identifying, and measuring waste elucidate its causes, clarify systemic goals, and specify potential health care reforms that-by improving the market for health insurance and health care-will generate incentives for better efficiency and thus ultimately decrease waste in the U.S. health care system.\n      </p>", "China's rural health care system has undergone major changes since the early 1980s, when the country began privatising rural health services. Following fiscal devolution, the rural primary health service was transformed into a fee-for-service system, dependent on the availability of local resources. This article reports some of the results of a study undertaken in 1994-96 to examine the impact of privatization on financing, provision and use of reproductive health services by women in two rural counties in Yunnan Province, China. The most common self-reported symptoms of reproductive morbidity were abnormal vaginal discharge and vaginal tears during home delivery, which went mostly untreated. Hospital-based delivery and use of antenatal care was very low, adversely affected by costs and perceived low quality. Service quality was affected by low investment in training, maintenance and supervision of workers. Most of the burden for maternal and child health care fell on local health workers, yet resources for these services had declined from 1985 to 1995. Only support for family planning services, which were funded and provided separately, had increased. Rural women's reproductive health needs were inadequately attended to by rural health services following reforms. Our data has helped to increase attention to those needs within planned reform efforts. /// Le syst\u00e8me de sant\u00e9 en Chine rurale s'est profond\u00e9ment transform\u00e9 quand le pays a commenc\u00e9 \u00e0 privatiser les soins de sant\u00e9 primaires au d\u00e9but des ann\u00e9es 80. Apr\u00e8s la d\u00e9centralisation fiscale, ces services sont devenus payants, d\u00e9pendant donc des ressources locales. En 1994-95, une \u00e9tude a examin\u00e9 l'impact de la privatisation sur le financement, l'offre et l'utilisation des services de sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique par les femmes dans deux comt\u00e9s du Yunnan. Les femmes se plaignaient le plus fr\u00e9quemment de pertes vaginales anormales et de d\u00e9chirures pendant les accouchements \u00e0 domicile, qui ne recevaient g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement pas de traitement. Les femmes recouraient rarement aux soins pr\u00e9natals et aux accouchements en milieu hospitalier, on\u00e9reux et de qualit\u00e9 jug\u00e9e m\u00e9diocre. La faiblesse des investissements dans la formation, l'entretien et la supervision du personnel abaissait la qualit\u00e9 des services. Les agents de sant\u00e9 assumaient l'essentiel des soins de sant\u00e9 maternelle et infantile, pourtant les ressources allou\u00e9es \u00e0 ces services avaient d\u00e9clin\u00e9 de 1985 \u00e0 1995. Seul le soutien aux services de planification familiale, financ\u00e9s et dispens\u00e9s s\u00e9par\u00e9ment, a augment\u00e9. Apr\u00e8s les r\u00e9formes, les services de sant\u00e9 r\u00e9pondaient mal aux besoins en sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique des rurales. L'\u00e9tude a attir\u00e9 l'attention sur ces besoins dans le cadre d'efforts planifi\u00e9s de r\u00e9forme. /// El sistema de la salud rural en China ha cambiado desde los a\u00f1os 80 cuando se comenz\u00f3 a privatizar los servicios de salud rural. Este art\u00edculo presenta algunos resultados de un estudio realizado en 1994-95 acerca del impacto que tuviera la privatizaci\u00f3n sobre el financiamiento, prestaci\u00f3n y uso de los servicios de la salud reproductiva para mujeres en dos condados rurales en la Provincia de Yunnan, China. El uso de los servicios de atenci\u00f3n antenatal y de parto hospitalario era muy bajo debido a sus costos y una percepci\u00f3n negativa de su calidad que estaba afectada por la baja inversi\u00f3n en la capacitaci\u00f3n, mantenci\u00f3n y supervisi\u00f3n de los trabajadores. Aunque la mayor parte de la carga de atenci\u00f3n en salud materno-infantil reca\u00eda en los trabajadores de salud locales, entre 1985 y 1995 se disminuyeron los recursos asignados a dichos servicios. \u00danicamente el apoyo a los servicios de planificaci\u00f3n familiar, los cuales eran financiados y prestados aparte, fue incrementado. Despu\u00e9s de las reformas, las necesidades de las mujeres rurales en cuanto a la salud reproductiva no recib\u00edan una atenci\u00f3n adecuada de los servicios de salud rural. Nuestros datos han ayudado a aumentar la atenci\u00f3n a dichas necesidades dentro del contexto de las reformas.\n      </p>", "Health sector reforms in China, instituted starting in 1985, have centred on cost recovery, with fee-for-service revenue replacing public budget funding. The share of public funding for maternal health services was reduced greatly, forcing an increasing proportion of pregnant women to pay for deliveries and treatment of pregnancy-related complications out of pocket, as most had no health insurance to cover these costs. This study aimed to identify socio-economic variables associated with utilisation of essential maternal health services and linked to health sector reforms in China, with a focus on cost recovery. A retrospective household survey (n = 5756) was carried out in six counties in three provinces of Central China in 1995. Antenatal service utilisation continued to improve in 1990-95, but only in relation to the number of visits, which were pre-paid if the woman was participating in a maternal pre-payment scheme or covered by another health insurance scheme. Significant decreases were found in the utilisation of skilled attendance at delivery and hospital delivery, as well as differences in adverse pregnancy outcomes (miscarriages and stillbirths) between women paying out of pocket and those covered by insurance. This study confirms a strong association between utilisation of delivery services and financing variables of amount of savings in the bank, maternal pre-payment schemes and health insurance. It also shows the critical importance of out-of-pocket, fee-for-service payments for maternity care as a barrier to the utilisation of these services. /// Les r\u00e9formes du secteur de la sant\u00e9 en Chine, commenc\u00e9es en 1985-89, se sont centr\u00e9es sur la r\u00e9cup\u00e9ration des co\u00fbts, la r\u00e9tribution des services rempla\u00e7ant le financement public. Une enqu\u00eate r\u00e9trospective aupr\u00e8s de m\u00e9nages (n = 5756) a \u00e9t\u00e9 men\u00e9e en 1995 dans six comt\u00e9s de trois provinces de Chine centrale. L'utilisation des services pr\u00e9natals a continu\u00e9 de s'am\u00e9liorer en 1990-95, mais seulement par rapport au nombre de visites, qui \u00e9taient pr\u00e9pay\u00e9es si la femme participait \u00e0 un plan de pr\u00e9voyance maternelle ou couvertes par une autre assurance maladie. Des diminutions notables ont \u00e9t\u00e9 observ\u00e9es dans le recours \u00e0 une aide qualifi\u00e9e lors de l'accouchement et des services obst\u00e9triques hospitaliers, ainsi que des diff\u00e9rences dans les issues n\u00e9gatives de la grossesse (fausses couches et mortinatalit\u00e9) entre les femmes payant les soins de leur poche et celles qui \u00e9taient couvertes par une assurance. Cette \u00e9tude confirme une nette association entre l'utilisation de services obst\u00e9triques et les variables financi\u00e8res que sont les comptes d'\u00e9pargne, les plans de pr\u00e9voyance maternelle et l'assurance maladie. Elle montre \u00e9galement que la r\u00e9tribution personnelle des soins obst\u00e9triques est un obstacle \u00e0 l'utilisation de ces services. /// Las reformas del sector salud instituidas en China a partir de 1985 se han centrado en la recuperaci\u00f3n de costos, con el pago de honorarios por servicios prestados reemplazando el financiamiento p\u00fablico como fuente de ingresos. En 1995, se hizo una encuesta retrospectiva de hogares (n = 5756) en seis condados en tres provincias de la China Central. La utilizaci\u00f3n de los servicios antenatales segu\u00eda mejor\u00e1ndose en 1990-95, pero solamente en relaci\u00f3n al n\u00famero de visitas, las cuales se pagaban con anticipaci\u00f3n si la mujer participaba en un plan de pago prospectivo para los servicios de maternidad o si estaba cubierta por otro tipo de seguro de salud. Se encontraron reducciones significativas en la utilizaci\u00f3n de personal calificado para la atenci\u00f3n de partos y para los partos en hospital, adem\u00e1s de diferencias en los resultados de los embarazos (abortos espont\u00e1neos y nacidos muertos) entre las mujeres cubiertas por un seguro y aquellas que pagaban honorarios por su cuenta. Este estudio confirma que existe una fuerte asociaci\u00f3n entre la utilizaci\u00f3n de los servicios de maternidad y los variables de financiamiento tales como cuentas de ahorro, planes de pago prospectivo, y seguros de salud. Muestra tambi\u00e9n que el pago de honorarios por los servicios de salud materna es un obst\u00e1culo cr\u00edtico para la utilizaci\u00f3n de dichos servicios.\n      </p>", "Rationale, aim and methodology In order to measure the change in health status in Sweden, the generic health-related quality of life instrument, the EQ-5D, was included in the 1998 (n = 4,950) and 2002 (n = 49,914) cross-sectional postal Public Health Surveys, a representative sample (21-84 years) of the Stockholm County population, with response rates about 63% in both years. The EQ-5D provides data on five dimensions of health as well as an overall index value (1 = full health; 0 = dead). Results Over time the health index decreased statistically significantly from 0.858 to 0.841 for men and from 0.833 to 0.797 for women. Women had significantly more health problems in 2002 in four out of the five dimensions, with the largest increase in the dimensions anxiety/ depression (33-43%) and pain/discomfort (47-53%). The health index was significantly lower in all age-groups for women. Men had significantly more health problems 2002 in two dimensions, and the largest increase in anxiety/depression (24-31%). The health index decreased significantly over time for younger men. Conclusion The observed deterioration in health status over time gives reason for concern. Investigation of reasons for the declining health status should be a research priority.\n      </p>", "A single latent variable model of health status and therapeutic health care utilization is estimated for parents and own children of 6,557 US households. The equation system that identifies latent health status simultaneously determines a number of indicators of general health, including presence of morbidity symptoms, mobility limitations, medication needs, and utilization of therapeutic health care services. The main goal of the paper was to obtain an unbiased estimate of parents' marginal substitution rate between own and child health. Results indicate that parents' valuation of their children's health exceeds their valuation of own health by almost twofold on average.\n      </p>", "We employ a hazard function approach to estimate the effect of socio-economic and individual characteristics on the length of time that an individual remains in good health. The European Community Household Panel data set, for 13 European countries, for the years 1994-2002 is used. The study employs a relatively objective measure of physical health, the physical and mental health problems, illnesses and disabilities measure. The results show that socio-economic status does affect the likelihood of individuals entering bad health. In particular, unemployment experience increases and educational attainment decreases the probability that a person will cease to enjoy good health. Income effects are, however, somewhat weaker, being confined to a small number of countries and being mainly observed only for the highest income quartile. Age and gender effects are also found.\n      </p>", "This paper estimates linear structural models using LISREL and employs MIMIC models to find out factors determining child health in Pakistan. A distinction has been made in permanent and transitory health states that lend support to Grossman's (1972) stock and flow concepts of health. The paper addresses the issue of health unobservability and finds out that latent variables using MIMIC models best represent underlying child health states. To overcome problems of poor income data, factor analysis is applied to extract measures of housing and durables as indicators of socio-economic well-being of children in Pakistan. The results of the study show that child health states, both permanent and transitory, are affected significantly by factors such as parental education, socio-economic conditions, and health care variables.\n      </p>", "In this descriptive study, 100 female undocumented immigrants aged \u226518 years were interviewed about their health condition. The objective was to gain insight into the health situation and specific health problems of undocumented women. Sixty-five per cent of these undocumented women rated their health as 'poor' (moderate or bad) and 91 per cent spontaneously mentioned having current health problems. When provided with a list of 26 common health problems, subjects reported on average 11.1 complaints. Gynaecological and psychological complaints were very prevalent, but seldom mentioned spontaneously. Also obstetric problems were numerous. Undocumented women may not present important symptoms to physicians when they encounter them. We conclude that physicians should actively ask about psychological and gynaecological problems in this patient group. Special training on the health problems of undocumented female immigrants for health providers is recommended.\n      </p>", "In Japan, a number of serious public health crises involving environmental pollution, food-borne diseases, and health hazards due to pharmaceuticals (i.e., \"Yakugai\") have occurred in the past 50 years. Based on the literature, we summarize the initial investigations and the subsequent measures. Some common points emerge: (1) prolonged cause identification, (2) lack of countermeasures after the cause was identified, and (3) discrimination against victims and they contributed to spreading the damage. We identify lack of corporate ethics and ill-timed disclosure of information as the principal problems in Japan's crisis-management systems. Defects in information gathering were common to all of the cases, thus we suggest necessary corrective measures, such as the establishment of a new reporting system for health hazard-related information.\n      </p>", "Clustering countries based on health outcomes is a useful technique for assessing global health disparities. However, data on country-specific indicators of health outcomes are inconsistent across databases from different sources, such as World Bank, WHO, and UNICEF. The new database on under-five child mortality from the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation advances information about child mortality by showing both country-level estimates and confidence intervals. We used the new database for child mortality and WHO data for HALE from 160 countries to identify country clusters through model-based clustering techniques. The four clusters in 2000 and six in 2003, within levels of uncertainty, showed nonlinear distributions of health outcomes globally, indicating that no single trajectory for progression is evident. We propose the use of country clusters in further study of societal conditions that contribute to health outcomes and changes over time.\n      </p>", "The relationship between health care expenditure and health outcomes is of interest to policy makers in the light of steady increases in health care spending for most industrialised countries. However, establishing causal relationships is complex because, firstly, health care expenditure is only one of many quantitative and qualitative factors that contribute to health outcomes, and, secondly, measurement of health status is an imperfect process. This study reviews key findings and methodological approaches in this field and reports the results of our own empirical study of countries of the European Union. Our analysis examines life expectancy and infant mortality as the 'output' of the health care system, and various life-style, environmental and occupational factors as 'inputs'. Econometric analyses using a fixed effects model are conducted on a panel data set for the former 15 members of the European Union over the period 1980-1995. The findings show that increases in health care expenditure are significantly associated with large improvements in infant mortality but only marginally in relation to life expectancy. The findings are generally consistent with those of several previous studies. Caveats and improvements for future research are presented.\n      </p>", "There is the knowledge to improve the Quality of Life, Dying and Death of cancer sufferers, other patients dying of chronic diseases, HIV/AIDS and the children and elderly terminally ill and their caring family members, an estimated 100 million people globally, if palliative care and pain relief would be available. Tragically however, palliative care is only reaching a lucky few. Two third of those in need of palliative care are in the low or middle income countries. The World Health Organization (WHO) has pioneered a public health strategy to integrate palliative care into existing healthcare systems as this offers the best approach for translating new knowledge and skills into evidence-based, cost-effective interventions that can reach everyone in the population, when incorporated by governments into all levels of their healthcare systems and owned by the community. The WHO Strategy starts by establishing four foundation measures, key components that are: i) appropriate policies, 2) adequate drug availability, 3) education of the public, policymakers and the public and 4) implementation. The WHO Model has shown that it provides an effective strategy for countries to establish palliative care. The Open Society Institute has actively supported countries to establish National Palliative Care Programs according to these principles. Combined with a community strategy that involves the society through collective and social action \"Palliative Care for All\" indeed could become a reality.\n      </p>", "The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is working with selected state and local health departments, academic centers, and others to develop an environmental public health tracking initiative to improve geographic and temporal surveillance of environmental hazards, exposures, and related health outcomes. The objective is to support policy strategies and interventions for disease prevention by communities and environmental health agencies at the federal, state, and local levels. The first 3 years of the initiative focused on supporting states and cities in developing capacity, information technology infrastructure, and pilot projects to demonstrate electronic linkage of environmental hazard or exposure data and disease data. The next phase requires implementation across states. This transition could provide opportunities to further integrate research, surveillance, and practice through attention to four areas. The first is to develop a shared and transparent knowledge base that draws on environmental health research and substantiates decisions about what to track and the interpretation of results. The second is to identify and address information needs of policy and stakeholder audiences in environmental health. The third is to adopt mechanisms for coordination, decision making, and governance that can incorporate and support the major entities involved. The fourth is to promote disease prevention by systematically identifying and addressing population-level environmental determinants of health and disease.\n      </p>", "Objectives: To provide a comprehensive assessment of whether sleep problems among the chronically ill are associated with decrements in functional health and well-being, decreases in work functioning and increases in the use of health care services. Design: Cross-sectional survey of patients from the Medical Outcomes Study (MOS), an observational study of functional health and well-being. Chronically ill patients (n = 3484) were sampled from health maintenance organizations, large multi-specialty groups, and solo or single-specialty group practices in Boston, Los Angeles, and Chicago. Chronic illness subgroups include: clinical depression (n = 527), congestive heart failure (229), diabetes (n = 577), recent myocardial infarction (n = 170), hypertension (n = 2206), asthma (n = 84), back problems (n = 771), and arthritis (n = 672). ANCOVA analyses of the relationship between sleep problems and SF-36 scales and summaries were performed. In addition, a 'relative impact' analysis determined what scales or summaries were most associated with sleep problems. Main outcome measures: Eight scales and two summary measures from the SF-36 Health Survey, work productivity and work quality measures and self-reports of health care utilization. Results: Comparing chronically ill patients with no sleep problems to those with mild, moderate, or severe sleep problems revealed a direct association between sleep problems and decrements in health-related quality of life (HRQOL) as measured by SF-36 scales and summaries (MANOVA F 24.1; d.f. 24; p \u2264 0.0001). In addition, significant differences in HRQOL were found when comparing patients with and without sleep problems within most of the disease groups studied. The relative impact analysis revealed that measures of mental health and the mental health summary were most associated with sleep problem severity in the total sample and chronic disease subsets, in comparison with measures of physical health. In addition, monotonic relationships were found between severity of sleep problems and decreases in work productivity and increases in health care utilization, as expected. Conclusions: The analyses revealed that sleep problems go hand in hand with poorer mental health, diminished work productivity and work quality and greater use of health care services. Sleep problems, therefore, may be a significant confounding factor in the interpretation of health outcomes among patients with chronic diseases.\n      </p>", "In this article we describe the methodologic approaches of the Pew Environmental Health Commission at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health used to identify priority environmental health conditions and develop recommendations to establish a national environmental public health tracking network. We present the results of a survey of public health and environmental practitioners to uncover state and local health tracking needs and priorities. We describe the steps that combined the findings from the state and local health tracking survey and a review of the state of the science on environmental impacts on health to identify priority health end points. Through an examination of national health and health care databases, we then describe trends and public health effects of those diseases that may be linked to the environment. Based on this analysis, respiratory diseases and neurologic diseases are recommended as priorities for tracking. Specific end points recommended for tracking include asthma and chronic respiratory diseases, and chronic neurodegenerative diseases such as multiple sclerosis. Based on trends in reported prevalence, consideration should also be given to developmental disabilities, reproductive disorders, and endocrine/metabolic disorders. Strengthening of current efforts to track cancer and birth defects should also be included as components of a nationwide health tracking network. Finally, we present the recommendations for environmental public health tracking. These recommendations provided the groundwork for the development of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Environmental Public Health Tracking Progam that now includes 21 states, three cities, and three academic centers throughout the nation.\n      </p>", "This contribution describes the entitlements in Dutch health care and explores how these entitlements are determined and to whom they apply. The focus is on services of curative care. No comprehensive positive or negative list of individual services is included in formal laws. Instead, the legislation states only what general types of medical services are covered and generally the \"usual care\" criterion determines to which interventions patients are entitled. This criterion is not very restrictive and yields local variations in service provision, which are moderated by practice guidelines. It is conceivable, however, that the recent introduction of the DBC financing system will change the reimbursement and therefore benefit-setting policy.\n      </p>", "Background: New health warnings and contents labelling on tobacco products were introduced in Australia in 1995. Objective: To assess awareness of the new warnings at a time when a mix of packs with old and new warnings were being sold and on changes in relevant knowledge and attitudes from shortly before the implementation of the new warnings. Design and subjects: Approximately 500 smokers and 500 non-smokers were surveyed in December 1994, before implementation of the new warnings. Similar numbers were also surveyed in May 1995, part-way through implementation. Respondents were selected by random-digit dialling of telephone numbers in Australia. Smokers were oversampled. In addition, 243 smokers from the initial survey were re-surveyed in May 1995. Main outcome measures: Awareness of change to health warnings, knowledge of health warnings and tobacco smoke constituents, beliefs about the health effects of smokings, and perceived impact of the warnings. Results: There was high awareness of the new warnings, particularly among smokers, with the increased size of the new warnings being the most salient feature. More than a third of smokers reported being affected by the warnings, with reductions in consumption and talking about warnings being the most common effects. Among smokers, there was an increase in knowledge about the main constituents of tobacco smoke. The number of types of health effects mentioned also increased as did the number of warnings correctly recalled. Overall beliefs about the six warning statements became stronger. Few changes were found for non-smokers. The knowledge and recall effects were replicated in the re-contact subsample, but the belief changes were not. Conclusions: These results suggest the new health warnings are resulting in better informed smokers and thus suggest that informative health warnings can play an important role in better informing consumers.\n      </p>", "This contribution presents entitlements and benefits, decision criteria, and involved actors for services of curative care in Spain. It describes basic benefits included in the category of curative care defined by the central government and any additional benefits that some autonomous communities (ACs) have included to enlarge their own basket. It is concluded that there is no specific and explicit benefit catalogue. As no user charges exist for this category, waiting times serve as the main cost containment tool. There is a need for further legislation, as inequalities may increase across the territory as a matter of fact. Inequalities in access to health care resources between ACs are not due to differences in health baskets but mainly to the availability of technologies.\n      </p>", "'Health promotion' has unfortunately come to mean different things to different people. Interpretations have frequently been left implicit and where spelt out have often been too diffuse or too limited to be useful. Nevertheless the term can be usefully employed to define a set of health-enhancing activities in which the focus is deflected from current disease- and cure-oriented power bases. Used in this way health promotion can come to include the best of the developing theory and practice from a wide range of 'experts' but can also place due emphasis on community involvement. To reject health promotion on the basis of selected, inadequate interpretations is to discard past successes, current developments and future possiblities in important fields of activity and to preserve an inappropriate status quo.\n      </p>", "The imperative to engage with communities and employ a community development approach is an integral part of the national agenda under New Labour. However, a large part of the literature and experience that informs contemporary policy and practice draws on the urban realm. This paper draws on the evaluation of a rural Health Action Zone to explore the extent to which national policy can facilitate local approaches to community health development within a rural context. Despite avowed support for innovation and evidence-based learning, it finds a continued emphasis on consensual tactics, low-cost solutions and traditional methods of ranking deprivation.\n      </p>", "Converging themes from the fields of environmental health, ecology and health, and human ecology highlight opportunities for innovation and advancement in environmental health theory and practice. In this commentary we outline the role of research and applied programs that integrate biophysical and social sciences with environmental health practice in order to address deficiencies in each field when taken on its own. New opportunities for environmental health protection and promotion are outlined based on the three converging themes: integrated approaches to research and policy, methodological acknowledgment of the synergies between the social and biophysical environments, and incorporation of core ecosystem principles into research and practice. These converging themes are discussed in relation to their implications for new types of intervention to achieve health gains across different spatial and temporal scales at the interface between biophysical and social environments.\n      </p>", "Health care systems, irrespective of how they are financed, present the paradox that to some observers they appear as a major component of social benefits, while to other observers they seem both excessively costly and limited in their effectiveness. These differing perceptions may be explained in part by the diversity of the determinants of health and disease, only some of which are amenable to those preventive or therapeutic measures encompassed in a health care system \u2013 the majority of determinants being genetic, societal, or else uninfluenced by those interventions at present available within a health service. The share of national resources which should be devoted to health care, and the method of raising resources, are primarily matters for political decision; but a national system has advantages both of economy and of comprehensiveness. But when it comes to allocation of resources within the established health budget, the knowledge and skills of health professionals are essential to informed decision-making. The possibilities depend critically on the 'state of the art' at a given time, as is illustrated by the radical changes over time in what could be done for patients with renal failure; and health professionals are likely to be most aware of current options, and of how to choose between them. More speculatively, they are also less likely to confuse the attitudes appropriate to providing a service with those required to run a business.\n      </p>", "This article identifies and analyses a framework for \"health baskets,\" the taxonomy of benefit catalogues for curative services, and the criteria for the in- or exclusion of benefits in nine EU member states (Denmark, England, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, The Netherlands, Poland and Spain). Focusing on services of curative care, it is found that the explicitness of benefit catalogues varies largely between the countries. In the absence of explicitly defined benefit catalogues, in- and outpatient remuneration schemes have the character of benefit catalogues. The criteria for the in- or exclusion into benefit catalogues are often not transparent and (cost)-effectiveness is applied only for certain sectors. An EU-wide harmonization of benefit baskets does not seem realistic in the short or medium term as the variation in criteria and the taxonomies of benefit catalogues are large but not insurmountable. There may be scope for a European core basket.\n      </p>", "Research on the association between personality characteristics and subsequent physical health has produced several consistent findings and identified other tentative relationships. Chronic anger/hostility and neuroticism/negative affectivity are the best established personality risk factors for poor health. Optimism, social dominance, and other traits also appear to influence risk. Several mechanisms have been identified as possibly underlying these effects, but few have been evaluated definitively. Future research may be well served by incorporation of concepts and methods from current personality research.\n      </p>", "Most research using cross-country data find income elasticities equal to or exceeding unity with respect to health expenditure. These conclusions might be confounded due to omitted variables bias and the presence of unobserved country and year specific determinants of per capita health expenditures. I obtain results supporting these hypotheses using recent (1990-98) data from fifteen OECD countries. Specifically, OLS coefficient estimates drop by more than 50% with the use of two-way fixed effects models and the inclusion of various demand and supply based determinants of per capita health expenditures, implying income elasticities of between 0.21 and 0.51. Weighted Least Squares (WLS), Generalized Least Squares (GLS) and Instrumental Variables (IV) estimation yield similar results.\n      </p>", "Background: It is unknown if different national surveys that vary in mode of administration yield similar national averages for healthrelated quality of life (HRQoL). Purpose: Examine HRQoL scores from 4 surveys representative of the noninstitutionalized US adult population for patterns related to age, gender, and mode of administration. Methods: We use data from the Joint Canada/United States Survey of Health (JCUSH; telephone survey), 2002 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS; mail survey), National Health Measurement Study (NHMS; telephone survey), and US Valuation of the EuroQol EQ-5D Health States Survey (USVEQ; self-administered with interviewer present). We compare estimates from the EQ-5D, Visual Analog Scale, Health Utilities Index Mark 3, and general self-rated health stratified by age and gender. Scores were also regressed on age and gender within each survey and in a pooled analysis. Results: We used 4939 subjects from JCUSH, 23,006 from MEPS, 3844 from NHMS, and 3878 from USVEQ. The majority of age and gender strata had instrument completion rates above 85%. Age- and gender-stratified estimates of HRQoL scores tended to be consistent when mode of administration (self- or interviewer-administered) was the same. Telephone administration yielded more positive HRQoL estimates than self-administration in older age groups. Older age groups and females reported lower HRQoL than younger age groups and males regardless of mode of administration. Conclusions: When choosing survey-collected HRQoL scores for comparative purposes, analysts need to take mode of administration into account.\n      </p>", "Research on the effects of socioeconomic well-being on health is important for policy makers in developing countries, where limited resources make it crucial to use existing health care resources to the best advantage. This paper develops and tests a set of measures of socioeconomic status indicators for predicting health status in developing countries. We construct socioeconomic indexes that capture both household and community attributes so as to allow us to separate the social from the purely economic dimensions of the socioeconomic status within a cross-national perspective, with applications to data from Demographic and Health Surveys (DHS) fielded in five African countries in the 1990s. This study demonstrates the distinctive contributions of socioeconomic indexes measured at the household vs. community level in understanding inequalities in health and survival and underlines the importance of going beyond the purely economic view of socioeconomic status to cover the multidimensional as well as multilevel concept of economic and social inequality.\n      </p>", "The subject of \"health benefit basket\" has been hotly debated for years among the Polish public, but until recently the debate has tended to be largely theoretical and abstract and therefore has lacked an effect on public policy. The situation changed in 2004, for two reasons: first the verdict of the Constitutional Tribunal invalidating the existing health insurance law and, second, Poland's accession to the European Union. The first problem was solved in part by defining a list of specific exclusions in the law and a promise to establish an institution for health technology assessment. The second issue remains open, although to some extend it is being dealt with legally by regulations issued from the Ministry of Health on acceptable waiting times for health services.\n      </p>", "Place is undoubtedly relevant to health, and geography is a central character in the story of how rich societies handle inequalities in death and disease. But the text is incomplete, its scope limited by a too-delicate encounter between research and policy, and by a strange subdisciplinary divide. Accounts of the geography in health inequalities are largely, albeit subtly, locked into 'context'. They document the complex extent to which different (material, social and cultural) environments undermine or enhance resilience. They tell the tale of risky places. Our complementary narrative is written around the findings of qualitative 'compositional' research. It is about the way health itself is drawn into the structuring of society and space. This geography is a map of health discrimination, illustrated in the processes of selective placement, entrapment and displacement. By drawing attention to the 'healthism' of politics and policy in 'care-less' competition economies, this enlarged perspective might enhance the role of geography (and geographers) in both understanding and managing health inequalities.\n      </p>", "Objective\u2014To find a broad consensus on research priorities and strategies in the field of occupational health and safety in Italy. Methods\u2014A two phase questionnaire survey was based on the Delphi technique previously described in other reports. 310 Occupational safety and health specialists (from universities and local health units) were given an open questionnaire (to identify three priority research areas). The data obtained from respondents (175, 56.4%) were then used to draw up a list of 27 priority topics grouped together into five macrosectors. Each of these was given a score ranging from 1 (of little importance) to 5 (extremely important). With the mean scores obtained from a total of 203 respondents (65.4%), it was possible to place the 27 topics in rank order according to a scale of priorities. Results\u2014Among the macrosectors, first place was given to the question of methodological approach to research in this field, and for individual topics, occupational carcinogenesis and quality in occupational medicine were ranked first and second, respectively. The question of exposure to low doses of environmental pollutants and multiple exposures ranked third among the priorities; the development of adequate and effective approaches and methods for worker education and participation in prevention was also perceived as being an important issue (fourth place). Conclusions\u2014This study (the first of its kind in Italy) enabled us to achieve an adequate degree of consensus on research priorities related to the protection of occupational health and safety. Disparities in the mean scores of some of the issues identified overall as being research priorities, seem to be linked both to geographical area and to whether respondents worked in local health units or universities. This finding requires debate and further analysis.\n      </p>", "The objective of the study is to examine the relationship between different deprivation indicators and both self-rated health and emergency admission rates of older people to determine which indicators best predict the health of people in this age group. The method employed an ecological study design using data from all 100 neighbourhoods in Sheffield in 2004 and analysing relationships in three age groups 50-64, 65-74 and over 75 years. Analysis was performed using Pearson correlation coefficient. For people aged 50-64 years, receipt of income support was the best predictor of poor self-reported health (R = 0.85). For people aged 64-75 years, lack of formal educational qualifications showed the strongest relationship with poor health (R = 0.88), although there was still a significantly strong relationship between poor self-rated health and both non-property ownership (R = 0.8) and receipt of income support (R = 0.7) in this age group. For people aged 75 years and over, lack of formal qualifications showed the strongest relationship (R = 0.6, P &lt;0.001). This was reinforced by a strong relationship between this indicator and emergency admission rates. In conclusion, caution should be used when using conventional deprivation/poverty measures to select older populations to be targeted for services. Our analysis has shown that the deprivation indicator that correlates best with the subjective health rating of people aged 75 + is educational qualification.\n      </p>", "Mental health courts (MHCs) represent an important new development at the interface of the criminal justice and mental health systems. MHCs are criminal courts for persons with mental illness that were in part created to divert this population from jail/prison into community treatment. MHCs are proliferating rapidly despite limited knowledge regarding their characteristics or their efficacy. We surveyed the entire population of adult MHCs in the United States, n = 90. In the past 8 years, MHCs have been created in 34 states, with an aggregate current caseload of 7,560 clients in MHCs nationally. Most courts (92%) reported using jail as a sanction for noncompliance, if only rarely. Further, jail sanction use was significantly predicted by increased judicial supervision and number of felons in the court. Implications for MHCs and social monitoring are discussed.\n      </p>", "A 'health benefit basket' is a range of publicly entitled health-related goods and services. Primary legislation ensures the provision of broad categories of healthcare, but this provision is subject to political discretion. Case law has established that healthcare organisations may not operate a 'blanket ban' for particular services. This means that the English health basket currently has very few specific services explicitly included or excluded. Regulation may, however, be important in determining citizens' rights. With reference to 'services of curative care', this paper explores whether the NHS is moving towards a more explicit definition of a health basket.\n      </p>", "Objective: We sought to determine the accuracy of administrative data for identifying mental health service provision in primary care. Study Design: This was a chart abstraction study measuring agreement between billing data and clinical data on the binary variable \"mental health visit.\" Data were collected from the charts and billing records of 5 academic family practice clinics in Toronto, Ontario (1999 to 2000). Billing claims (n = 952) were selected from the billings for all visits by a stratified random sampling technique. A blinded data abstractor reviewed the clinical charts and assigned diagnostic codes for each patient visit associated with the selected claims. Any visit with at least 1 abstracted mental health diagnostic code was defined as a mental health visit. The test characteristics of 4 administrative measures of mental health service provision, based on different combinations of billing codes, were calculated. Results: The accuracy of the administrative data was 86.8% when compared with clinical data. The sensitivity of the 4 administrative measures ranged from 22.3% to 80.7%. The specificity ranged from 97.0% to 99.5%. Conclusions: This is the first study to establish the performance of administrative data in measuring mental health service provision in a primary care setting. In our setting, broadly defined administrative measures of mental health have excellent specificity and adequate sensitivity for exploring and understanding mental health service utilization.\n      </p>", "An increasing amount of attention is being given to the inappropriate use of contributions from the biological sciences in research on race/ethnic disparities in health. This discussion will take a first step towards productive interdisciplinary collaboration with the biological sciences by recognizing the methodological and ethical problems underlying current research on race/ethnic disparities. An alternative model is then presented that specifies the role of biology in contributing to race/ethnic disparities in health and mortality without reinforcing a biological conceptualization of race.\n      </p>", "Background: The most recent scientific findings show that even with significant emission reductions, some amount of climate change is likely inevitable. The magnitude of the climate changes will depend on future emissions and climate sensitivity. These changes will have local impacts, and a significant share of coping with these changes will fall on local governmental agencies. Public health is no exception, becuase local public health agencies are crucial providers of disease prevention, health care, and emergency preparedness services. Methods: This article presents the results of a survey of California's local pubic health officers conducted between August and October 2007. The survey gauged health officers' concerns about the public health impacts of climate change, programs in place that could help to mitigate these health effects, and information and resource needs for better coping with a changing climate. Results: The results of this survey show that most public health officers feel that climate change poses a serious threat to public health but that they do not feel well equipped in terms of either resources or information to cope with that threat. Nonetheless, public health agencies currently implement a number of programs that will help these agencies handle some of the challenges posed by a changing climate. Conclusions: Overall, the results suggest that local public health agencies in California are likely in a better position than they perceive to address the threats associated with climate change but that there is a larger role for them to play in climate policy.\n      </p>", "A contingent valuation approach to assess the health effects of chemical pesticides among Nicaraguan vegetable farmers is presented. Farmers' valuation of health is measured as their willingness to pay (WTP) for low- toxicity pesticides. Results show that farmers are willing to spend an additional amount of about 28% of current pesticide expenditure for avoiding health risks. The validity of results is established in scope tests and with a two-step regression model. WTP depends on farmers' experience with poisoning, income variables, and current exposure to pesticides. The results can help in designing rural health policies and in the formulation of programmes aiming to reduce the negative effects of pesticides.\n      </p>", "Objective: To identify the factors affecting the demand for local public health services and to compare the spending patterns of independent and unified public health departments. Data Sources/Study Setting: Cross-sectional data for 2004 from various public health departments in Connecticut. Study Design: Uses probit analysis to examine the factors affecting the consolidation of public health departments. These results help correct for sample selection bias in the estimation of the demand for local public health services using multiple regression analysis. A simulation technique determines how much each independent public health department would be expected to spend upon joining a unified public health district. Data Collection: Data obtained from various government sources in Connecticut. Ninety-two of the municipalities participated in 18 different unified public health districts whereas 77 municipalities operated independent health departments. Principal Findings: Wealthier municipalities are less likely to consolidate health departments. Population and income differences among municipalities inhibit consolidation. The tax-share elasticity of the demand for local public health is approximately -1.28 and the income elasticity equals 0.27. Little difference in spending is found between unified and independent public health departments. Conclusions: Given that differences among communities inhibit the formation of public health districts, higher levels of government may have to offer financial inducements for communities to voluntarily join a district. The relatively large tax-share elasticity means that matching intergovernmental grants have the potential of stimulating the demand for local public health. An independent public health department is unlikely to experience a sharp spike in taxes upon joining a public health district.\n      </p>", "Parametric and nonparametric estimation techniques are compared in estimating the relationship between income and health expenditures with implications for the reliability of past estimates of health expenditure income elasticity. Relative to a more flexible nonparametric approach, a parametric approach can generate over or underestimates in health expenditure. Three time series cross-section data sets are used: (a) United States state level data from 1980-1997, (b) Canadian province level data from 1965-2000, and (c) national level data for 16 OECD countries from 1960-1997. Relative to ordinary least squares, locally weighted scatterplot smoothing allows for variability in the income elasticity of health spending as income varies. Generally, results of the latter suggest that income elasticities are higher at low-income levels and lower at higher income levels. As well, these results confirm that income elasticity does vary by level of analysis with international income elasticities being generally larger than national or regional studies.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a personal view, drawing on some 30 years of working in this area, of past, present and future contributions of operational research (OR) in health in the UK. It considers developments in health and care and in OR contributions to these at local and national level since the creation of the National Health Service 60 years ago; likely future developments in health and care; and associated priorities for preparing now for OR to make a major impact on health and care in the next 40 years. The aim is to stimulate reflective thinking and promote anticipatory action among health OR practitioners of the future.\n      </p>", "We examine the institutions that comprise the U.S. health system and their relationship to a surging immigrant population. The clash between the system and this human flow originates in the large number of immigrants who are unauthorized, poor, and uninsured and, hence, unable to access a system largely based on ability to pay. Basic concepts from sociological theory are brought to bear on the analysis of this clash and its consequences. Data from a recently completed study of health institutions in three areas of the United States are used as an empirical basis to illustrate various aspects of this complex relation. Implications of our results for theory and future health policy are discussed.\n      </p>", "There is an increasing tendency for administrators and government to expect both the health services and the education service to 'show results' for the investment of public money in them. One response to this has been the growing commitment to 'health promotion', where measurable objectives may be set in terms of desired behaviour (stopping smoking, breast self-examination, child immunisation etc) and where evaluation can be made on the evidence of statistical improvement. Health workers use the term 'promotion' in a variety of ways which seem to be as confusing to them as they are to their clients \u2013 the general public. Since successful promotion is likely to depend on the 'hard sell' (and since the methodology and aims of this may be incompatible with those of health education) this paper looks at some of the questions which the customer might wish to ask the salesman before deciding whether or not to buy.\n      </p>", "Three decades ago, the world's ministries of health declared primary health care--the delivery of basic preventive and curative services--a top priority. Since then, however, the world's poorest countries have not met most primary health care goals. Twenty-six years after the Declaration of Alma Ata, we are said to be living in a time of \"limited resources,\" a phrase that construes various health interventions as competing priorities. As HIV has become the leading infectious cause of adult death in much of the world, it is difficult to argue that AIDS prevention and care are not ranking priorities for primary health care, yet precisely such arguments have held sway among international health policy makers. We present new information emerging from the scale-up of an established and integrated AIDS prevention-and-care program, based initially in a squatter settlement in central Haiti, to a second site in rural Haiti. The program includes robust prevention efforts as well as community-based therapy for advanced AIDS; three related components--women's health and active case finding and therapy for tuberculosis and sexually transmitted infections--were central to this effort. We tracked changes in key indices over the 14 months following the introduction of these services to a public clinic in central Haiti. We found that integrated AIDS prevention and care, including the use of antiretroviral agents, to be feasible in resource-poor settings and that such efforts may have favorable and readily measured impact on a number of primary health care goals, including vaccination, family planning, tuberculosis case finding and cure, and health promotion. Other collateral benefits, though less readily measured, include improved staff morale and enhanced confidence in public health and medicine. We conclude that improving AIDS prevention and treatment can help to reinvigorate flagging efforts to promote universal primary health care.\n      </p>", "The authors report on a controlled examination of the effects of mental health intervention on the use of medical services in a health maintenance organization. Thirty-six patients were randomly assigned, after initial evaluation, either to begin immediately short-term (15 weekly session) group therapy or for those same 15 weeks to remain on a waiting list. The results seemed to indicate that both patients treated immediately and patients who were wait-listed reduced their medical utilization. Wait-list patients, however, appeared to reduce health care use more than immediate-treatment patients. Further, examination of the patterns of health care use showed that wait-listed patients were more likely to have changed their patterns of utilization than immediate-treatment patients. These findings, which must be interpreted cautiously because of the small number of subjects, appear to support the results of other studies that indicate that those patients with the least mental health intervention appear to have the greatest reductions in medical utilization.\n      </p>", "The association of poor education and poor health has been consistently observed in many studies and in various countries. Thus far, studies examining the mechanisms underlying this association have looked at only a limited set of potential pathways.This study simultaneously examines six distinctive pathways, which have been hypothesized to link education and health and found support from previous studies. A causal analysis of education and health was performed using structural equation models. Data were used from six phases of the National Child Development Study, which is based on following up an initial sample of 17416 children who were born in 1958. The association between education and health appears to be explained by a combination of mechanisms: adolescent health and adult health behaviours for men and women, adult social class among men and parental social class among women. We conclude that improvements in population educational attainment may not automatically lead to improvements in population health, and that health policies for improving health and reducing health inequalities need to target specific causal pathways.\n      </p>", "Social relationships serve important functions in people's everyday lives. Epidemiological research indicates that supportive relationships may also significantly protect individuals from various causes of mortality, including cardiovascular disease. An important issue is how social support influences such long-term health outcomes. In this article, we review evidence indicating that social support may influence mortality via changes in the cardiovascular, endocrine, and immune systems. These data suggest that it may be worthwhile to incorporate social-support interventions in the prevention and treatment of physical health problems.\n      </p>", "The significance of the environment for health is increasingly being recognized. There is a need for systematic approaches to assessment of environmental factors most relevant to health, health outcomes most influenced by the environment, and the relationships between them, as well as for approaches to representing the results of such assessments in policy deliberations. As a step in the development of such methods, we used findings and data from the environmental protection and public health sectors to develop a set of measures representing topics relevant to children's environmental health. We used a definition of the environment that emphasized contaminants and a process that involved both analytic and deliberative elements. The steps in this process were to a) develop a conceptual framework to depict relationships between environment and health with relevant types of data and information, b) select topic areas of significance for children, c) identify best available data sources and devise measures, d) assess possible surrogate data sources and measures when needed, e) design and implement metrics for computation of measures using specified data elements, f) select graphical representations of measures, g) identify related measures, and h) identify data gaps. Representatives of policy and stakeholder audiences participated in this process. The measures are presented in three groups that reflect contaminants in the environment, contaminants in human tissues, and diseases and disorders. The measures present scientifically based representations of data understandable to stakeholders and policy makers that integrate key information from the health and environment sectors in a consistent format.\n      </p>", "An analysis of data from the 2000 Demographic and Health Survey shows that little use is made of antenatal and delivery-care services in rural Haiti. After adjusting for individual-level factors, poor road conditions significantly reduce the likelihood of timely receipt of antenatal care and of four or more antenatal care visits, while the availability of a health centre within 5 kilometres significantly increases the odds of each outcome. The odds of being attended at delivery by trained medical personnel and of institutional delivery are significantly reduced by mountainous terrain and distance from the nearest hospital, and are increased if a health worker providing antenatal care is present in the neighbourhood. Neighbourhood poverty reduces the likelihood of safe delivery care. The findings suggest that improving the use made of maternal healthcare services would require, among other things, improvement of the availability of services and road conditions, and the reduction of poverty.\n      </p>", "Recently, various theories of convergence of health care systems have been presented. This review of several dimensions of health priority setting in nine countries sheds light on the interrelationship between convergence and embeddedness. It reconfirms that within a co-existence of convergence and divergence, there are clusters of convergence, primarily at the ideational and social value levels. However, our findings suggest that the variation across different substantive levels is less clear cut than suggested by others. Moreover, the variation between different procedural aspects of convergence appears more significant. Certain ideas involving the need for rationing, the role of market mechanisms, and cost containment have gained recognition by health policy makers across countries, but this has not guaranteed their adoption. Our analysis demonstrates that despite these signs of a convergence at the conceptual level, policy content and the preferred policy instruments for implementing such policy continue to vary widely across these countries.\n      </p>", "Oral health-related quality of life (OHRQoL) is expected to be multidimensional. However, it is unknown what these dimensions are. This study aimed to explore the dimensional structure of OHRQoL using experts' opinions. A conceptual model of oral health with seven dimensions (functional limitation; physical pain; psychological discomfort; physical, psychological, social disability; handicap) was provided to 14 health care professionals. They assigned each of 49 items of an OHRQoL questionnaire, the Oral Health Impact Profile (OHIP), to the seven model dimensions. All 49 items could be assigned to one or more dimensions of OHRQoL. All seven dimensions of the conceptual model of oral health were identified: Functional limitation appeared 14 times, physical pain eight times, psychological discomfort 12 times, physical disability once, psychological disability four times, social disability nine times, and handicap once. This supported a seven-dimensional model of OHRQoL. However, when items were grouped into clusters with unique content, a smaller model appeared with the dimensions oral functions, orofacial pain, psychological impact, and social impact.\n      </p>", "Despite its widespread use since the concept was introduced by David Truman (1951. The Governmental Process. New York: Alfred A. Knopf), counter-mobilization by organized interests has remained theoretically ambiguous and rarely studied empirically. We more fully develop the concept of short-term counter-mobilization, distinguish it from long-term counter-mobilization, specify the conditions under which we might observe short-term counter-mobilization, and test the resulting hypotheses with data on health care lobby registrations in the American states during the late 1990s. We find little evidence of short-term counter-mobilization among health interest organizations, which leads us to more fully consider several null hypotheses about the limits of strategic behavior on the part of organized interests.\n      </p>", "Objective To explore whether variations in the EQ-5D, Health Utilities Index (HUI) Mark II (HUI2), and HUI Mark III (HUI3) index scores were associated with the survey language (Spanish vs. English) in the US Valuation of the EQ-5D Health States study. Methods The EQ-5D, HUI2, and HUI3 index scores were compared across three language/ethnic groups (i.e., non-Hispanics surveyed in English [NHE], Hispanics surveyed in English [HE], and Hispanics surveyed in Spanish [HS]) using multiple regression models. Results Of the 4,033 respondents, 568 elected to be surveyed in Spanish. After controlling for socioeconomic and health-related variables, the mean difference (standard error) in EQ-5D, HUI2, and HUI3 index scores between HS and NHE were 0.014 (0.011), 0.050 (0.012), and 0.071 (0.020), respectively. After controlling for potential confounding variables, HS were less likely than NHE to report problems/disabilities in HUI2/3 health attributes of vision, speech, self-care, emotion, pain, and cognition (range of odds ratios: 0.31-0.45, P &lt; 0.01 for all). No important differences were found in EQ-5D dimensions between any groups or in any of the index scores between HE and NHE. Conclusion Health researchers studying health status of culturally diverse populations should be aware that different preference-based health indices may lead to different results.\n      </p>", "Conventional economic explanations for uninsurance should apply to all geographic regions in the United States. However, the border states of California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas have the highest rates of uninsurance in the US, accounting for over 30% of the total US uninsured population. We use survey data from the fourth wave of the Border Epidemiologic Study on Aging (BESA), a survey from a predominantly Mexican American region of South Texas from 2005 to 2006, to analyze how health insurance coverage in the US is related to the use of health care services in Mexico. BESA includes data on the use of health care services in the US and Mexico. We estimate probit models to investigate the association between having insurance coverage in the US and having a regular doctor in Mexico, the independent variable of interest. Separate models are estimated with having private insurance, Medicare Part B insurance, and any type of public insurance as dependent variables. We deal with the endogeneity, due to reverse causality, of having a regular doctor in Mexico by using instrumental variables in a bivariate probit model. The instruments are dental care utilization in Mexico and a variable measuring frequently visiting Mexico. The results show that competition from Mexico lowers the demand for health insurance coverage in the US side of the border.\n      </p>", "This article looks at the impact of World Bank funding on health care sector performance in Central and Eastern European countries. The World Bank has been one of few organizations involved in health care sector assistance in these nations during the transition period, mainly through funds disbursement. This article tests hypotheses that those countries that perform better economically, that are more favorably evaluated by the World Bank, and that have more effective institutions are also more likely to benefit from World Bank assistance, through improvements in the performance of their health care sectors. /// Cet article consid\u00e8re l'impact des fonds de la Banque mondiale sur le fonctionnement du secteur de la sant\u00e9 dans les pays d'Europe centrale et orientale, car la Banque mondiale a \u00e9t\u00e9 l'une des rares organisations impliqu\u00e9es dans le soutien au secteur de la sant\u00e9 dans la p\u00e9riode de transition, principalement \u00e0 travers des versements. Cet article fait l'hypoth\u00e8se que ces pays qui pr\u00e9sentent de meilleures performances \u00e9conomiques, sont mieux \u00e9valu\u00e9s par la Banque mondiale et disposent d'institutions plus efficaces sont aussi plus susceptibles de tirer b\u00e9n\u00e9fice de l'aide de la Banque mondiale, \u00e0 travers l'am\u00e9lioration du fonctionnement de leur secteur de la sant\u00e9. /// El art\u00edculo analiza el impacto de los fondos del Banco Mundial en el rendimiento del sector sanitario en Europa Central y del Este, ya que el Banco Mundial ha sido una de las pocas organizaciones involucradas en la gesti\u00f3n de ayudas a este sector durante el periodo de transici\u00f3n, fundamentalmente a trav\u00e9s del desembolso de fondos. El art\u00edculo plantea la hip\u00f3tesis de que los pa\u00edses con mejor rendimiento econ\u00f3mico, los que son evaluados m\u00e1s favorablemente por el Banco Mundial, y los que est\u00e1n dotados de instituciones m\u00e1s efectivas son a su vez los que tienen m\u00e1s posibilidades de beneficiarse de la asistencia del Banco Mundial, a trav\u00e9s de mejoras en el rendimiento de su sector sanitario.\n      </p>", "Population health is a relatively new term, with no agreement about whether it refers to a concept of health or a field of study of health determinants. There is debate, sometimes heated, about whether population health and public health are identical or different. Discussions of population health involve many terms, such as outcomes, disparities, determinants, and risk factors, which may be used imprecisely, particularly across different disciplines, such as medicine, epidemiology, economics, and sociology. Nonetheless, thinking and communicating clearly about population health concepts are essential for public and private policymakers to improve the population's health and reduce disparities. This article defines and discusses many of the terms and concepts characterizing this emerging field.\n      </p>", "Adjustment to illness is influenced both by individual resources and the support available from a marital partner. In this study of 61 male heart patients and their wives, patients' self-rated health and the agreement between patient and spouse ratings of the patients' health were investigated as contributing to patients' psychosocial well-being. Patients' positive self-rating of health and also spouses' rating that concurred with their own self-rating were related to greater well-being among patients. The advantage to patient well-being of shared spouse appraisals beyond patients' own health appraisal extends the growing literature indicating the predictive utility of individual subjective health appraisals by demonstrating the added value of the perceptions of spouses who share the illness context.\n      </p>", "Using data from the first eleven waves of the German Socio-Economic Panel this study investigates the dynamic effects of health shocks on employment and economic well-being of older workers. A health shock trebles the probability of leaving the labor force and almost doubles the unemployment risk. The financial effects of health shocks are small on average and those individuals with the highest remaining earnings potential are least affected by the health shock. Welfare state instruments support the poorest section of the population but do not succeed in neutralizing the effects of a health shock for these groups.\n      </p>", "In 2001, the United States federal government began a 5-year initiative to expand services offered by health centers to people who live in area designated \"underserved\" because there are insufficient primary care medical practitioners. There were national targets for expansion. How the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) reviewed and monitored State plans to expand health centers is presented. These early results suggest that collectively the States would meet the target. Several States would require major efforts to move toward the national average and they were examined more closely.\n      </p>", "This article reviews the procedures for developing a multiattribute health index for use in population health studies and program evaluations. The development of such indexes involves two steps: 1) the creation of a multiattribute health state classification system; and 2) the mapping of the system into a single metric scale. The system must be relevant for its intended use and as concise as possible. Because a limit exists in the number of attributes that can be included in the system while maintaining reliable measurement, there may be a trade-off between specificity of detail and breadth of coverage. When mapping the system into a scale of cardinal values, five issues arise: 1) the selection of a scaling technique; 2) the use of mathematic models to quantify health; 3) the selection of anchor points; 4) the selection of raters; and 5) the identification of factors that influence raters' judgments. The article reviews the procedures that are used, discusses the issues that arise, and proposes some solutions for the development of multiattribute health indexes.\n      </p>", "Assessments of the potential human health impacts of climate change are needed to inform the development of adaptation strategies, policies, and measures to lessen projected adverse impacts. We developed methods for country-level assessments to help policy makers make evidence-based decisions to increase resilience to current and future climates, and to provide information for national communications to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The steps in an assessment should include the following: a) determine the scope of the assessment; b) describe the current distribution and burden of climate-sensitive health determinants and outcomes; c) identify and describe current strategies, policies, and measures designed to reduce the burden of climate-sensitive health determinants and outcomes; d) review the health implications of the potential impacts of climate variability and change in other sectors; e) estimate the future potential health impacts using scenarios of future changes in climate, socioeconomic, and other factors; f) synthesize the results; and g) identify additional adaptation policies and measures to reduce potential negative health impacts. Key issues for ensuring that an assessment is informative, timely, and useful include stakeholder involvement, an adequate management structure, and a communication strategy.\n      </p>", "Identifying and eliminating social disparities in cancer depend upon the availability and ready use of public health surveillance data at the national, state and local levels. As an example of advancing a statewide research agenda in cancer disparities, we present descriptive statistics from major public health surveillance data systems in Massachusetts. Disparities highlighted include higher breast cancer mortality rates among African-American women than women of other racial groups, lower rates of colorectal and cervical cancer screening among Asian-American residents, and striking gradients in cancer risk factor prevalence and screening by income and education. Challenges in utilizing public health surveillance data include lack of information in many domains of social inequity beyond race/ethnicity, uneven quality, and lack of stable, reportable data for smaller populations. Opportunities to maximize the usefulness of cancer registry data include application of geographic information systems and linkage with other data systems tracking information on health services outcomes and clinical trial participation. Analyses of surveillance data can spark advances not only in community-based participatory research but also in programs and policies that may ultimately eliminate disparities along the cancer continuum.\n      </p>", "Objective Our objective was to review measures of health-related quality of life (HRQL) for long-term follow up in children after major trauma and to determine the measures that are suitable for a large age range, reliable and valid, and cover a substantial amount of the domains of functioning using the International Classification of Functioning, Disability, and Health (ICF) of the World Health Organization (WHO). Methods The Medline and EMBASE databases were searched in all years up to October 2007 for generic HRQL measures suitable for children aged 5-18 years old and validated in English or Dutch. Measures were reviewed with respect to the age range for which the measure was suitable and reliability, validity, and content related to the ICF. Results The search resulted in 1,235 hits and 21 related articles. Seventy-nine papers met the inclusion criteria, describing in total 14 measures: Child Health and Illness Profile Adolescent and Child Edition (CHIP-AE/CE), Child Health Questionnaire Child and Parent Forms (CHQCF87/PF50/PF28), DISABKIDS, Functional Status II (FS II)(R), Health Utilities Index Mark 2 (HUI 2), KIDSCREEN 52/27, KINDL, Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL), TNO Institute of Prevention and Health and the Leiden University Hospital (TNO-AZL), TNO-AZL Children's Quality Of Life (TACQOL), and Youth Quality of Life Instrument\u2014Research Version (YQOL-R). Measures that were suitable for a large age range were CHQ-PF50/PF28, DISABKIDS, FS II(R), HUI 2, KIDSCREEN, PedsQL, and TACQOL. All measures had moderate to good psychometric properties, except for CHQ-PF50/PF28, KINDL, and TACQOL, which had either low internal consistency or bad test-retest reliability. The measures that covered more than six chapters of the ICF domains were CHIP-AE/CE, CHQ-CF87/PF50, DISABKIDS, KIDSCREEN-52, PedsQL, and TACQOL. Conclusions DISABKIDS, KIDSCREEN 52, and Peds-QL are suitable for long-term follow-up measurement of HRQL in children after major trauma. They cover a large age range, have good psychometric properties, and cover the ICF substantially.\n      </p>", "Purpose Our aim was to assess the content validity of the Patient-Reported utcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS) social health item banks by comparing a prespecified conceptual model with concepts that focusgroup participants identified as important social-healthrelated outcomes. These data will inform the process of improving health-related quality-of-life measures. Methods Twenty-five patients with a range of social limitations due to chronic health conditions were recruited at two sites; four focus groups were conducted. Raters independently classified participants' statements using a hierarchical, nested schema that included health-related outcomes, role performance, role satisfaction, family/friends, work, and leisure. Results Key themes that emerged were fulfilling both family and work responsibilities and the distinction between activities done out of responsibility versus enjoyment. Although focus-group participants identified volunteerism and pet ownership as important social-healthrelated concepts, these were not in our original conceptual model. The concept of satisfaction was often found to overlap with the concept of performance. Conclusion Our conceptual model appears comprehensive but is being further refined to more appropriately (a) distinguish between responsibilities versus discretionary activities, and (b) situate the outcome of satisfaction as it relates to impairment in social and other domains of health.\n      </p>", "Background: Pediatric medical and nursing education lack the environmental health content needed to properly prepare health care professionals to prevent, recognize, manage, and treat environmental exposure-related diseases. The need for improvements in health care professionals' environmental health knowledge has been expressed by leading institutions. However, few studies have evaluated the effectiveness of programs that incorporate pediatric environmental health (PEH) into curricula and practice. Objective: We evaluated the effectiveness of the National Environmental Education Foundation's (NEEF) Children's Environmental Health Faculty Champions Initiative, which is designed to build environmental health capacity among pediatric health care professionals. Methods: Twenty-eight pediatric health care professionals participated in a train-the-trainer workshop, in which they were educated to train other health care professionals in PEH and integrate identified PEH competencies into medical and nursing practice and curricula. We evaluated the program using a workshop evaluation tool, action plan, pre- and posttests, baseline and progress assessments, and telephone interviews. Results: During the 12 months following the workshop, the faculty champions' average pretest score of 52% was significantly elevated (p &lt; 0.0001) to 65.5% on the first posttest and to 71.5% on the second posttest, showing an increase and retention of environmental health knowledge. Faculty champions trained 1,559 health care professionals in PEH, exceeding the goal of 280 health care professionals trained. Ninety percent of faculty champions reported that PEH had been integrated into the curricula at their institution. Conclusion: The initiative was highly effective in achieving its goal of building environmental health capacity among health care professionals. The faculty champions model is a successful method and can be replicated in other arenas.\n      </p>", "In this article, a new indicator designed to capture the multidimensionality of the social health of the French regions is put to the test. Drawing on regional data for 2004, this indicator of social health (ISH) sheds new light on the social performance of the French regions. The worst performers are the highly urbanised regions, whereas others, such as Limousin, turn out to perform well in social terms. Two or three regions remain stuck at the bottom of the table regardless of the indicator used. Nord-Pas-de-Calais and Languedoc-Roussillon, which bring up the rear in terms of gross disposable income (GDI) and gross domestic product (GDP) per capita, also record very mediocre scores for social health as measured by our ISH.\n      </p>", "Objectives. As health care moves toward systems that assume accountability for defined populations, there has been increasing emphasis on developing performance measures for those systems and their providers, with little attention given to patient demand or attitudinal factors. The impact of skepticism toward health care providers on health behavior and health care utilization was assessed using a cross-sectional analysis of data from the 1987 National Medical Expenditure Survey (NMES). Methods. A nationally representative sample from the United States comprising 18,240 persons 25 years and older was surveyed. Skepticism, defined as doubts about the ability of conventional medical care to appreciably alter one's health status, was assessed through a 4-item scale. Outcome measures included health behavior, access (health care insurance, having a regular source of care, and physician type), utilization (annual number of physician or emergency department visits and hospitalizations), total annual health care expenditures, and preventive health care behavior (having had a Pap smear within 3 years or ever having had a mammogram). Results. In multivariate analyses, skepticism was associated with younger age, white race, lower income, less education, and higher health perceptions. After adjusting for these variables, skepticism was associated with less healthy behavior, with not having health insurance, not having one's own physician, choice of a physician, fewer physician and emergency department visits, less frequent hospitalizations, lower annual health care expenditures, and less prevention compliance. Conclusions. Medical skepticism represents a relevant patient demand factor that demonstrates significant associations with a variety of health care access and utilization measures with important policy implications.\n      </p>", "Most US residents receive health benefits from their employer. Groups of employees and their families are therefore the basis for health care financing. Health care costs rose dramatically during the 1980s and employers looked for ways to control them. One approach is to control the size of the group provided health benefits by an employer. This paper uses a demographic perspective to explore the determinants of change in an employer's group. It examines the linkages among employer policies, employee turnover, and family dynamics. How much control does an employer have over group size? We identify the relative contributions of employment and demographic processes to changing group size. We use a decomposition technique based on matching individual records between consecutive years. We apply this technique to a case study of the health benefits group consisting of General Motors salaried employees and their families. We find that employers face limits to the control that they can exert over the size of the health benefits group associated with their active workforce. Demographic processes unrelated to employee turnover or transfers to layoff or retirement accounted for a large portion of the population change in the case study.\n      </p>", "This research examines in detail the structure of the issue public for health care reform, drawing from extensive, nationally representative survey data tapping general attentiveness to news and public affairs, specific interests in health care issues, and motivations (e.g., personal health and financial conditions) to follow health care reform issues. We furthermore adopt a multi-dimensional approach to defining the contours of the issue public for health care policy, separately studying its cognitive, affective, and behavioral underpinnings. Results indicate only weak interconnections across these dimensions-measured through health care knowledge, holding strong opinions on health care issues, and participation in health-related political activities, respectively-and somewhat different structural and motivational patterns underlying each. Theoretical, conceptual and methodological implications of these findings are discussed.\n      </p>", "Exposure to noise constitutes a health risk. There is sufficient scientific evidence that noise exposure can induce hearing impairment, hypertension and ischemic heart disease, annoyance, sleep disturbance, and decreased school performance. For other effects such as changes in the immune system and birth defects, the evidence is limited. Most public health impacts of noise were already identified in the 1960s and noise abatement is less of a scientific but primarily a policy problem. A subject for further research is the elucidation of the mechanisms underlying noise-induced cardiovascular disorders and the relationship of noise with annoyance and nonacoustical factors modifying health outcomes. A high priority study subject is the effects of noise on children, including cognitive effects and their reversibility. Noise exposure is on the increase, especially in the general living environment, both in industrialized nations and in developing world regions. This implies that in the twenty-first century noise exposure will still be a major public health problem.\n      </p>", "In January 2001 the Pew Environmental Health Commission called for the creation of a coordinated public health system to prevent disease in the United States by tracking and combating environmental health threats. In response, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention initiated the Environmental Public Health Tracking (EPHT) Program to integrate three distinct components of hazard monitoring and exposure and health effects surveillance into a cohesive tracking network. Uniform and acceptable data standards, easily understood case definitions, and improved communication between health and environmental agencies are just a few of the challenges that must be addressed for this network to be effective. The nascent EPHT program is attempting to respond to these challenges by drawing on a wide range of expertise from federal agencies, state health and environmental agencies, nongovernmental organizations, and the program's academic Centers of Excellence. In this mini-monograph, we present innovative strategies and methods that are being applied to the broad scope of important and complex environmental public health problems by developing EPHT programs. The data resulting from this program can be used to identify areas and populations most likely to be affected by environmental contamination and to provide important information on the health and environmental status of communities. EPHT will develop valuable data on possible associations between the environment and the risk of noninfectious health effects. These data can be used to reduce the burden of adverse health effects on the American public.\n      </p>", "Dans cet article, \u00e0 partir des donn\u00e9es de l'Enqu\u00eate longitudinale nationale sur les enfants et les jeunes, nous tentons de r\u00e9pondre \u00e0 trois questions. a) \u00c9lever un enfant ayant un handicap ou une maladie chronique a-t-il un effet n\u00e9gatif sur la sant\u00e9 maternelle? b) Si oui, cet effet cro\u00eet-il \u00e0 long terme? c) Cet effet est-il plus marqu\u00e9 chez les m\u00e8res c\u00e9libataires que chez celles qui sont mari\u00e9es? Nos observations nous permettent de tirer les conclusions suivantes. Les m\u00e8res - mari\u00e9es ou c\u00e9libataires - qui \u00e9l\u00e8vent un enfant ayant un handicap ou une maladie chronique affirment \u00eatre en moins bonne sant\u00e9. Ce ph\u00e9nom\u00e8ne s'amplifie avec le temps. Quand on tient compte des variables que sont les d\u00e9terminants de la sant\u00e9, on n'observe pas de diff\u00e9rence significative entre l'\u00e9tat de sant\u00e9 des m\u00e8res c\u00e9libataires et celui des m\u00e8res mari\u00e9es, et le lien entre l'\u00e9tat de sant\u00e9 et le fait d'avoir un enfant handicap\u00e9 n'est pas plus important chez les m\u00e8res c\u00e9libataires que chez celles qui sont mari\u00e9es. /// We use the National Longitudinal Survey of Children and Youth to ask whether (a) parenting a child with a disability or chronic condition leads to lower maternal health status; (b) the association is larger over the longer term; and (c) health consequences are larger for lone than married mothers. Results show mothering a child with a disability or chronic condition leads to lower self-rated health for married and lone mothers. Effects are larger over the longer term. After controlling for differences in determinants of health, we do not observe significantly lower health status for lone mothers, or larger associations with child disability.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To investigate concern that local industrial air pollution in Teesside, England, was causing poor health, several areas there were compared with parts of the City of Sunderland. Methods\u2014Populations in similar social and economic circumstances but varying in their proximity to major industries were compared. Study populations lived in 27 housing estates in Teesside and Sunderland, north east England, with some data from subsets of estates. The estates were aggregated into zones (designated as A, B, and C in Teesside where A is closest to and C furthest from industry, and S in Sunderland). Zone S provided a reference area. The hypothesis was that a health gradient both within Teesside (A&gt;B&gt;C) and between Teesside and Sunderland (ABC&gt;S) would indicate a possible health effect of local industrial air pollution. Data presented were: mortality (1981\u201391) from 27 housing estates; population self completion questionnaire survey data (1993, 9115 subjects) from 15 housing estates; and general practitioner (GP) consultation data (1989\u201394) from 2201 subjects in 12 Teesside estates. Results\u2014The populations in the four zones were comparable for indicators including smoking habits, residential histories, and unemployment. All cause and cause specific mortalities were high compared with England and Wales. Mortality in all Teesside zones (ABC) combined was mostly higher than in zone S. In people aged 0\u201364, lung cancer and respiratory disease showed gradients with highest mortality in areas closest to industry (A&gt;B&gt;C and ABC&gt;S). The association was clearest for lung cancer in women (0\u201364 years old, trend across zones ABC, p=0.07, directly standardised rate ratio relative to zone S was 169 (95% confidence interval (95% CI) 116\u2013122)). There were no important, consistent gradients in the hypothesised direction between zones in consultation rates in general practice, and self reported respiratory and nonrespiratory health including asthma. Conclusions\u2014There was no clear evidence that living close to industry was associated with morbidity, including asthma, or for most measures of mortality. For lung cancer in women the gradients indicated a health effect of local industrial air pollution. In the age group 0\u201364 observed gradients in lung cancer in men and mortality from respiratory disease in men and women were consistent with the study hypothesis, although not significant. The reasons for the different patterns at different ages, and between men and women, remain a puzzle.\n      </p>", "This paper presents research results on the impacts that floods can have on the people affected, thus complementing the existing data on the monetary losses liable to occur in flood events. Both datasets should be used when deciding on investment in flood defence measures. We report on research on the vulnerability of flood-affected communities to adverse health effects, and the development of an index of community vulnerability based on extensive focus-group research and secondary-source census data.\n      </p>", "Objective This study assessed the construct validity of the Health Utilities Index Mark 2 (HUI2) and Mark 3 (HUI3) in the context of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and compared their ability to discriminate between groups of patients with varying disease severity. Study design and setting The HUI2 and HUI3 were correlated with the Medical Outcomes 36-Item Short-Form, Kidney Disease Quality of Life Questionnaire, and the Beck Depression Inventory II in 185 patients with stage 4 and 5 CKD. Results About 86% of a priori hypotheses were confirmed for HUI2 and 95% for HUB, providing support for the construct validity of both measures. Mean (SD) overall utility score for the HUI2 was 0.74 (0.20), significantly higher than that for the HUB, 0.58 (0.26) (P &lt; 0.001). The cognitive, emotion, and pain attributes of the HUB were able to identify a significantly greater proportion of patients with impairment compared to the HUI2. Conclusion The results are consistent with construct validity for the HUI2 and HUB in patients with stage 4 and 5 CKD. However, the HUB appears to have superior psychometric properties compared with the HUI2 in this patient population.\n      </p>", "Patient management decisions rarely incorporate standardized health status assessments, since accurate and reliable measures are difficult and expensive to obtain. In prior research with various methods for obtaining health data from patients, it was found that physicians' acceptance of a method was improved if it provided an individualized printout. It was also determined that patients will readily complete a health status questionnaire on a computer when the computer does not look like a computer. Patients' acceptance was greatest when they were presented with a single line of large, pressure-sensitive buttons with which they could respond to questions about their health histories. Using such an instrument, the HealthQuiz, the current study found the same discrepancy rate (3%) between patients' responses to health questions presented on HealthQuiz and during interview as between their responses to questions asked during two separate interviews. Further, to ascertain health status, rules determined by an expert panel were applied to patients' responses to health questions presented on the HealthQuiz screen. It was found that the numerical health status derived from answers to the automated presentation of questions was similar to numerical health status derived by a physician after a patient-physician interview.\n      </p>", "The objective of this paper is to describe the market structure of health plans (HPs) and physician organizations (POs) in California, a state with high levels of managed care penetration and selective contracting. First we calculate Herfindahl-Hirschman (HHI) concentration indices for HPs and POs in 42 California counties. We then estimate a multivariable regression model to examine the relationship between concentration measures and the prices paid by HPs to POs. Price data is from Medstat MarketScan databases. The findings show that any California counties exhibit what the Department of Justice would consider high HHI concentration measures, in excess of 1,800. More than three quarters of California counties exhibit HP concentration indices over 1,800, and 83% of counties have PO concentration levels in excess of 1,800. Half of the study counties exhibited PO concentration levels in excess of 3,600, compared to only 24% for plans. Multivariate price models suggest that PO concentration is associated with higher physician prices (p &lt; 0.05), whereas HP concentration does not appear to be significantly associated with higher outpatient commercial payer prices.\n      </p>", "Purpose: To examine HRQoL measured by EORTC QLQ-C30 with respect to an increasing number of self-reported chronic health problems in the general Swedish population and to study the association between HRQoL, chronic health problems and age, gender, income, marital status and employment status. Method: A postal survey among a large random sample of 4000 adults aged 18-79 years. The study material contained EORTC QLQ-C30 core questionnaire supplemented by a sociodemographic questionnaire including questions about 13 chronic health problems of which four categories, 'No', 'Few', 'Some' or 'A lot of' chronic health problems were constructed. Results: Multiple chronic health problems were significantly associated with reduced HRQoL. The increased number of chronic health problems was also associated with age. When the number of chronic health problems was accounted for, the influence of age diminished. Low income and unemployment were associated with greater decline in HRQoL with respect to increasing number of problems among the respondents in working age. Conclusion: The impact of increased number of chronic health problems had varying consequences in different age groups. Moreover, sociodemographic and economic factors showed to interact differently with chronic health problems and HRQoL in various age groups. It appears from our results that an assessment and a careful consideration of these factors will be valuable in order to facilitate the interpretation of the effects of cancer and treatment on long-term HRQoL of cancer patients.\n      </p>", "The following paper presents the methodology and results of a costing exercise of maternal health services in Tanzania. The main objective of this study was to determine the actual costs of antenatal and obstetric care in different health institutions in a district in Tanzania as a basis of more efficient resource allocation. A costing tool was developed that allows the calculation of costs of service units, such as deliveries and antenatal care, and separates these costs from the costs of other services. Time consumed by each activity was used as an allocation key. For that purpose, we recorded the personnel consumption with different time-study methodologies. This approach was tested and implemented in Mtwara Urban District, South Tanzania. The results were analyzed by a spreadsheet program. The paper presents average costs for different costing units of maternal care. Among other findings, we found that the cost of a normal vaginal delivery is US $12.30 in a dispensary and US $6.30 in the hospital\u2014a result that needs explanation, as usually one would expect that hospitals are more costintensive than first-line facilities. However, dispensaries are grossly underutilized so that the costs per service unit are rather high. The cost for surgical delivery (only in hospitals) was found to be US $69.26 and the average cost per antenatal care consultation (only at dispensaries) was US $2.50. We conclude that improved planning of elective services is a prerequisite for more effective and efficient use of personnel resources. In addition, the definition of medically and economically sound standards, in particular staffing standards, is critical to make cost analysis an effective management tool to guide rational resource allocation.\n      </p>", "Assessment of forest health on a national scale is a difficult task. One parameter used to rapidly classify tree health is crown transparency, or the amount of sky seen through the crown. Previous investigations of sources of error in estimating crown transparency concentrated on observer experience and perception, and on lighting conditions, showing that the error can be as much as \u00b115%. Here we tested the hypothesis that crown dimensions, which determine the path-length of the line of sight of the observer through crowns, introduce a large bias in estimates of crown transparency. Both theoretical and empirical results show that crown transparency is highly sensitive to crown dimensions. Crowns of trees with path-lengths &gt;10 m are always likely to be rated &lt;30% transparent (i.e., considered healthy), although their crowns may be as unhealthy as those of trees with path-lengths &lt;4 m, and rated &gt;80% transparent. The misclassification of tree health is further exacerbated by the reduction in the rate at which transparency decreases per unit of path-length as the path-length increases, reflecting a lower average leaf density with increasing crown size. Thus we propose that available crown transparency data may be used to rank relative tree health within narrow intervals of path-length, thereby incorporating the effects of crown dimensions on transparency.\n      </p>", "Background Comparing health outcomes with adequate methodology is central to performance assessments of health care systems. We compared the Medicare Advantage Program (MAP) and the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) with regard to changes in health status and mortality. Methods We used the Death-Master-File for vital status and the Short-Form 36 to determine physical (PCS) and mental (MCS) health at baseline and at 2 years. We compared the probability of being alive with the same or better (than would be expected by chance) PCS (or MCS) at 2 years and mortality, while adjusting for case-mix. Given the geographic variations in MAP enrollment, we did a regional sub-analysis. Results There were no significant differences in the probability of being alive with the same or better PCS except for the South (VHA 65.8% vs. MAP 62.5%, P = .0014). VHA patients had a slightly higher probability than MAP patients of being alive with the same or better MCS (71.8% vs. 70.1%, P = .002) but no significant regional variations. The hazard ratios for mortality in the MAP were higher than in the VHA across all regions. Conclusion With the use of appropriate methodology, we found small differences in 2-year health outcomes that favor the VHA.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates the research productivity of U.S. health economists, both in the past five years and over their careers to date. We examine quantity of overall publications, as well as quantity within categories of journals. We study unique data from a 2005 survey of U.S. health economists who were members of the International Health Economics Association or the Health Economics Interest Group of Academy Health. Basic descriptives indicate that senior health economists have considerably greater five-year research productivity than less senior researchers. Roughly a third of health economists employed in economics departments report that publishing in non-economics journals is \"not recommended\" for promotion and tenure. Regression models indicate that the factors associated with greater productivity include: more hours spent per week on research, experience, and type of academic unit. The findings reported here offer insight into the heterogeneity of health economists and contribute to our understanding of the productivity of academic economists more generally.\n      </p>"], "words": {"limited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "all": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concept": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "global": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "existing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "themes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adjustment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "children": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "depend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technique": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 40, "prob": 0.0003312505952159133}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "summarizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reforms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maternal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "race": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consistent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "design": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "china,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychosocial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "centers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consistently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "increasing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "public": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "exercise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "component": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "french": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monetary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "china": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "latent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "engage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "receive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "economics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amount": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "residents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "useful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "private": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcomes": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "socioeconomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apply": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "employer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "use": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "from": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "objectives": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "eleven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "until": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recently,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standardized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "validity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "this": {"number": 21, "prob": 0.00017390656248835446}, "package": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "following": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "centrally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "could": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impacts": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "give": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "states": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influenced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "needs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inhabitants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "how": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "methodology": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "forest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "symposium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widespread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "plans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expenditures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hazard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tracking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "waves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "a": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "light": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agenda": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nonparametric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "held": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "disparities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "looks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tendency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scale": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chemical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "personal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "constitutes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "finance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "they": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "structural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "january": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identifies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "mental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "availability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "our": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "truman": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eq": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insurance": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "funding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "network": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "projected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 62, "prob": 0.0005134384225846656}, "dutch": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entitlements": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "liable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "story": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "put": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "benefits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deprivation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "david": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "place": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promotion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "service": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "utilization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "construct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "priority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "that": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "serve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brazil,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "financing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 47, "prob": 0.0003892194493786981}, "illness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conventional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socio": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "have": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "self": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sciences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labour": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "performance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effectiveness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "index": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "measures": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "involving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complementing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "assessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefits,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "especially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "study,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "prevention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sector": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "incorporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diseases,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "german": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employ": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hungary": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "find": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indicator": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implementation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valuation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rich": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adequate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "personality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hiv": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "procedures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "societies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "child": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determinants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "approach": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "health,": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "investigate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recommendations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explanations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "instituted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "eliminating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "threats": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inequalities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inappropriate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsequent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "news": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "motivations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "climate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "estimation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "overview": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "community": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adaptation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "redistributive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mark": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indicators": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controlled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expenditure": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "representative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canada,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessments": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "an": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reliable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lessen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aim": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "japan,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extensive,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "losses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 19, "prob": 0.0001573440327275588}, "thus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 42, "prob": 0.0003478131249767089}, "ready": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "partner": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "descriptive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "productivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surveillance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vegetable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "events": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficult": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nationally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "task": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commission": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industrialised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 87, "prob": 0.0007204700445946114}, "drawing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "comprise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pakistan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accurate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "using": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "death": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "character": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advancement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bank": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "match": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ago,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "government": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "world": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "issues,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "therapeutic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecology": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "people": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "some": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rarely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farmers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "noise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patient": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contingent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agreement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "refers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "on": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "hopkins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 65, "prob": 0.0005382822172258591}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "curative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "own": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assess": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "chronic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intervention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clustering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spending": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "systems,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brazilian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "strategies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maintenance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "administrators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "courts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "convergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "whether": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ecosystem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "us": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sweden,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highlight": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "steady": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "universal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describe": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reliability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "education": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "as": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paradox": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detail": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "actors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "income": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pesticides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poor": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "models": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "utilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "needed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exposure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "starting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mimic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "serious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}