{"total_words": 1235, "documents": ["Recent declines in recreational sport-hunting participation rates result from a variety of societal and cultural changes as well as extensive changes in the distribution of the United States population. Concurrently, natural-resource agencies are undergoing broad changes in focus and goals, with holistic ecosystem management competing with traditional game management for limited financial resources. We believe that recreational hunting is an important cultural element that should remain a mainstream recreational activity and should continue to have a significant place in natural-resource agencies. Given the transition of the United States population to a more urbanized society, new innovative programs need to be developed to recruit and retain recreational sport hunters from urban population centers that provide \"successful\" hunting experiences. We identify several components that will be essential to the success of these programs, such as providing a reasonable expectation of success or accomplishment (e.g., harvesting an animal), providing sport-hunting opportunities near urban population centers, and providing opportunities that are sensitive to the needs of diverse groups (e.g., minority, gender). We propose 2 solutions for providing recreational hunting opportunities to residents of urban areas: 1) establishing crop fields to attract mourning doves (Zenaida macroura) and 2) implementing put-and-take hunting under certain restrictions. We recognize many possible problems with these suggested programs. Natural-resource professionals have strong opinions about these issues, but we believe discussions are needed if hunting is to remain a mainstream recreational activity. These dialogues need to 1) address the role of recreational hunting in resource agency policies and programs, 2) identify innovative programs to educate, introduce, and retain urban residents in recreational hunting, and 3) identify innovative programs to provide urban hunters with experiences similar to those we have proposed. If we fail to recognize the emerging societal, cultural, and professional changes impacting sport-hunting participation rates, this activity likely will become an anachronism.\n      </p>", "Resident populations of Canada geese (Branta canadensis) in Massachusetts were estimated by mark-resight methods involving 2,872 geese neck-banded on 288 sites during 1991-1993 and in 1996. Populations increased from 26,000 geese in 1991 to 38,000 by 1997. Canada goose seasons timed to occur before and after fall migration resulted in the harvesting of 25% of Massachusetts' resident goose population in 1996 and 22% in 1997, with few migrants harvested. This was insufficient to reduce the size of the resident population. A questionnaire survey of Massachusetts waterfowl hunters indicated that only half the hunters who normally hunted Canada geese did so during the special seasons. Limited participation by waterfowl hunters during special seasons reduced the effectiveness of such seasons to control resident populations. Goose hunting opportunities during the traditional waterfowl hunting period would engage more waterfowlers in harvesting resident Canada goose populations.\n      </p>", "Unsustainable bushmeat hunting is a major threat to mammal species, particularly in West/Central Africa. We developed a multispecies dynamic simulation model of hunter behaviour, parameterized using data from the Ashanti region, Ghana. The model distinguishes between two hunting techniques, snaring and gun hunting. We analyse the impact of key economic parameters on off-takes. Economic incentives determine the effort devoted to hunting, the choice of hunting technique, and the species that are consumed domestically or traded in markets. These factors, together with the growth rates and catchabilities of hunted species, determine the ecological impact of hunting. The results suggest that increased bushmeat prices are likely to lead to a switch from snaring, which is cheaper but less efficient, to gun hunting, with a consequent impact on vulnerable species. Increases in agricultural prices have an ambiguous effect on hunter behaviour, depending on the balance between incentives to invest in agriculture and increased consumption as incomes improve. Penalties are more effective if they target bushmeat sales, rather than the act of hunting. This model represents a step forward because it explicitly considers bushmeat as a component of the household economy. This has important implications as regards the development of policies to conserve species hunted for bushmeat.\n      </p>", "Expenditures by waterfowl hunters represent an influx of money to an economy from a natural resource-related activity. Studies have been conducted on expenditures by hunters of waterfowl and migratory birds, but none have collected and analyzed data on regional economic impacts in Mississippi. Consequently, we conducted a survey to collect waterfowl hunter expenditure data in the Delta of Mississippi during the 1998-1999 waterfowl hunting season. This study presents a survey technique and analysis to determine extent and economic impacts of waterfowl hunting on public lands and at private lodges in the Delta of Mississippi. We surveyed hunters at wildlife management areas, national wildlife refuges, and private lodges within the 6-county study region. Our response rate was 97%. Economic impacts generated from waterfowl hunting expenditures totaled $719,016 for the 1998-99 waterfowl hunting season. If expenditures in our study region reflected those statewide, we estimate that the total economic impact of waterfowl hunting would be $27.4 million. This estimate is conservative because it does not include expenditures related to private-land hunting for waterfowl (e.g., lease fees).\n      </p>", "Ethnoarchaeological research at highland Maya hunting shrines documents the material remains of interactions between two types of animate beings: humans and the forest. When either active agent enters the others' domain there are accompanying ceremonial activities to assuage the inherent danger, often leaving physical traces in the material record. These traces, if found in the archaeological record, might reveal similar ancient interactions. Using the material correlates of modern hunting rituals, we explore the utility of ethnoarchaeological research in identifying negotiations with non-human agents associated with the animate forest - an active agent in many societies.\n      </p>", "Successful lobbying against certain hunting practices by animal-welfare and animal-rights groups and a steady decline in hunter recruitment, retention, and numbers raise legitimate concerns regarding the future of hunting and its relationship to wildlife management. The nonhunting, non-animal-rights-advocate majority will determine the fate of hunting. Thus, a successful hunting ethic must be logically consistent and intuitively appealing to this moderate majority. This shared ethic could encourage cultural, political, and economic support for wildlife management from both hunters and nonhunters alike. In light of this goal, I argue that 3 dominant hunting ethics-the naturalness hypothesis, the land ethic, and the sporting ethic-fail to justify hunting or place it in a shared context with modern society, and I suggest an alternative ethic that combines Aldo Leopold's vision of an expanding community with traditional utilitarian and rights-based evaluations of ethical criteria within an n-dimensional moral framework. This conceptualization of an ethical system would allow the use of tools applicable to systems analysis in analyzing moral issues and would foster communicative practices capable of creating a more inclusive community. Further, it can both create and elucidate the ethical space shared by the moderate majority and hunters.\n      </p>", "This article examines current net hunting practice by BaAka Pygmies of central Africa. In terms of time allocation, net hunting remains the single most important activity for the BaAka. But net hunting is only one in a range of subsistence and economic activities among which individuals switch on a daily basis. Returns from net hunting are roughly equivalent to those from competing activities. Several factors encourage the decline of net hunting and its replacement with snare hunting: enforcement of park regulations, higher individual returns to snare hunting, and greater involvement in formal employment and agriculture. However, net hunting has not been abandoned completely for several reasons: the local market demand for bushmeat is growing, numerous forest products besides meat are collected on net hunts, and economic alternatives remain irregular and unreliable.\n      </p>", "Once absent in much of Amazonia, dogs are now commonly used for hunting throughout the lowland Neotropics. Although some ethnographers have questioned their usefulness, dogs are particularly effective in pursuits of several mammalian prey species. The return rates of hunting with dogs appear to compare favorably with those of hunting with firearms, and dogs may be especially beneficial in anthropogenic habitats. There is considerable cross-cultural variation in the training and care of dogs. Good hunting dogs typically receive better care than their less-talented conspecifics. Mortality rates for dogs in the Neotropics are high, and the causes of death include malnutrition and attacks by other animals. Although isolated Neotropical societies may not have initially recognized the overall value of hunting dogs, a more likely explanation for the absence of dogs in prehistoric Amazonia is the high mortality of dog populations in the region. Additional research is needed to resolve ethnological questions about the use of dogs in the lowland Neotropics.\n      </p>", "Eurasian lynx (Lynx lynx) are responsible for significant depredation on domestic lambs in Norway. Recreational hunting of lynx is widely used to limit lynx population growth and to attempt to remove problem individuals. We analyzed the relationship between annual changes in lamb losses and lynx hunting on 2 scales. On the county scale, lamb losses were related to the size of the lynx population that was reduced through the harvest of 294 lynx by hunters during our study, 1995-2001. At the level of individual grazing areas, we documented a significant local effect of lynx harvest (n = 321 lynx); however, the magnitude of this benefit was so small (13 lambs per male lynx, or 2 lambs per female lynx) as to be of little practical benefit. The data indicate that lynx hunting only reduces depredation when it reduces the size of the population.\n      </p>", "Waterfowl managers in Minnesota and other states are concerned that increased kill rates associated with the use of spinning-wing decoys (SWDs) may negatively affect local breeding populations of mallards (Anas platyrhynchos). Accordingly, we conducted 219 experimental hunts to evaluate hunting vulnerability of mallards to SWDs during the 2002 duck season in Minnesota. During each hunt, we tested 2 SWD treatments: 1) SWDs turned OFF (control), and 2) SWDs turned ON (experimental) during alternate 15-minute sampling periods that were separated by 5-minute buffer periods. We found that mallard flocks (\u22651 duck) were 2.91 times more likely to respond (i.e., approach within 40 m of hunters), and sizes of responding mallard flocks were 1.25 times larger, on average, when SWDs were turned ON than OFF. Mallards killed/hour/hunter/hunt averaged 4.71 times higher (P&lt;0.001) when SWDs were turned ON than OFF. More hatch-year (HY) and after-hatch-year (AHY) mallards were killed when SWDs were turned ON than OFF; however, AHYs were relatively less likely than were HYs to be killed with SWDs turned ON. We found no evidence that SWDs reduced crippling or allowed hunters to harvest relatively more drakes than hens. Using a worst-case scenario model, we predicted that if 47% and 79% of Minnesota hunters had used SWDs in 2000 and 2002, respectively, Minnesota mallard harvests would have increased by a factor of 2. However, increasing use of SWDs by northern hunters may result in a partial redistribution of annual mallard harvests if na\u00efve ducks are harvested upon initial exposures to SWDs, and those ducks that survive become habituated to SWDs, as suggested by our results. Our study was confined to a single hunting season in Minnesota and thus did not assess whether vulnerability of mallards to hunters using SWDs varied among years or geographically. A multi-year, flyway-wide study is needed to make stronger and more rigorous inferences regarding potential changes in harvest distribution and annual harvest rates of mallards due to increasing use of SWDs by hunters in North America.\n      </p>", "Demographic trends in the United States suggest that the general public will become increasingly isolated from traditional consumptive uses of wildlife. This is correlated with nationwide decreases in hunter initiation and continuation. Because most state wildlife agencies derive a large portion of their funding from hunting-license sales, a decline in this source of revenue could have dramatic implications for future wildlife management programming. The International Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies (IAFWA) developed the Hunting as a Choice (HAC) project to help its member state fish and wildlife agencies effectively address these trends. HAC products target nontraditional constituents (suburban 10-12-year-old children). As a marketing study, we assessed the effectiveness of HAC to determine whether computer-based educational products (website and computer game) could increase the interest of 10- to 12-year-old suburban children in hunting or hunter education classes. Nearly half of the 91 suburban school children in Jacksonville, Florida, exposed to the website and computer game requested more information about taking a hunter education course from the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. Participants also became more tolerant of other people who hunt.\n      </p>", "We initiated a study in 1989 to estimate illegal waterfowl hunting and harvest in the Mississippi Flyway and to determine characteristics of illegal waterfowl hunters to formulate recommendations for alleviating the problem. A mail survey was designed and administered to gather data. A pilot study was conducted in spring 1989 and produced a high response rate (77%). Therefore, 8,220 state waterfowl-stamp purchasers and 1,465 known violaters of waterfowl regulations from 12 of 14 Mississippi Flyway states were surveyed in 1990 soon after the waterfowl hunting season. Known violaters were surveyed clandestinely to validate their truthfulness about past violations and thereby indirectly estimate the truthfulness of stamp purchasers. The mail survey included a 12-page questionnaire that asked hunters about current duck population status and problems, personal hunting and socioeconomic characteristics, band-recovery and reporting information, attitudes toward proposed illegal hunting deterrents, and whether or not they had violated shooting-hour, bag-limit, and/or baiting laws during the past 4 years. Response rates to the survey were 77 and 85% for known violators and stamp purchasers, respectively. Overall, 26% of Mississippi Flyway waterfowl-stamp purchasers admitted committing shooting-hour, bag-limit, and/or baiting violations on ducks during the 1989-90 season, and 35% admitted committing 1-3 of these violations per season during the 1986-87 through 1988-89 seasons. Ten percent and 13% of the waterfowl-stamp purchasers admitted committing these violations on geese during the same periods. The southern region (Ark., La., Miss., Tenn.) of the Flyway consistently had the highest percentages of hunters committing all 3 violations on ducks but also the lowest percentages of violations on geese. Conversely, the central region (Ill., Ind., Ky., Mo.) had the highest percentage of hunters committing goose violations, as well as the lowest percentage of hunters committing shooting-hour and bag-limit violations on ducks. Generally, the northern region (Ia., Mich., Minn., Wis.) had intermediate percentages of hunters committing all violations. Overall, violators were younger than legal hunters, averaging 34 and 39 years of age, respectively. Violators also hunted more frequently and harvested nearly 2 times more waterfowl than legal hunters. Violators and legal hunters did not differ substantively on any other measured hunting or socioeconomic characteristics. Both violators and legal hunters indicated magazines, Ducks Unlimited, fellow hunters, television specials, and newspapers were important sources of information on waterfowl; hence, these should be used to educate hunters on the unacceptableness of illegal hunting. The majority of hunters that admitted committing violations indicated they did so intentionally. Shooting-hour violators composed the smallest portion of accidental violations, followed by baiting and bag-limit violators. Both violators and legal hunters in all states perceived mandatory loss of hunting privileges, large fines, increased law enforcement, and mandatory jail sentences as the most effective deterrents to illegal hunting. Hence, state and federal agencies should cooperatively impose these sanctions for serious waterfowl violations and chronic offenders.\n      </p>", "A basic assumption of the Pleistocene extinction, or \"overkill\" hypothesis, is that rates of human predation on numerous genera of megafauna exceeded prey replacement rates. Previous assessments of this hypothesis have often stressed the technological or organizational capabilities of Paleolithic hunters to harvest prey in sufficient numbers to threaten extinction. Optimal foraging models and ethnographic observations of modern hunters-gatherers provide a logical basis for assessing the feasibility of alternative reconstructions of Paleolithic hunting strategies as well as their compatibility with the concept of critically high rates of predation sufficient to cause extinction.\n      </p>", "A common explanation for hunting in groups is that doing so yields a greater per capita caloric benefit than hunting solitarily. This is logical for social carnivores, which rely exclusively on meat for energy, but arguably not for omnivores, which obtain calories from either plant or animal matter. The common chimpanzee, Pan troglodytes, is one of the few true omnivores that regularly hunts in groups. Studies to date have yielded conflicting data regarding the payoffs of group hunting in chimpanzees. Here, we interpret chimpanzee hunting patterns using a new approach. In contrast to the classical assumption that hunting with others maximizes per capita caloric intake, we propose that group hunting is favored because it maximizes an individual's likelihood of obtaining important micronutrients that may be found in small quantities of meat. We describe a mathematical model demonstrating that group hunting may evolve when individuals can obtain micronutrients more frequently by hunting in groups than by hunting solitarily, provided that group size is below a certain threshold. Twenty five years of data from Gombe National Park, Tanzania are consistent with this prediction. We propose that our 'meat-scrap' hypothesis is a unifying approach that may explain group hunting by chimpanzees and other social omnivores.\n      </p>", "This paper presents quantitative data on blowpipe hunting among the Semaq Beri, a group of the aboriginal peoples of Peninsular Malaysia, with special reference to daily activity rhythms, space use, efforts, and efficiency of hunting. The role of hunting is examined in the diet of the population studied, which is in transition from a nomadic to a sedentary lifestyle. The special hunting focus on a few species (the leaf monkeys, Presbytis spp.) is examined in relation to ecology of prey items and using the optimal diet breadth model. Technological efficiencies of the Semaq Beri blowpipe and dart are compared with the Waorani of Ecuador.\n      </p>", "Increases in the distribution and abundance of white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus) throughout much of their range, coupled with hunter accessibility limitations, have prompted many state wildlife agencies to consider the future effectiveness of hunting as a population control mechanism under current regulatory systems. Wildlife managers in many areas experiencing abundant deer are questioning the conditions under which public hunting serves to control deer populations. In this article, we evaluate the performance of hunting as a deer population control mechanism and propose criteria to assess the effectiveness of public hunting for that purpose across the landscape, including rural and developed areas. We conclude that to control deer populations across broad landscapes, many wildlife agencies will have to adopt hunting regulations that are robust to 3 conditions: decrease in hunter numbers, increase in refugia that limit hunter access to deer, and increase in importance of urban and suburban areas as elements of deer range. To stabilize or reduce the high-density deer populations currently existing across much of white-tailed deer range, regulations need to give hunters incentives to shoot antlerless deer voluntarily or simply require them to do so. It is likely that comprehensive population control programs of the future will combine general recreational hunting regimes that promote great per-hunter harvests of antlerless deer across broad scales with complementary, site-specific, highly regulated hunts and programs to diminish the effects of refugia created by hunting-access limitations. Recreational hunting is unlikely to be sufficient as the sole management tool for most urban and suburban areas; other control methods will be part of integrated strategies for developed sites. We use New York data to illustrate ideas presented in this paper to assess utility of an existing hunting program to control deer populations across broad landscapes.\n      </p>", "The effect of fall either-sex hunting on eastern wild turkey (Meleagris gallopavo silvestris) populations is a common concern of wildlife agencies. We examined the effect of fall either-sex hunting on survival of radiotagged female wild turkeys from 1989 to 1994 in Virginia and West Virginia. We tested the hypothesis that survival of female wild turkeys did not differ among areas closed to fall hunting, open to a 4-week fall season, or open to an 8- or 9-week fall hunting season. Mean annual survival rates were higher in the area closed to fall hunting than in regions where fall hunting occurred (P = 0.05). Mean annual survival rates varied within years (P \u2264 0.05). Differences in annual survival rate among areas were attributed to legal hunting (P \u2264 0.01). Poaching was a major mortality factor. Juvenile, yearling, and adult hens had similar survival rates in the areas closed to fall hunting and with 4 weeks of fall hunting (P = 0.39), but survival rates of juveniles were lower (P = 0.03) than those of yearling and adult females in the area with an 8-9-week fall hunting season. Harvest rates of female turkeys averaged 4.3% in the 4-week fall hunted area and 12.3% on the 8-9-week fall hunted area. Higher harvests were achieved on the study area opened only to spring hunting than the combined fall-spring harvests on the other study areas. Total harvest was negatively associated with survival (rs = - 0.90, P = 0.04) on the 8-9-week fall hunted area and positively associated with survival (rs = 0.90, P = 0.04) in the area closed to fall hunting. Spring gobbler-only hunting is suggested for maximum growth in a wild turkey population. Guidelines are presented for fall harvest programs.\n      </p>", "Several investigators cite population control, frequent settlement relocation, trekking, expansion of diet breadth, and food taboos as strategic responses to game depletion by indigenous populations living in interfluvial zones of lowland South America. The Ka'apor Indians of the interfluvial forest of northern Maranh\u00e3o, Brazil, employ other means of optimizing hunting efficiency, partly based on ritual. Menstruating women, pubescent girls, and parents of newborns can consume meat only of the tortoise (Gochelone denticulata), the first prey species to be hunted out of an area. Tortoise capture requires, on average, one full day of hunting. This means that the full potential of hunting pressure does not materialize near the settlement. Meat productivity is unusually high even near old settlements. I argue that ritual tortoise hunting helps to regulate environmental utilization, to maintain a sustained yield of meat protein, and to expand the catchment area gradually.\n      </p>", "Predators can affect prey populations through changes in traits that reduce predation risk. These trait changes (nonconsumptive effects, NCEs) can be energetically costly and cause reduced prey activity, growth, fecundity, and survival. The strength of nonconsumptive effects may vary with two functional characteristics of predators: hunting mode (actively hunting, sit-and-pursue, sit-and-wait) and habitat domain (the ability to pursue prey via relocation in space; can be narrow or broad). Specifically, cues from fairly stationary sit-and-wait and sit-and-pursue predators should be more indicative of imminent predation risk, and thereby evoke stronger NCEs, compared to cues from widely ranging actively hunting predators. Using a meta-analysis of 193 published papers, we found that cues from sit-and-pursue predators evoked stronger NCEs than cues from actively hunting predators. Predator habitat domain was less indicative of NCE strength, perhaps because habitat domain provides less reliable information regarding imminent risk to prey than does predator hunting mode. Given the importance of NCEs in determining the dynamics of prey communities, our findings suggest that predator characteristics may be used to predict how changing predator communities translate into changes in prey. Such knowledge may prove particularly useful given rates of local predator change due to habitat fragmentation and the introduction of novel predators.\n      </p>", "Controversy regarding black bear (Ursus americanus) hunting in Colorado resulted in a referendum (Amendment 10) on the statewide ballot in November 1992 to prohibit certain methods and spring hunting of bears. We interviewed 369 supporters and 346 opponents of Amendment 10, which was supported by 70% of Colorado voters. Hunting experience was more common among opponents. Most supporters were nonhunters who did not oppose hunting. Concerns for animal rights, hunter ethics, or morality of hunting were not strong influences on voter decisions. However, concern for animal welfare influenced voter decisions. Strategies are discussed for agencies to identify voter beliefs and to devise communication programs for use before and after such votes to enhance public understanding of issues and outcomes.\n      </p>", "We used mounted specimens and questionnaire responses to assess hunter abilities to identify 13 species of ducks in-hand at public hunting areas in 10 states of the Mississippi Flyway during 1992-1993. Our study showed that hunters using public hunting areas can identify most ducks in hand. Hunters had increased ability to identify species they regularly encounter. Females of uncommon species were most frequently misidentified. Identification abilities were best among hunters that had hunted \u22656 years. Hunters that used identification aids were not more able than non-users to identify ducks, even among hunters with only 1 or 2 years experience hunting ducks. Most hunters were willing to attend a waterfowl identification course, especially those hunters most in need of improvement in waterfowl identification. Distributors of waterfowl identification materials should be aware that hunters most in need of improvement are novices that may not be reached through traditional avenues of information dissemination to waterfowlers. Area-specific training focused on restricted harvest species may especially enhance hunter ability.\n      </p>", "Commercial harvests of the Common Eider (Somateria mollissima) and King Eider (S. spectabilis) was studied at the local market in Nuuk (southwest Greenland) during the hunting season (Oct-May) in 2000 and 2001. The goal was to quantify composition (species, sex and age), sources (hunting or bycatch), and spatio-temporal distribution of the harvest. Hunting within 30 km of the city was the source of 98% of all eiders sent to market from October until March. In contrast, bycatch in gillnets accounted for 52% of the eiders brought to the market in March and April. In April, most bycatch were from remote fjord habitats, which seem to hold a high proportion of adult Common Eiders. As measured by the removal of potential reproductive eiders, the spring harvest (April and May) was critical for the Common Eider, while the impact of harvest was highest during midwinter (January and February) for the King Eider. Sympatric distributions within hunting areas complicate management of both species. Spring hunting and gillnet bycatch are of high management concern.\n      </p>", "Because wild reindeer (Rangifer tarandus) are hunted in southern Norway, reindeer may perceive all recreationists as threats. Potential adverse effects of hunting on reindeer behavior may be exacerbated by other forms of recreation because the number of skiers and hikers in areas inhabited by reindeer has also increased. The Norefjell\u2014Reinsj\u00f8fjell wild reindeer area is used extensively for recreation and tourism. Reindeer hunting was introduced in the area in 1992, and harvest rate has been stable at about 38% of winter herd size. We recorded behavioral responses of reindeer to a person approaching directly on foot or skis during 1992 and again in 2002-2006. Compared to 1992, flight-initiation distance increased and fewer groups assessed the observer before taking flight during 2002-2006. In winter, when reindeer are usually comparably more vigilant than in other seasons, flight-initiation distance increased from only 60 m to 115 m and escape distance decreased from 400 m to 210 m. Neither alert distance, calf carcass weights (23.6 \u00b1 0.7 [SE] kg to 22.4 \u00b1 0.2 kg), nor reindeer herd size (661 \u00b1 73 to 579 \u00b1 15) changed during the 15 years of our study. Reindeer appeared to habituate to the observer because they initiated flight at shorter distances as the number of approaches on the same day increased. In Norefjell\u2014Reinsj\u00f8fjell, encounters with a person on foot or skis did not result in behavioral responses likely to entail substantial energy costs for reindeer; therefore, hunting at current levels appears compatible with other recreational activities.\n      </p>", "Hunting often impacts rain forest mammal communities but little is known about its indirect effects on other taxa. We examined dung beetle assemblages using pitfall and flight-intercept traps at six rain forest sites in Panama that ranged in hunting intensity. Heavily hunted sites showed altered community composition, significantly fewer species (based on rarefaction), and lower abundances of dung beetles than did sites with little hunting. Our results suggest that intensive hunting affects nontarget forest taxa and is potentially altering ecosystem functioning. /// La cacer\u00eda generalmente tiene impactos sobre las comunidades de mam\u00edferos en bosques tropicales, sin embargo poco se sabe sobre los efectos indirectos sobre otros taxa. Examinamos los ensamblajes de escarabajos copr\u00f3fagos usando trampas de ca\u00edda y de intercepci\u00f3n de vuelo en seis sitios en Panam\u00e1 que var\u00edan en su intensidad de cacer\u00eda. Sitios con mucha cacer\u00eda mostraron alteraci\u00f3n en la composici\u00f3n de especies, significativamente menos especies (basado en rarefacci\u00f3n), y menores abundancias de escarabajos copr\u00f3fagos, que sitios con poca cacer\u00eda. Nuestros resultados sugieren que la cacer\u00eda intensa de mam\u00edferos est\u00e1 afectando a otros taxa indirectamente, con potenciales consecuencias para el funcionamiento del ecosistema.\n      </p>", "Nearly rangewide declines in northern bobwhite (Colinus virginianus) and scaled quail (Callipepla squamata) abundance have led many conservationists to call for more restrictive hunting regulations. I used statewide quail harvest data collected by Texas Parks and Wildlife (TPW) biologists to evaluate how severely daily bag limits and season lengths would have to be restricted before total quail harvest would be reduced. I assumed that regulatory changes must consistently decrease the number of quail harvested before such changes could result in increased numbers of quail available to breed-a prerequisite for increased quail recruitment into the breeding population over the long term. Reducing the daily bag limit from 15 to 8 quail likely would impact only 11 and 7% of northern bobwhite and scaled quail hunters, respectively, during years of average quail abundance. Because some hunters harvest more quail per day than others, these same conditions would be expected to decrease northern bobwhite and scaled quail harvest by approximately 27 and 15%, respectively. A 6-quail daily bag limit might reduce northern bobwhite and scaled quail harvest, respectively, by 52 and 35% during a quail \"boom\" year, yet by only 43 and 16% during a quail \"bust\" year. Therefore, reductions in daily bag limits are regressive because they restrict harvest most when restrictions are least needed, yet decrease harvest least when restrictions would be most beneficial. Because &lt;10% of Texas quail hunters spend &gt;12 days in the field annually, small reductions in the season length would not be expected to alter harvest. If 1 week during the hunting season actually represents 2 days of hunting (a weekend), a 6- or 4-week season might decrease the number of days 10 and 19% of hunters, respectively, spend in the field, which could decrease the total quail harvest. Because quail harvest becomes increasingly additive to other sources of mortality as the hunting season progresses, those promulgating hunting regulations might consider eliminating hunting late in the season, since the ratio of increased quail available to breed would be greatest during this period. It is likely, however, that the only way to reverse rangewide declines in quail abundance is to increase the quantity of space quail can use throughout the year. It is doubtful that more politically palatable approaches, such as minor regulatory changes, will be of value by themselves.\n      </p>", "In this paper the authors study the relationship between habitat availability, hunter success, and the rate and intensity of participation in duck hunting in the Mississippi Flyway. Using socioeconomic data from the \"1975 National Survey of Hunting, Fishing and Wildlife Associated Recreation,\" and waterfowl habitat data from the 1970 Flyway Habitat Management Unit Project, they estimate probability and intensity of participation equations for duck hunting. The analysis differs from previous population-specific recreation studies in (a) the narrowly defined activity, (b) more precise definition of supply variables, (c) use of variables representing distance to hunting sites, and (d) the use of logit analysis to estimate participation probability equations.\n      </p>", "Analyses of nearly 3000 hr of hunting for mammals by Etolo people of Papua New Guinea reveal that older hunters were more successful than younger hunters, that increased success was due, in large part, to higher rates of capture for only two of 24 prey species, and that access to a good hunting dog accounted for the increase in rate of capture for one of these two species. A comparison of Gadio Enga and Rofaifo mammal hunting with that of Etolo reveals a marked decline in energy and protein yields with increase of altitude. This is attributed to altitudinal changes in the composition of the available fauna within Papua New Guinea and to reinforcing effects from increased human population density.\n      </p>", "Using faunal analysis, this article outlines a coastal mammalian harvesting pattern involving a few terrestrial mammals whose biomass appears to have been greater when associated with man than under \"natural\" conditions. Archeological evidence suggests that these animals fed regularly on cultivated crops and were hunted in house gardens and cultivated fields. By concentrating the supply of both carbohydrates and animal protein, \"garden hunting\" may have eliminated seasonality and scheduling problems. And because it artificially increased the biomass of selected animals, it may have functioned as a substitute for animal domestication.\n      </p>", "We analyzed the distribution of genetic variation at 6 microsatellite loci in heavily hunted populations of red deer (Cervus elaphus) in southwestern Spain. Some hunting estates are surrounded by high mesh fences that prevent deer from leaving the estate. The primary purpose of our study was to assess whether differences exist in the degree of genetic variation in fenced versus open estates, as well as between hunting estates in comparison with a protected population in Do\u00f1ana National Park. Another purpose of the study was to estimate the extent of population differentiation. There is a significant subdivision of genetic variation; most populations studied showed a significant heterozygote deficit and positive FIS values. Genetic variation is lower in hunting-estate populations than in the protected population, but no differences exist in the level of genetic variation between populations in open and fenced estates, although open populations have smaller effective population sizes. Our analyses confirm population subdivision at different geographical scales. Population differentiation occurs at a local scale between nearby hunting estates but does not follow an isolation-by-distance model. The mating system of red deer and random drift due to hunting probably are responsible for the differentiation of nearby populations, the loss of variability, and some degree of inbreeding.\n      </p>", "Leporid (rabbit and hare) bones have been shown to yield important information about subsistence practices, mobility patterns, and demographic trends during the Paleolithic of the western and eastern Mediterranean regions. Studies of Spanish Paleolithic caves rich in rabbit bones suggest that residential mobility patterns influence the degree of leporid hunting through time. Studies of Paleolithic sites in the eastern Mediterranean suggest that leporids were hunted in large numbers only after population sizes and densities reached certain thresholds. This paper reviews and critiques these studies based on current taphonomic and ecologic information about leporids. Leporid hunting during the Upper Paleolithic of central Portugal is then discussed and compared to these existing models. These latter data suggest that rabbit hunting in central Portugal does not conform to any existing model, suggesting that local factors of leporid density and environmental conditions likely influenced the nature and timing of small game acquisition during the Upper Paleolithic.\n      </p>", "Hunting is a tool commonly used to control the sizes of ungulate populations. Hunting can be controversial when populations also are managed for viewing opportunities, because hunting may increase wariness. We investigated the impacts of short-duration hunting on subsequent elk (Cervus elaphus) viewing opportunities in Michigan. Flight distances of elk increased approximately 25% from the onset of hunting in 1984 through 1991. Other indicators of elk wariness, including numbers seen and hunter harvest effort, have shown mixed trends, and viewer satisfaction has not decreased. We conclude that Michigan's short-duration, high-intensity elk harvest strategy has been successful to control elk numbers while maintaining quality viewing opportunities.\n      </p>", "This article describes the hunting tactics and prey selection of the Valley Bisa, a matrilineal, subsistence-oriented society in the Luangwa Valley of Zambia. Although Valley Bisa hunters explain their behavior in their own idioms, many of their tactics, including the stimuli for and timing of hunts, the circular morphology of their hunting patterns, and randomized searches, appear functionally related to the behavior and ecology of their prey. The effects of outlawing traditional harvest techniques and the imposition and enforcement of external constraints on Valley Bisa hunting patterns are discussed. Data on habitats, density of cover, wind direction, species, and initial distance to prey from 50 hunts, in which 16 mammals were killed, are compared and related to success and failure of stalking attempts. Graphs, comparing the numbers of observations for each of four variables with the frequency of stalking attempts, illustrate the cultural style of predation for this group of hunters.\n      </p>", "Many animals can adjust their behavioral strategies to reduce predation risk. We investigated whether rain forest monkeys and duikers alter their antipredatory behavior in response to hunting by humans in southwestern Gabon. We compared monkey and duiker responses to human observers in an area where hunting is prohibited, to those in a nearby area where hunting pressure is moderate but spatially variable. The results of our study indicate that monkeys become more secretive when hunted, commencing alarm calls only when at a certain distance (typically &gt; 50 m) from humans. We found no difference in monkey group size between hunted and no-hunting areas. In no-hunting areas, duikers often freeze in response to approaching observers, but in hunted areas they abandon this strategy and rapidly flee from humans. Duikers also whistle more often in areas where they are hunted frequently. Our findings have at least two important implications. First, behavioral observations of monkeys and duikers may be useful in gauging local hunting intensity in African rain forests. Second, duiker densities are likely to be overestimated in hunted areas, where they more readily flee and whistle, and underestimated in no-hunting areas, where they rely on freezing behavior to avoid detection. Because behavioral adaptations to hunting vary both among species and localities, these differences should be considered when attempting to derive population-density estimates for forest wildlife.\n      </p>", "In a number of places, sacred forest sites play an important role in conservation and local livelihoods. Here we examine how Iban hunters and animals alike use sacred forest in West Kalimantan, Indonesia. To determine the relative importance of different sites in hunting, we compare hunting effort, animal species and their numbers encountered by hunters, and encounters and captures in a variety of forest sites including sacred groves. We relate the results to the role of such sites in the overall Iban agroforestry system and in the conservation of forest habitat that professional conservationists deem precious. Such land use practices, while having social and religious origins, may be important for local economic purposes, but they may also be valuable in promoting and enhancing the more global goals of biodiversity conservation.\n      </p>", "Saragossa Plantation is located in Natchez, Mississippi. It was established in 1823 by one of the wealthiest cotton planters in the Old South, Stephen Duncan. Between 1823 and 1865, Saragossa was home to numerous enslaved African Americans who faced dangers of abuse at the hands of their overseer, sundered and reconstituted families, disease, overwork, and lack of autonomy. Hunting by members of the slave community is suggested as one of the more effective mechanisms for coping with meager rations, but it also functioned to reinforce male gender identity and to incorporate strangers into the quarter community. Overall, hunting strengthened slave family and community bonds and made these social institutions better able to cope with violence, lack of autonomy, and other risks faced by slaves.\n      </p>", "The paper formulates a bioeconomic model of a private fee-hunting enterprise to examine the optimal management of this agroecological system under a wide range of bioeconomic circumstances. An empirical application demonstrates that the economic viability of the enterprise (concerning managers) and the sustainability of the underlying biological resources (concerning public regulators) depend critically on the initial endowment of resources and on the existence of publicly-mandated or self-imposed restrictions on maximum allowable hunting rates. Perhaps surprising is the implication that in some circumstances regulators may be able to promote resource sustainability by relaxing hunting controls.\n      </p>", "We conducted an experiment to test competing hypotheses regarding the effects of hunting on American black bear (Ursus americanus) demographic parameters. Specifically, we tested for the existence and the relative influence of sexually selected infanticide (SSI) and density dependence in regulating demographic parameters. We monitored 290 bears in 2 hunted areas and an adjoining unhunted area in the boreal forest of Alberta, Canada, during a 4-year study (2002-2005). We manipulated the areas using a modified before--after control--impact (BACI) design whereby bait sites for hunting were closed in 1 of the 2 hunted areas in years 3 and 4 and adult males in the unhunted area were removed in year 3. Results did not support a significant influence of SSI, if it occurs, on population parameters compared with the effects of density dependence. We found lower cub survival (66% versus 83%) and older age of first reproduction in the unhunted, higher-density area than in the lower-density, hunted area. We found no difference in body condition of males and females between areas, suggesting that if SSI restricted females to suboptimal areas, the effect was not strong enough to affect reproduction. We did not detect an influx of new males or a change in cub survival after removal of adult males from the unhunted area (66% before versus 73% after). Our results suggest that SSI does not affect the population growth rate of hunted black bear populations, and that target hunting quotas do not require including potential effects of SSI in population projections. However, SSI should be considered in unhunted or lightly hunted populations approaching carrying capacity (K). We advocate the inclusion of density dependence in population projection models for bear populations. However, for specific cases where harvesting maintains a population size well below K, density-dependent effects are predicted to be negligible due to the non-linear relationship between demographic parameters and density.\n      </p>", "We examined the vulnerability of mallards (Anas platyrhynchos) to hunting with a spinning-wing decoy (SWD) during the 2001 and 2002 autumn hunting seasons in Manitoba, Canada. Between 8 September and 11 November 2001, we conducted 72 experimental marsh hunts, and between 8 September and 30 October 2002, we conducted 27 experimental marsh and 55 experimental field hunts. Each hunt consisted of a series of equal and alternating 15-minute experimental (SWD on) and control (SWD off) periods, separated by a 3-minute buffer. Duration of total hunts ranged from 1.0-3.0 hours, with an average of 1.4 \u00b1 0.5 hours. Experimental marsh hunts in 2001 and 2002 indicated that mallards were 1.9 times more likely to fly within gun range (P &lt; 0.001), the mean number killed/hour/hunter was 5.0 times greater (P &lt; 0.001), and the crippling rate was 1.7 times lower when the SWD was on than off (P = 0.02). Additionally, body condition index (size-adjusted body mass) of harvested mallards was greater when the SWD was on than off (P = 0.03). Experimental field hunts in 2002 indicated that mallards were 6.4 times more likely to fly within gun range (P &lt; 0.001), the mean number killed/hour/hunter was 33 times greater (P &lt; 0.001), and, although similar in the early season (before 5 October), crippling rate was 3.7 times lower when the SWD was on than off during the late season (P = 0.047). A SWD activity by age interaction (P = 0.05) indicated that when the SWD was on, harvested adult mallards had a greater body condition index than juveniles but were similar when the SWD was off. Use of a SWD increased mallard flock response, provided more shooting opportunity to hunters, increased kill rate, reduced crippling rates, and, in marsh hunts, resulted in mallards harvested with a greater body condition index. Lastly, quantifying SWD use throughout Canada and the United States will be necessary to estimate its impact on overall harvest.\n      </p>", "I reviewed historical and contemporary policies regarding off-reservation hunting by Native Americans. The central issue is the modern implications of language in federal Indian treaties that affirms off-reservation hunting rights. This issue was afforded new significance in 1995 when a Tenth Federal Circuit Court of Appeals decision upheld a 1989 conviction of a Crow Indian cited for hunting outside of the state recreational hunting season in Wyoming. I discuss the history of court interpretation of off-reservation treaty hunting rights from the late nineteenth century to the present and consider political, biological, and social constraints on the definition of a coherent policy governing off-reservation hunting rights by Native Americans. Court opinions on off-reservation hunting have been divergent, and there is an apparent dichotomy in the opinions of the Ninth and Tenth Federal Circuits. The United States Supreme Court has done little to clarify the issue. Although legal opinion tends to trump other considerations, the courts do not appear likely to define a national policy governing off-reservation hunting rights soon. It seems likely that 2 divergent policies coexist. Without a clear definition of an off-reservation hunting policy by the courts, I suggest that states and tribes should negotiate working agreements within the framework of biological, political, and social constraints. This would provide resource managers considerable discretion to craft situation-specific approaches that are programmatic in nature and avoid the morass of legal uncertainties inherent in defining vague treaty phrases, thus minimizing political risks to the states and tribes. The challenges to be overcome to effectively implement such an approach also are discussed.\n      </p>", "Recent interest in Upper Paleolithic small prey acquisition focuses on the significance of fiber-based hunting technologies. Some researchers believe the advent of these technologies and presence of small faunas reflect efficient communal net-hunts driven by women's labor. We evaluate different small prey hunting techniques, using ethnographic data from foragers in the Congo Basin. These and other ethnographic data suggest that net-hunting is a high risk endeavor that often has high opportunity costs. We argue that the high costs associated with net-hunting have profound implications for human technological choice, and we evaluate the circumstances that would favor the use of different small prey hunting technologies in the Upper Paleolithic.\n      </p>", "Mammal populations are increasingly hunted, yet the consequences of their disappearance from tropical forests have only recently been explored. Here, we summarize current research on the role of mammals in seed dispersal and postdispersal processes, such as seed predation and secondary dispersal, in different tropical regions. We evaluate how mammal features influence seedshadows and ultimately forest regeneration. Finally, we discuss the potential effect of changes in seedshadows caused by the elimination of many medium-and large-sized mammals. The complex role that mammals play in creating and modifying seedshadows in tropical forests cannot be easily quantified, and in this review we emphasize the variation that exists both within and among mammal taxa and across continents. To bridge this gap in information, we suggest that more studies should evaluate the relative importance of the disappearance of both seed dispersers and seed predators for particular plant species so that we may begin to understand the balance between these two influences. We also suggest that future studies identify ecological redundancy in nonhunted vertebrates within any particular community to evaluate compensatory behavior that may help ameliorate some of the negative effects of hunting of large and medium mammals.\n      </p>", "During 1993, the Illinois Department of Natural Resources extended mourning dove (Zenaida macroura) hunting hours to increase recreational opportunities. We investigated the physiological response of doves to extended hunting hours through a combination of laboratory and field procedures. We determined that food deprivation causes corticosterone levels to increase in doves, suggesting that if doves were excluded from foraging areas by hunting pressure, a rise in corticosterone levels should be detectable. Field procedures revealed that hunting resulted in a measurable increase in corticosterone levels, although the magnitude of the observed increase probably was not biologically significant (preseason x\u0304 = 1.35 ng/ml vs. hunting x\u0304 = 1.87 ng/ml). We did not detect differences in corticosterone levels between traditional and extended hunting hours (P = 0.25), but did find evidence to suggest that dove foraging was affected by hunting and hunting hours. Mourning dove weights were greater preseason (x\u0304 = 117.4 g) than during hunting season (x\u0304 = 111.0 g), which may be partially explained by an increase in the number of empty crops during hunting season (54.1% hunting season vs. 25.8% preseason). The absence of food in crops most likely accounted for the observed weight loss. Furthermore, sunflower seeds (the dove attractant) were more frequently found in crops preseason (45.1%) than after the start of hunting (22.1%), suggesting that doves hunted during traditional hunting hours foraged on sunflower seeds more than doves harvested during extended hunting hours. However, the effects of hunting on foraging did not cause rises of corticosterone levels comparable to those observed in food deprivation experiments. We conclude that most doves were not stressed by the hunting-hour change.\n      </p>", "Vertebrate responses to hunting are widely variable for target and nontarget species depending on the history of hunting and productivity of any given site and the life history traits of game species. We provide a comprehensive meta-analysis of changes in population density or other abundance estimates for 30 mid-sized to large mammal, bird and reptile species in 101 hunted and nonhunted, but otherwise undisturbed, Neotropical forest sites. The data set was analyzed using both an unnested approach, based on population density estimates, and a nested approach in which pairwise comparisons of abundance metrics were restricted to geographic groups of sites sharing similar habitat and soil conditions. This resulted in 25 geographic clusters of sites within which 1811 population abundance estimates were compared across different levels of hunting pressure. Average nested changes in abundance across increasingly greater levels of hunting pressure ranged from moderately positive to highly negative. Populations of all species combined declined across greater differences in hunting pressure by up to 74.8 percent from their numeric abundance in less intensively hunted sites, but harvest-sensitive species faired far worse. Of the 30 species examined, 22 declined significantly at high levels of hunting. Body size significantly affected the direction and magnitude of abundance changes, with large-bodied species declining faster in overhunted sites. Frugivorous species showed more marked declines in abundance in heavily hunted sites than seed predators and browsers, regardless of the effects of body size. The implications of hunting for seed dispersal are discussed in terms of community dynamics in semi-defaunated tropical forests.\n      </p>", "Thick-billed murre (Uria lomvia) hunting by Inuit of West Greenland was surveyed during the winter and spring of 1988/89. Kill toll levels and age structure of the kill were determined for districts between Upernavik (73\u00b0N) and Nanortalik (60\u00b0N). Based on counts of the numbers of birds available for purchase at markets and on information from processing companies, an estimated 100 000 murres were killed for commercial trading purposes in 1988/89. Non-commercial hunting is harder to assess, but estimates based on the number of licences issued and the mean number of murres killed per day by non-commercial hunters indicate that between 190 000 and 293 000 murres are killed per annum. Thus the total kill toll is estimated to be between 283 000 and 386 000 murres annually. In Central West and Southwest Greenland the peak hunting period was November and December, but hunting continued to 15 March or until ice conditions prevented sailing. Age distribution of the kill was determined by classifying 6278 murres as \"first-year\" or \"older\" by the development of the cranium. In Southwest Greenland the proportion of older birds in the kill was always below 9%, whereas in Central West Greenland (Nuuk) the value increased from 27.5% in October to 75.8% old birds in March. About 90% of the murres killed in spring near major breeding colonies in Upernavik were adult breeding birds, and hunting near the breeding grounds is considered the major cause for population reductions. Murres shot in winter are mostly birds from colonies outside Greenland, but though it has yet to be proved, the immense kill of murres during the winter hunt probably affects the populations involved. Recommendations for improvement of the management of murre populations in Greenland include public education programs and law enforcement, reduction of number of hunters and shortened winter hunting season. Further research is needed on the magnitude and variation of the noncommercial hunt, detailed breeding population monitoring and origin of killed birds. /// Au cours de l'hiver et de l'\u00e9t\u00e9 de 1988-89, on a effectu\u00e9 des relev\u00e9s portant sur la chasse \u00e0 la marmette de Br\u00fcnnich (Uria lomvia) par les Inuit de l'ouest du Groenland. Le taux des oiseaux abattus et leur structure d'\u00e2ge ont \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9termin\u00e9s pour les districts situ\u00e9s entre Upernavik (73\u00b0N.) et Nanortalik (60\u00b0N.). En s'appuyant sur le comptage du nombre d'oiseaux mis en vente sur les march\u00e9s ainsi que sur l'information obtenue aupr\u00e8s des compagnies de conditionnement, on a \u00e9valu\u00e9 \u00e0 100 000 le nombre de marmettes de Br\u00fcnnich tu\u00e9es \u00e0 des fins commerciales en 1988-89. La chasse non commerciale est plus difficile \u00e0 \u00e9valuer, mais les estimations fond\u00e9es sur le nombre de permis issus et la moyenne de marmettes tu\u00e9es chaque jour par des chasseurs non commerciaux indiquent qu'entre 190 000 et 293 000 marmettes sont tu\u00e9es chaque ann\u00e9e. Le nombre total de marmettes tu\u00e9es annuellement se situerait donc entre 283 000 et 386 000. Dans le centre-ouest et le sud-ouest du Groenland, la saison de chasse battait son plein en novembre et d\u00e9cembre, mais la chasse continuait jusqu'au 15 mars ou jusqu'\u00e0 ce que les conditions des glaces emp\u00eachent la navigation. On a d\u00e9termin\u00e9 la distribution d'\u00e2ge des oiseaux tu\u00e9s en classant 6278 marmettes dans deux cat\u00e9gories, soit \"premi\u00e8re ann\u00e9e\" ou \"plus \u00e2g\u00e9e\" d'apr\u00e8s le d\u00e9veloppement de la bo\u00eete cr\u00e2nienne. Dans le sud-ouest du Groenland, la proportion d'oiseaux plus \u00e2g\u00e9s parmi les oiseaux tu\u00e9s \u00e9tait toujours inf\u00e9rieure \u00e0 9 p. cent, tandis que dans le centre-ouest du Groenland (Nuuk), la proportion augmentait de 27,5 p. cent en octobre \u00e0 75,8 p. cent au mois de mars. Pr\u00e8s de 90 p. cent des marmettes de Briinnich tu\u00e9es au printemps \u00e0 proximit\u00e9 d'importantes colonies reproductrices \u00e0 Upernavik \u00e9taient des adultes en \u00e2ge de se reproduire, et c'est la chasse pr\u00e8s des sites de nidification qui serait tenue en grande partie responsable de la diminution de leur population. Les marmettes abattues en hiver sont surtout des oiseaux venant de colonies situ\u00e9es hors du Groenland, mais, bien que cela reste encore \u00e0 prouver, l'abattage massif des marmettes durant la chasse hivernale affecte probablement les populations concern\u00e9es. Les recommandations en vue d'am\u00e9liorer la gestion des populations de marmettes de Briinnich au Groenland comprennent des programmes \u00e9ducatifs et l'application stricte des lois, la r\u00e9duction du nombre de chasseurs et le raccourcissement de la saison de chasse hivernale. D'autres recherches sont n\u00e9cessaires concernant l'ampleur et la variation de la chasse non commerciale, une surveillance d\u00e9taill\u00e9e de la population reproductrice et la provenance des oiseaux tu\u00e9s.\n      </p>", "A pack of 19-29 African wild dogs (Lycaon pictus) in the Masai Mara area of Kenya was monitored during July-August 1989 to document their success in capturing various ungulate species. The pack was most successful killing smaller, abundant ungulate prey, and was not less successful when pack size abruptly was reduced; overall hunting success (all species) was 51%. Abundant prey, low competition with other large carnivores, and large size of pack confound conjecture concerning the evolution of pack size.\n      </p>", "The Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem contains the rare combination of an intact guild of native large carnivores, their prey, and differing land management policies (National Park versus National Forest; no hunting versus hunting). Concurrent field studies on large carnivores allowed us to investigate activities of humans and carnivores on Yellowstone National Park's (YNP) northern boundary. Prior to and during the backcountry big-game hunting season, we monitored movements of grizzly bears (Ursus arctos), wolves (Canis lupus), and cougars (Puma concolor) on the northern boundary of YNP. Daily aerial telemetry locations (September 1999), augmented with weekly telemetry locations (August and October 1999), were obtained for 3 grizzly bears, 7 wolves in 2 groups of 1 pack, and 3 cougars in 1 family group. Grizzly bears were more likely located inside the YNP boundary during the pre-hunt period and north of the boundary once hunting began. The cougar family tended to be found outside YNP during the pre-hunt period and moved inside YNP when hunting began. Wolves did not significantly change their movement patterns during the pre-hunt and hunting periods. Qualitative information on elk (Cervus elaphus) indicated they moved into YNP once hunting started, suggesting that cougars followed living prey or responded to hunting activity, grizzly bears focused on dead prey (e.g., gut piles, crippled elk), and wolves may have taken advantage of both. Measures of association (Jacob's Index) were positive within carnivore species but inconclusive among species. Further collaborative research and the use of new technologies such as Global Positioning System (GPS) telemetry collars will advance our ability to understand these species, the carnivore community and its interactions, and human influences on carnivores.\n      </p>", "Holocene fossils document the extinction of hundreds of bird species on Pacific islands during prehistoric human occupation. Human hunting is implicated in these extinctions, but the impact of hunting is difficult to disentangle from the effects of other changes induced by humans, including habitat destruction and the introduction of other mammalian predators. Here, we use data from bones collected at a natural sand dune site and associated archaeological middens in New Zealand to show that, having controlled for differences in body mass and family membership (and hence for variation in life-history traits related to population growth rate), birds that were more intensively hunted by prehistoric humans had a higher probability of extinction. This result cannot be attributed to preservation biases and provides clear evidence that selective hunting contributed significantly to prehistoric bird extinctions at this site.\n      </p>", "I studied variables affecting size of hunting range in breeding Merlins (Falco columbarius) from May to July, 1987-1990 in Saskatoon, Canada. Males were monitored during most of the breeding season, whereas females were observed only in the fledging period when they hunt. During the incubation period, the abundance of total prey birds (&lt;100 g) and House Sparrows (Passer domesticus, the primary prey) was negatively correlated with hunting range size of males whereas in the nestling period, only total bird abundance was negatively correlated with the hunting range size. Most males changed their range sizes from the incubation to nestling period inversely with changes in prey abundance on their ranges. For females, both body mass and House Sparrow abundance were negatively correlated with hunting range size. I found no significant effect of clutch/brood size and intruder density on hunting range size of Merlins. Similarly, no clear seasonal pattern emerged in the size of hunting ranges of males.\n      </p>", "To quantify the consequences of local hunting on illegal kill of canvasbacks (Aythya valisineria), we studied the behavior of hunters on a 646-ha area open to duck hunting (closed to canvasback hunting) on Lake Onalaska, Navigation Pool 7, Wisconsin, during the 1991 and 1992 waterfowl hunting seasons. Law enforcement officers observed 258 hunting parties for 419 hours. Of 94 hunting parties encountering canvasbacks, 41 (44%) shot at the ducks on 56 occasions, or 27% of 207 encounters observed. Based on a ratio estimator, there were 790 (95% Cl = 376) attempts to shoot at canvasbacks on the Lake Onalaska study area during 1991 and 837 (95% Cl = 390) during 1992. Mortality of canvasbacks, excluding crippling loss, was estimated to be 128 during 1991 and 166 during 1992. Thus, total canvasback losses may be higher than currently estimated on a flyway or national basis. This estimating technique offers a promising method for enumerating hunter take of protected and legal species.\n      </p>", "Understanding the impact of hunting on wildlife populations is crucial to achieving sustainability and requires knowledge of prey abundance responses to different levels of exploitation. While the abundance of primates has been shown to respond independently to hunting and habitat, habitat is rarely considered simultaneously when evaluating the impacts of hunting. Furthermore, the importance of these two factors in determining the abundance of other species has not been well investigated. We evaluate the independent effects of hunting and habitat on the abundance of a diverse assemblage of species, using a series of predictions and data from a study in Equatorial Guinea. Line transect surveys in sites of varying hunting intensity and habitat, and weekly interviews with hunters on current hunting effort in each site, were conducted. We also consider the role of past hunting, and discuss the interrelationships between hunting and habitat variables. We show that for primates, hunting is important in determining abundance, while for rodents and duikers, habitat is more important. Our findings show that the effects of hunting and habitat on abundance vary greatly between species, are often confounded and require an approach that isolates their independent effects to determine the true impact of hunting. Conservation managers must consider and incorporate habitat heterogeneity when managing hunting systems, taking into account the way in which the relative importance of these factors can vary between species.\n      </p>", "Hunting by Iban forest farmers in West Kalimantan, Indonesia, is an important part of their subsistence economy, and as such became a focus of study as part of a conservation project in the Danau Sentarum Wildlife Reserve. In this paper, we examine Iban hunting of nonhuman primates with comparison to other large mammals. We analyze rates of encounter and capture, comparing encounters, hunting trips, and animal numbers. Information on habitats hunted shows the importance of secondary and old growth forest. Also examined are Iban attitudes, game preferences, and taboos. The significance of these findings is discussed with regard to the threats to wildlife from increases in the use of shotguns, human population, and habitat destruction, showing that conservation may be aided by promoting or enhancing certain aspects of the traditional Iban agroforestry system.\n      </p>", "Sedinger and Rexstad (1994) objected to the model selection procedures in our analysis of mallard (Anas platyrhynchos) survival (Smith and Reynolds 1992), especially in our analysis of the additive and compensatory nature of hunting mortality. Sedinger and Rexstad (1994) disagreed with pooling data over age-sex classes and the averaging over banding reference areas that was part of our ultrastructural analysis. We believe these objections are unfounded and are based on a misinterpretation of the principle of parsimony. Sedinger and Rexstad (1994) proposed the addition of a density-dependent term to the ultrastructural model to explain observed changes in survival patterns. Their analysis suggested, as we also believe, that density dependence may be a viable alternative. Certainly density-dependent mortality should be investigated further using appropriate mechanistic models. However, a comparison of the 2 models indicates that the hunting hypothesis fits historical data better, and therefore is the more appropriate model. We disagree with Sedinger and Rexstad's (1994) call for implementing differing management actions in the absence of supporting information.\n      </p>", "As problems associated with overabundant white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus) become more common in urban areas, the need to develop safe and effective management strategies to reduce deer populations becomes increasingly important. Our objectives were to develop and evaluate the effectiveness of different hunting strategies, assess the value of shooting proficiency tests, and quantify hunter effort, attitudes, and perceptions of hunting in an urban area. We used a rigorous hunter-selection process to select qualified shotgun and archery deer hunters. Hunt guidelines were developed by the Mumford Cove community to address concerns of residents. Hunting occurred during 3 2-day hunt periods from 20 November to 5 December 2000. Hunt periods were separated by 5-day no-hunt periods. Hunters were distributed in elevated tree stands at 1 hunter per 0.85 ha in the Bluff Point Salt Marsh and 1 hunter per 0.93 ha in the Mumford Cove open space. In the Bluff Point Salt Marsh, 12 of 12 (100%) female deer and associated offspring were removed in 6 hours of hunting. In the Mumford Cove open space, 11 of 13 (84%) female deer and associated offspring were removed in 6 days. Deer in this area exhibited a steep learning curve after hunt initiation and avoided hunted areas. Of known marked (n=16) and unmarked does (n=2) and associated offspring (n=7) in the community, 23 of 25 (92%) females and associated offspring were removed during the hunt. We concluded that dense patches of cover and cover unoccupied by hunters should be disturbed to prevent deer from seeking refuge in these areas. In addition, effective hunt strategies designed to significantly reduce deer herds in urban landscapes should maximize areas open to hunting, maximize hunter density and distribution, encourage firearms hunting where possible, maximize harvest opportunities, and allow for flexibility in hunt design in response to changes in deer behavior.\n      </p>", "We evaluated the economic impact of restricting white-tailed (Odocoileus virginianus) buck harvest opportunity to lease hunting groups. We identified 3 similar-sized (655-675-ha) contiguous tracts with visually similar deer hunting quality on a Love County, Oklahoma ranch. Hunting leases were offered on each tract through a sealed bid process. We assigned the state (S), moderate (M), and conservative (C) tracts annual buck harvest limits of 12, 5, and 3, respectively. Other aspects of the leases (term, doe deer and other game harvest opportunity, number of participants, etc.) were identical. We required interested parties to submit a bid on all of the tracts. Thus, each bidder served as a replicate. We analyzed 16 bids and observed a significant difference among tracts (&lt;tex-math&gt;$F_{2,\\ 15}=33.18$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P=0.035). Mean bids per hectare for S ($3.24) and M ($3.29) were not different, but the mean bid for C ($2.77) was significantly lower. No lease value was lost by implementing a moderately conservative buck harvest limit under these conditions.\n      </p>", "Mixing of locally breeding Canada geese (mainly Branta canadensis maxima) with subarctic nesting races (mainly B. c. interior) on fall staging and wintering areas of the Atlantic and Mississippi flyways presents management conflicts when harvest strategies differ for each population. During fall and winter 1988-90, we examined population size, survival, harvest, and movements of locally breeding and migrant Canada geese in northwestern Pennsylvania to assess their vulnerability to hunting. We observed geese marked with neck bands to estimate abundance, movements, and survival and used morphological measurements to estimate percentage of each population in the harvest. Approximately 8,500 local geese were in the study area in September 1988 and 1989. Migrant geese were present from September through February and their numbers peaked (15,000-18,000) during the latter part of the hunting season (Dec). More than 40% of migrant geese remained &lt;10 days. Harvest was not random (P &lt; 0.05) for 90% of the hunting season; local geese were harvested proportionately more than their availability in the population, while migrant geese were harvested proportionately less than their availability in the population. Differences in harvest probability of local and migrant geese were largest later in the hunting season. However, the number of geese in the harvest and hunting success declined (P &lt; 0.001) as the season progressed. Regional management practices can have a differential effect on Canada goose populations.\n      </p>", "A large complement of Australia's biotic web is dependent on a regular regime of burning, much of which is the result of firing by humans. Many researchers have suggested that moderate and repeated burning by Aborigines is a tool designed to enhance hunting efficiency. We present the first test of this with data on contemporary Martu Aboriginal burning and hunting strategies in the arid spinifex savanna of the Western Desert during the cool-dry season (May-August). Our results show a strong positive effect of mosaic burning on the efficiency of hunting burrowed prey (primarily conducted by women), but not larger mobile prey (primarily conducted by men). We suggest that regular anthropogenic disturbance through burning in Australia's Western Desert may be important for sustaining biodiversity and habitat mosaics, but these effects may be maintained primarily by women's hunting of burrowed game. We discuss the implications of these results for understanding variability in hunting strategies, issues of conservation, and land management policy for the region.\n      </p>", "More than 18% of tropical rainforests are now covered by totally protected areas. If these were well protected, we could feel reasonably confident that current conservation strategies might succeed in preserving a substantial proportion of tropical biodiversity. However, in most parts of the tropics, poachers enter and leave reserves with impunity. On the basis of reports from the hunting literature, it seems likely that a majority of tropical nature reserves may already be considered empty forests\u2014meaning that all bird and mammal species larger than approximately two kilograms\u2014barring a few hunting-tolerant species\u2014have either been extirpated or exist at densities well below natural levels of abundance. The disruption of ecological functions caused by the loss of symbionts further compromises the capacity of these reserves to conserve biodiversity over the long term. A substantial shift toward improving the management and enforcement of tropical protected-area networks is required.\n      </p>", "Literature from Eurasia was reviewed for information to test the hypothesis that hunting of brown bears (Ursus arctos) makes them more wary of humans. The results were not rigorous enough to test the hypothesis scientifically. However, the common impressions were that bears are more wary of humans where they are hunted than where they are protected and that bears remained wary in several low-density populations that had been protected for a long time. In spite of this, bears in several increasing populations that were hunted became less wary. Use of human-derived food was involved when wariness toward humans was lost and appeared to be a more important factor influencing wariness than hunting. I tentatively conclude that accessible human-derived foods for bears must be controlled to maintain the bears' wariness toward people. When this has been done, hunting may contribute to increasing bears' wariness. This subject requires that more research and scientific experiments be conducted, because people are more willing to accept wary bears.\n      </p>", "Coyotes (Canis latrans) associating with badgers (Taxidea taxus) appeared to hunt Uinta ground squirrels (Spermophilus armatus) more effectively than lone coyotes. Coyotes with badgers consumed prey at higher rates (P = 0.09) and had an expanded habitat base and lower locomotion costs. Badgers with coyotes spent more time below ground and active (P = 0.02), and probably had decreased locomotion and excavation costs. Overall, prey vulnerability appeared to increase when both carnivores hunted in partnership. Complementary morphological adaptations and predatory strategies, interspecific tolerance, and behavioral flexibility allowed them to form temporary hunting associations. The following ecological circumstances may have increased the likelihood of this interaction in our study area: relatively high densities of predators and prey; relatively long-lived predator populations; a vegetative structure that impeded solitary hunting by coyotes; a high connectivity of prey burrows that decreased hunting success of badgers; an absence of interaction with humans; a stressful physical environment.\n      </p>", "Experiments were conducted to determine whether previous encounters with host spiders would affect hunting behavior in females of the spider wasp, Pepsis mildei. Each wasp was subjected to 3 encounters with a different spider (Aphonopelma steindachneri) in an experimental chamber. The mean time required for wasps to orient their bodies and approach the host decreased significantly by the second encounter (546.1 sec \u00b1 15.2 SD) as compared to that required by naive wasps on their first encounter (972.4 sec \u00b1 19.3). In a similar fashion, mean time required to paralyze the host decreased from 198.5 sec \u00b1 13.3 SD on the first encounter to 156.7 sec \u00b1 10.2 by the second encounter. The mean number of movements of the antennae by these wasps for various time intervals during the hunting sequence (interval between the initial orientation of wasp toward the spider, and first contact; and between last bout of antennation of host and insertion of stinger) also decreased significantly between the first and second encounters, suggesting that the time required to assess the suitability of a host decreased as a function of experience as well. These results indicate that the hunting behavior of pepsine wasps is characterized by a certain degree of plasticity that may contribute to the survivorship of these wasps. This plasticity may be due learning processes or timing-events associated with sensitization.\n      </p>", "Portia fimbriata, an araneophagic jumping spider (Salticidae), makes undirected leaps (erratic leaping with no particular target being evident) in the presence of chemical cues from Jacksonoides queenslandicus, another salticid and a common prey of P. fimbriata. Whether undirected leaping by P. fimbriata functions as hunting by speculation is investigated experimentally. Our first hypothesis, that undirected leaps provoke movement by J. queenslandicus, was investigated using living P. fimbriata and three types of lures made from dead, dry arthropods (P. fimbriata, J. queenslandicus and Musca domestica). When a living P. fimbriata made undirected leaps or a spring-driven device made the lures suddenly move up and down, simulating undirected leaping, J. queenslandicus responded by waving its palps and starting to walk. There was no statistical evidence that the species from which the lure was made influenced J. queenslandicus' response in these tests. Our second hypothesis, that J. queenslandicus reveals its location to P. fimbriata by moving, was investigated by recording P. fimbriata's reaction to J. queenslandicus when J. queenslandicus reacted to lures simulating undirected leaping. In these tests, P. fimbriata responded by turning toward J. queenslandicus and waving its palps.\n      </p>", "This paper describes a 5-year planning process that addressed the decline of hunting participation in Texas. We began the planning process by examining 20 years of research that revealed a decline in hunting participation and factors contributing to the decline. We convened a Hunting Think Tank meeting where we presented the 20-year trend data to 30 individuals with vested interests in the future of hunting in Texas. One outcome of the first meeting was the development of a synthesis brochure, \"The Future of Hunting in Texas,\" to educate the hunting public and stakeholders about current trends and future implications and build support for the need to develop a strategic plan. The Future of Hunting information and brochure were presented to the Hunting Advisory Board of the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department, after which the Board added development of a strategic plan to its agenda. In fact, the 2002 Governor's Hunting Heritage Symposium was delayed one year until a strategic plan was developed. Group Solutions was hired to survey the hunting and nonhunting public about the future of hunting in Texas. Its survey data were used to define content of the strategic plan during a 2-day meeting of 60 invited stakeholders before the annual conference of the Texas Wildlife Association. The strategic plan included, among other things, all issues and problems associated with the decline in hunting participation in Texas, an action plan to address the decline, and the requirements needed to activate the plan. Several other valuable outcomes derived from the planning process, beyond development of the Strategic Plan, were included in this report.\n      </p>", "Hunting is a fundamentally important tool for wildlife managers. We examined the null hypothesis that hunting does not influence deer movement and their use of habitat types. Seventeen radio-collared, adult, female Rocky Mountain mule deer (Odocoileus hemionus hemionus) were located 1 day before the 1983 first Colorado deer season, and during day 2 of the first and day 3 of the second deer seasons in the foothills west of Fort Collins, Colorado. Distance from the preseason location to each location during hunting seasons were calculated for each deer. There were no differences between mean distance from pre-hunting season location to hunting season location for 10 deer that had all 3 locations in the area closed to hunting, and 4 deer that had 3 locations in the area open to hunting (P = 0.34 and 0.52). All 17 deer had all 3 locations in the interior of their minimum convex polygon home ranges. Those home ranges had a mean size of 226 ha and range of 117 to 323 ha. However, deer in the section open to hunting generally moved to vegetation types with increasingly better escape cover as the hunting seasons progressed. We conclude that hunting pressure did not cause deer movement in terms of distance or cause them to leave their normal home ranges, but did cause deer to move into more adequate cover.\n      </p>", "In prey-rich environments, leopard survival is ensured by an energy-maximizing, prey-selective strategy through which the leopard obtains the maximum amount of energy as food for the minimum amount of energy expended in hunting. In prey-poor environments, like the southern Kalahari, this is impossible. These leopards must use other strategies for survival. One strategy is maximizing the number of prey without selection for species. Hunger motivates hunting in all leopards, but in the prey-poor southern Kalahari it is hypothesized that female leopards with cubs must develop additional strategies to increase their own survival and that of their cubs. This study shows that these females increase their hunting success and expend less energy in hunting than other leopards by moving shorter distances before making a kill and by regularly killing a high frequency of those types of smaller prey that are more easy to kill. Motherhood therefore motivates female leopards with cubs to hunt more efficiently than other leopards in the prey-poor southern Kalahari.\n      </p>", "The question of why people work more or less at various activities is an old one in anthropology and recently has surfaced in studies of native South American societies. Growing out of debates about protein scarcity, arguments have arisen over the reasons why people spend time on hunting and fishing. Some authors suggest that labor allocation and other societal features can be explained with reference to absolute minimum requirements for specific nutrients (e.g., protein). This study presents data from four native Central Brazilian societies on the time spent at various subsistence tasks and the productivity of those tasks. The evidence suggests that decisions to allocate labor to hunting and fishing are influenced more by the overall possibilities for production in an area than by the availability of animal proteins alone. Satisfaction of calorie requirements appears to take precedence over satisfaction of protein requirements. In those societies in which gardening is highly productive, people can spend more time on hunting and fishing and improve the overall quality of their diet.\n      </p>", "Prey distribution, environmental conditions, and competition should affect animals' choice of patches, hunting method, and prey types. Loggerhead Shrikes are sit-and-wait predators and rarely hunt in flight. We observed the effect of sub-optimal substrate on their hunting capabilities. Hunting attempts and hunting success were not significantly different before and after the substrate in six territories was mown, although significant differences occurred in the number of prey caught by aerial chases and hovering and in the number collected from perches. In two territories that were not mown, no significant differences occurred. None of the shrikes adjusted the boundaries of their territories; all were apparently able to overcome the effects of high vegetation by altering their hunting behavior.\n      </p>", "We define animal husbandry as prey conservation. Conservation is rare among extant hunters and only likely to occur when prey are highly valued, private goods. The long-term discounted deferred returns from husbandry must also be greater than the short-term returns from hunting. We compare the returns from hunting and husbanding strategies as a function of prey body size. Returns from husbanding are estimated using a maximum sustainable yield (MSY) model. Following Charnov (1993), allometric analyses show that the MSY is nearly independent of prey body size. The opportunity costs of husbanding are measured as prey standing biomass times the discount rate. Since standing biomass scales positively with body size, the opportunity costs of husbanding are greater for larger animals. An evolutionary discount rate is estimated following Rogers (1994) to be between 2.4% and 6%. Using these values, the prey body size for which hunting and meat-only husbanding provide the same return is approximately 40kg. Animals greater than 40kg are predicted to be hunted.\n      </p>", "Participatory research documented the hunting yields of 59 households in five neighboring indigenous villages in western Panama. These households captured 2,580 kg of game over 8 months, with 47% of the harvest coming from agricultural areas. The quantity of game captured in anthropogenic habitats is influenced by the hunting strategies employed. Only 25% of game captured during hunting trips was captured in agricultural areas, as opposed to 93% while \"awaiting\" and 65% using traps. Reliance on different strategies is in turn dependent on age, gender, and access to firearms. I argue that garden hunting is not a response to game depletion, but rather a productive activity that is complementary to broader cultural and economic patterns, and that simultaneously protects crops from animal predation. The creation of heterogeneous habitat mosaics through shifting cultivation has played a key role in the relationship between people and wildlife in the humid neotropics, leading to adjustments in both animal foraging patterns and indigenous hunting practices.\n      </p>", "Minimum-point regulations have been used as a strategy to promote bull elk survival without limiting hunter opportunity. Further evaluation and documentation of the efficacy of minimum-point regulations are needed. We used tooth-collection data to determine effects of 2 hunting regulation strategies on the age structure of bull elk (Cervus elaphus) in the northern Oregon Coast Range and to validate post-hunting-season telephone survey data. We collected teeth from 850 bulls harvested during rifle seasons in 3 Wildlife Management Units (WMUs) during 1994-1998 and calculated annual survival with univariate regression analysis of age structure data. Average annual survival of bull elk was 0.57 (SD=0.10). Bull survival did not differ among WMUs with any-bull and minimum-point regulation types (&lt;tex-math&gt;$t_{10}=-0.21$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P=0.84). In all 3 WMUs, over 90% of the bulls were harvested before age 4, regardless of hunting regulation strategy. Based on post-harvest elk population surveys and telephone harvest data, bull escapement and proportion of bulls killed when first legally available for harvest did not differ under any-bull and minimum-point regulations. With great hunter pressure in the Oregon Coast Range, minimum-point regulations are not likely to increase number of older bulls without limiting hunter numbers.\n      </p>", "1. In recent decades, the populations of several goose species have increased dramatically and are severely impacting on their habitat. We examined the relative contribution of reproduction and mortality to changes in the dynamics of the entire North American population of greater snow geese Anser caerulescens atlanticus from 1970 to 1998. 2. The total population increased 10-fold over this period, with two phases of rapid population growth in 1970-74 and 1984-98 separated by an intervening period of stagnation. The reproductive rate was estimated from age ratios in the autumn, survival from ring recoveries, and harvest rates from hunter surveys. 3. Variations in population growth could not be explained by changes in reproduction, which was similar across the three periods (overall mean 26 \u00b1 3% young in the autumn flock) with no evidence of density-dependence. 4. Adult survival did not differ between the two periods of rapid population growth (0\u00b784 \u00b1 0\u00b704 during 1970-74 vs. 0\u00b780 \u00b1 0\u00b704 during 1990-96), thus providing no evidence of density-dependence effects either. The survival rates of young could only be estimated during 1990-96, when they varied greatly (mean 0\u00b736 \u00b1 0\u00b712, annual range 0\u00b711-0\u00b748). 5. Adult harvest rates were much higher during the period of no population growth (0\u00b711 \u00b1 0\u00b701%) than before (0\u00b704 \u00b1 0\u00b701%) or after (0\u00b706 \u00b1 0\u00b701%). The increased harvest starting in 1975 was due to the re-opening of the US hunting season. Thus, reduced survival due to increased hunting mortality apparently caused the stagnation of growth between 1975 and 1983. 6. We conclude that hunting mortality has had the most impact on recent population dynamics in the greater snow goose and, in the absence of density-dependent effects, hunting could be used to limit the growth of this population.\n      </p>", "The function of the vibration signal of the honey bee (Apis mellifera) during house hunting was investigated by removing vibrating bees from swarms and examining the effects on waggle dancing for nest sites, liftoff preparations and swarm movement. We compared house hunting among three swarm types: (1) test swarms (from which vibrating bees were removed), (2) manipulated control (MC) swarms (from which randomly selected workers and some waggle dancers were removed), and (3) unmanipulated control (UC) swarms (from which no bees were removed). The removal of vibrating bees had pronounced effects on liftoff preparations and swarm movement. Compared to the MC and UC swarms, the test swarms had significantly greater liftoff-preparation periods, were more likely to abort liftoff attempts, and in some cases were unable to move to the chosen site after the swarm became airborne. However, the three swarm types did not differ in overall levels of waggle dance activity, the time required to achieve consensus for a nest site, the rate at which new waggle dancers were recruited for the chosen site, or the ability to maintain levels of worker piping necessary to prepare for flight. The removal of vibrating bees may therefore have altered liftoff behavior because of a direct effect on vibration signal activity. A primary function of the signal during house hunting may be to generate a level of activity in workers that enhances and coordinates responses to other signals that stimulate departure and movement to a new location.\n      </p>", "We used a multiple-satisfaction approach to assess demand for elk hunting opportunities in Colorado. We used a mail-out instrument and follow-up telephone interview to contact a random sample of resident and nonresident Colorado elk (Cervus elaphus) hunters (n = 1,618). The majority of elk hunters preferred rifle hunts that maximize hunting frequency but also coincide with higher hunter densities and smaller male elk. We also found that hunters preferred management alternatives that allow frequent hunts for moderate-sized animals over alternatives that focus on trophy hunting. Consistent with other studies employing the multiple satisfaction construct and with principles that guide experience-based management, we found that not all hunters seek the same type of hunting opportunity. This would suggest that within the constraints of cost, providing a range of hunting opportunities will result in a broader range of benefits to the hunting public. Data were used not only to indicate preference for different herd management alternatives but also to provide the basis for estimating total number of hunters afield in a given year and expected license-sale revenue across alternatives. Information we provided has aided the Colorado Division of Wildlife in updating its big-game-hunting regulatory process.\n      </p>", "In 1994, Oregon voters passed Measure 18, a citizen-sponsored ballot initiative that banned the use of dogs or bait for hunting black bears (Ursus americanus). A minority of bear hunters used dogs, bait, or both prior to the passage of Measure 18; however, hunters who used these methods killed the majority of bears, especially in western Oregon. Although estimated harvest was lower after Measure 18, the elimination of these hunting techniques did not significantly decrease the statewide harvest. However, the annual estimated harvest in western Oregon was significantly lower following Measure 18. Because hound hunting and baiting can be selective hunting methods, we suspected that their elimination might alter the age- and sex-structure of the harvest. We analyzed voluntary tooth return data to determine the effects of Measure 18 on harvest composition. Before Measure 18, hunters using bait took younger bears than hunters using dogs (P = 0.05). There was no difference between the average age of bears killed by hunters using other methods and those killed by hunters using either dogs (P = 0.91) or bait (P = 0.19). Male bears accounted for a higher (P &lt; 0.01) proportion (66%) of the harvest than did females during all years, 1991-97; however, the proportion of males in the harvest did not differ between hunting techniques (P = 0.21). There was no difference detected in harvested bears between the 2 periods (pre-Measure 18 [1991-94] and post-Measure 18 [1995-97]) for either mean age of both sexes combined (P = 0.84) or proportion of males in the harvest (P = 0.95). Although more time may be required under the new hunting regulations before any differences can be detected, we concluded that the method of take had little initial effect on the sex and age composition of the harvest. Due to the regional effects of Measure 18, the loss of hound hunting and baiting may not directly affect statewide bear harvest levels but may present challenges to management of bear population levels and human-bear conflicts in localized areas, particularly in western Oregon.\n      </p>", "Leafloor et al. (1996) accurately identified the assumptions that were described or implied in our study (Lindberg and Malecki 1994) of hunting vulnerability of Canada geese (Branta canadensis). We acknowledge that future studies based on more complete datasets may challenge or refute our assumptions. However, Leafloor et al's. (1996) approach left room for error and failed to convince us that our assumptions were unreasonable or that our results were not valid. We contend that their conclusions about vulnerability of Canada geese in northwestern Pennsylvania are poorly founded and potentially misleading.\n      </p>", "A stochastic version of the logistic model for population growth is considered, and the general form of an optimal policy is found for hunting the population so as to maximise the long-term average number of captures per unit time. This optimal policy is described by a critical population size x* such that it is optimal to hunt if and only if the population size is greater than or equal to x*. Methods of determining x* for given parameter values are provided, and some properties of the optimal policy as the population size tends to infinity are proved.\n      </p>", "Humans sometimes forage or distribute the products of foraging in ways that do not maximize individual energetic return rates. As an alternative to hypotheses that rely on reciprocal altruism to counter the costs of inefficiency, we suggest that the cost itself could be recouped through signal benefit. Costly signaling theory predicts that signals can provide fitness benefits when costs are honestly linked to signaler quality, and this information is broadcast to potential mates and competitors. Here, we test some predictions of costly signaling theory against empirical data on human food acquisition and sharing patterns. We show that at least two types of marine foraging, turtle hunting and spearfishing, as practiced among the Meriam (a Melanesian people of Torres Strait, Australia) meet key criteria for costly signaling: signal traits are (1) differentially costly or beneficial in ways that are (2) honestly linked to signaler quality, and (3) designed to effectively broadcast the signal. We conclude that relatively inefficient hunting or sharing choices may be maintained in a population if they serve as costly and reliable signals designed to reveal the signaler's qualities to observers.\n      </p>", "Recent interest in a summer hunting season for raccoon (Procyon lotor) in many southeastern states has prompted concern over effects of summer hunting on their populations. Because the effects of summer hunting on raccoon movement and home range are unknown, we radiomonitored 75 raccoons (57 male, 18 female) from 1 July to 23 August 1996-97 on 2 adjacent areas with or without a summer hunting season. We detected no differences in mean movement rate (P = 0.726) between males (764 \u00b1 52 m/hr; x\u0304 \u00b1 SE) and females (669 \u00b1 89 m/hr), or in mean movement rate (P = 0.741) between the hunted (757 \u00b1 62 m/hr) and control areas (724 \u00b1 66 m/hr). Similarly, we observed no differences (P = 0.307) in home range size between hunted (219 \u00b1 25 ha, n = 42) and control raccoons (198 \u00b1 14 ha, n = 51) during the summer hunting season. Our study indicated that summer hunting of raccoons on this area had little impact on movement patterns and home range characteristics.\n      </p>", "1. Large-scale conservation measures aimed at reducing the abundance of a wild population offer a unique opportunity to study the impacts of human exploitation on demographic parameters. We examined the effects of a spring conservation harvest and liberalized autumn/winter regulations introduced recently to control the rapid population growth of greater snow geese Anser caerulescens atlantica. 2. We predicted that these changes in regulations affected survival and recovery probabilities, as well as kill rates. This was evaluated by analysing data on geese shot by hunters before and after implementation of these measures. 3. Annual survival and recovery probabilities were estimated using likelihood-based ring recovery models, and we developed a new, flexible seasonal model to determine the specific effects of regulation changes made during different hunting seasons. We used harvest survey data to estimate ring-reporting rate, and thus to convert recovery rates into kill rates. 4. Adult recovery and kill rates increased considerably with the implementation of the new measures in 1998-99. The addition of the spring harvest in Qu\u00e9bec and the liberalized winter regulations in the USA had the largest impacts, whereas autumn regulation changes in Qu\u00e9bec apparently had little effect. Juvenile recovery and kill rates also showed a moderate increase, but were highly variable. 5. We observed a decline in mean annual adult survival rate, from 83\u00b70% to 72\u00b75%, although the implementation of conservation measures did not fully explain temporal variation in adult survival; juvenile survival showed no change. Adult survival was negatively related to harvest rate in adults but not in juveniles. 6. Synthesis and applications. We demonstrate that the spring conservation harvest led to a decrease in adult survival and an increase in hunting mortality, and probably contributed to the decline in abundance observed since its implementation. However, regulations during the traditional autumn and winter hunting seasons could also be manipulated for future population control once the spring conservation harvest is discontinued. Our approach for evaluating hunting mortality on a seasonal basis should be useful in the management of other migratory populations that move through several jurisdictions.\n      </p>", "The practices of head-hunting in Southeast Asia share certain formal features but the indigenous explanations of the phenomenon are very diverse. The article explores a set of ideas behind this apparent heterogeneity. The case of Siberut in the Mentawai Archipelago is described in some detail and compared with occurrences in related cultures. The sacrificial character of head-hunting and its relationship to autochthonous powers prove to be common key concepts.\n      </p>", "Lindberg and Malecki (1994) estimated the vulnerability of large local Canada geese (mainly Branta canadensis maxima) and smaller migrants (mainly B. c. interior) to fall hunting in northwestern Pennsylvania, 1988-89. They reported that local Canada geese were harvested proportionately more than their availability in the fall population, and migrants proportionately less than their availability, in 9 of 10 2-week periods. We evaluated several of the assumptions inherent in Lindberg and Malecki's (1994) calculations. We then reanalysed their data using modified assumptions and found that vulnerabilities were not consistently different among local geese and migrants. Vulnerability estimates were sensitive to relatively small changes in population sizes of local and migrant geese. We suggest that the apparently high vulnerability of local Canada geese was caused by understimation of their numbers in the fall population, and overestimation of their numbers in the harvest.\n      </p>", "Half of all artiodactyls (even-toed hoofed mammals) are threatened with extinction, around double the mammalian average. Here, using a complete species-level phylogeny, we construct a multivariate model to assess for the first time which intrinsic (biological) and extrinsic (anthropogenic and environmental) factors influence variation in extinction risk in artiodactyls. Globally artiodactyls at greatest risk live in economically less developed areas, have older weaning ages and smaller geographical ranges. Our findings suggest that identifying predictors of threat is complicated by interactions between both biological and anthropogenic factors, resulting in differential responses to threatening processes. Artiodactyl species that experience unregulated hunting live in significantly less economically developed areas than those that are not hunted; however, hunted species are more susceptible to extinction if they have slower reproductive rates (older weaning ages). In contrast, risk in non-hunted artiodactyls is unrelated to reproductive rate and more closely associated with the economic development of the region in which they live.\n      </p>", "When hunting for fish Noctilio leporinus uses several strategies. In high search flight it flies within 20-50 cm of the water surface and emits groups of two to four echolocation signals, always containing at least one pure constant frequency (CF) pulse and one mixed CF-FM pulse consisting of a CF component which is followed by a frequency-modulated (FM) component. The pure CF signals are the longest, with an average duration of 13.3 ms and a maximum of 17 ms. The CF component of the CF-FM signals averages 8.9 ms, the FM sweeps 3.9 ms. The CF components have frequencies of 52.8-56.2 kHz and the FM components have an average bandwidth of 25.9 kHz. A bat in high search flight reacts to jumping fish with \"pointed dips\" at the spot where a fish has broken the surface. As it descends to the water surface the bat shows the typical approach pattern of all bats with decreasing pulse duration and pulse interval. A jumping fish reveals itself by a typical pattern of temporary echo glints, reflected back to the bat from its body and from the water disturbance. In low search flight N. leporinus drops to a height of only 4-10 cm, with body parallel to the water, legs extended straight back and turned slightly downward, and feet cocked somewhat above the line of the legs and poised within 2-4 cm of the water surface. In this situation N. leporinus emits long series of short CF-FM pulses with an average duration of 5.6 ms (CF 3.1 and FM 2.6) and an average pulse interval of 20 ms, indicating that it is looking for targets within a short range. N. leporinus also makes pointed dips during low search flight by rapidly snapping the feet into the water at the spot where it has localized a jumping fish or disturbance. In the random rake mode, N. leporinus drops to the water surface, lowers its feet and drags its claws through the water in relatively straight lines for up to 10 m. The echolocation behavior is similar to that of high search flight. This indicates that in this hunting mode N. leporinus is not pursuing specific targets, and that raking is a random or statistical search for surface fishes. When raking, the bat uses two strategies. In directed random rake it rakes through patches of water where fish jumping activity is high. Our interpretation is that the bat detects this activity by echolocation but prefers not to concentrate on a single jumping fish. In the absence of jumping fish, after flying for several minutes without any dips, N. leporinus starts to make very long rakes in areas where it has hunted successfully before (memory-directed random rake). Hunting bats caught a fish approximately once in every 50-200 passes through the hunting area.\n      </p>", "I conducted a study of state wildlife agency administrators to document access, leasing, and management programs of state wildlife agencies that assist hunted and nonhunted wildlife and recreation management on private lands. The study serves as a comparison with surveys about access and management programs on private lands that were conducted about 15 years earlier by other authors. Administrators (96%) believed that access to private land was important for their organizations' objectives. Access opportunities for hunting had decreased (45%) and leasing of lands for hunting had increased (69.4%) over the past 15 years. Demands for access to view wildlife on private lands were minor (66%). Habitat management on private lands that were leased either increased (39%), remained the same (39%), or was unknown (22%). Habitat management on lands that were not leased was believed to have increased (42%), stayed the same (42%), or was unknown (16%). The 4 most important management practices suggested for landowners who are considering wildlife, habitat, and hunting on their lands were habitat practices (69%), access and hunter management (12%), planning and enterprise management (11%), and animal population management (8%). More cooperation, empowerment of landowners, technical support, educational assistance, and funding were identified goals for public wildlife agencies and private landowners to effect proper management of all wildlife, habitats, and users on private lands.\n      </p>", "Hunting in tropical forests is typically most intense near human settlements, and this creates gradients of decreasing animal densities toward those settlements. Within the context of this spatial pattern, we evaluated the status of game in the hunting grounds of an indigenous community in eastern Ecuador. We constructed a spatially explicit model of hunter-prey interactions that mimicked the hunting in the village and included realistic animal-dispersal rules. We compared predictions from the model with distributions of animal harvest rates and catch per unit effort of 12 game species. Six species were overharvested in part or all of the area, and two other species were probably being overharvested, although high dispersal rates complicated the interpretation. We then compared our method with methods that have been used previously. We argue that because our method provides information about the spatial extent of overharvesting, it could be particularly useful in informing decision makers about where to establish no-take areas and could therefore aid in improving the sustainability of hunting in tropical forests.\n      </p>", "Whenever introduced into Amazonia and its neighboring regions, the shotgun has quickly replaced the bow and arrow and other aboriginal weapons of the hunt. The quick and widespread adoption of the shotgun is plainly a matter of its superiority over most aboriginal weapons. This paper compares the hunting efficiencies of the shotgun and the bow by means of a controlled field experiment among the Ye'kwana and Ya\u0327nomam\u00f6 Indians of the Upper Orinoco River of southern Venezuela. It also examines the impact of the shotgun on local animal populations and the economic changes brought about by the need to cash-crop in order to purchase Western hunting technology.\n      </p>", "Regionwide declines of northern bobwhite (Colinus virginianus) populations in the Southeast have contributed to declining hunter participation. However, the economic impact of hunting northern bobwhites and subsequent economic loss to rural communities associated with hunter attrition has previously been unknown. We tabulated quail hunter numbers, demographic characteristics, and expenditures from United States Department of the Interior (USDI) 1991 National Survey of Fishing, Hunting and Wildlife Associated Recreation (USDI et al. 1993). We report demographic characteristics of northern bobwhite hunters and economic impact of northern bobwhite hunting during 1991 in the southeastern United States and relate declining hunter participation with potential economic loss to rural communities, small towns, and state and federal governments. During 1991, 524,157 northern bobwhite hunters in 11 southeastern states expended nearly $95 million during 2.6 million hunter-days, resulting in an economic impact of over $193 million. Quail hunting supported almost 3,000 jobs during 1991. Most quail hunters were Caucasian (96%) and male (96%). Their mean age was 38 years old, and 1991 mean annual income was $42,000. At the 1980 1995 mean rate of hunter decline in the Southeast (6.9%/year), $13,326,177 in economic impacts were lost or diverted between 1991 and 1992. Continued reductions in northern bobwhite populations and hunters will result in similar annual losses.\n      </p>", "Quail hunting consists of a complex set of behaviors that involve humans, pointing dogs, and wild birds. The recent development of models known as Hunter-Covey Interface (HCI) theory provides an opportunity to analyze how we perceive, understand, and manage quail hunting. There are 2 groups of HCI models: static and dynamic. The static HCI model predicts daily hunting mortality based on the velocity of the hunt and area covered during a hunt. The dynamic HCI models estimate the probability of flushing a covey given a set of circumstances that revolve around the potential rate of which quail learn to avoid hunters. We quantified the variables required to test whether the static and dynamic models of HCI theory provide meaningful results. We used spatial data on hunting velocity and area covered during &gt;100 quail hunts, along with estimates of quail population density, mortality, and movements from 2 areas in south Texas, to evaluate output from HCI models. The static model predicted average daily harvest rates that ranged from 5 to 50 birds. This average is within the range of average daily bag of south Texas quail hunters in groups of 2-4. Output from the dynamic models suggested that quail populations on our study areas were subjected to relatively low hunting intensities with a corresponding low avoidance behavior and learning rate, which is a scenario that matched 1 of 4 predictions by Guthery (2002). We found it difficult to meet basic assumptions of HCI theory. For example, hunting pressure was potentially redundant, coveys were not always randomly distributed in space, and the extent to which quail are naive at the beginning of a hunting season was unknown. However, both the static and dynamic HCI models appeared robust to violation of these assumptions. Application of HCI theory may provide meaningful results that can be used to manage quail hunting pressure, optimize harvest, and sustain populations.\n      </p>", "          \t\t\t        \t\tFor information about individual subscriptions for this title, please visit the \t\t        \t\n\t\t\t        \t\t<a href=\"http://about.jstor.org/individual-subscriptions\">Individual Access</a>\n\t\t\t        \t\t\t        \t\tpage.\t\t        \t\n\t\t\t        \t\n\t\t        \n\t       \n           </p>\n           <p>\n           \t\t          \t \tFor more information about institutional access to this title, please visit the \t          \t \n          \t \t<a href=\"http://about.jstor.org/participate-jstor/subscribe\">Institutional Subscriptions</a>\n           \t\t           \t\tpage.           \t\n           </p>\n\n  \n", "          \t\t\t        \t\tFor information about individual subscriptions for this title, please visit the \t\t        \t\n\t\t\t        \t\t<a href=\"http://about.jstor.org/individual-subscriptions\">Individual Access</a>\n\t\t\t        \t\t\t        \t\tpage.\t\t        \t\n\t\t\t        \t\n\t\t        \n\t       \n           </p>\n           <p>\n           \t\t          \t \tFor more information about institutional access to this title, please visit the \t          \t \n          \t \t<a href=\"http://about.jstor.org/participate-jstor/subscribe\">Institutional Subscriptions</a>\n           \t\t           \t\tpage.           \t\n           </p>\n\n  \n", "", "Resident Canada geese (Branta canadensis) nest or reside in the temperate latitudes of North America. In past years, translocation-the capture and subsequent release of geese at distant locations-has been used to establish resident goose populations and to reduce nuisance problems. However, with new special hunting seasons designed to target resident Canada geese, we can now evaluate translocation as a management tool when hunting is allowed at release sites. We selected 2 study sites, representative of urban and suburban locations with nuisance resident geese, in central and western New York, USA. In June 2003, we translocated 80 neck-banded adult geese, 14 radiomarked adult females, and 83 juveniles 150 km east and southwest from urband and suburban problem sites in western New York to state-owned Wildlife Management Areas. At these same capture sites, we used 151 neck-banded adult geese, 12 radiomarked females, and 100 juveniles as controls to compare dispersal movements and harvest vulnerability to translocated geese. All observations (n = 45) of translocated radiomarked geese were &lt;20 km from release sites, in areas where hunting was permitted. Only 25 of 538 observations (4.6%) of radiomarked geese at control sites were in areas open to hunting. The remainder of observations occurred at nonhunting locations within 10 km of control sites. More translocated adult geese (23.8%) were harvested than control geese (6.6%; &lt;tex-math&gt;$\\chi ^{2}=12.98$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P = 0.0009). More translocated juvenile geese were harvested (22.9%) than juvenile controls (5.0%; &lt;tex-math&gt;$\\chi ^{2}=12.30$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, P = 0.0005). Only 7 (8.8%) translocated adult geese returned to the original capture sites during Canada goose hunting seasons. Translocation of adult and juvenile geese in family groups may alleviate nuisance problems at conflict sites through increased harvest, reducing the number of birds returning in subsequent years.\n      </p>", "Information on the value of recreational activities can assist public agencies in managing fish and wildlife species. We used the contingent-valuation method to estimate the use value of changes in the quality of the elk (Cervus elaphus) hunting experience. The focus of the study was elk hunting on the Starkey Research Forest in eastern Oregon. We found: (1) a mean willingness to pay of $287/trip for a virtually certain opportunity to shoot at an elk, (2) a statistically significant effect of hunters income on acceptance of fees for improved hunts, and (3) a decrease in the respondents' willingness to pay as the planned number of days hunted increased. The implications include: (1) the existence of opportunities for generating revenue to support elk management, (2) a negative correlation between participation of hunters and fee levels, and (3) an estimated mean value of $1,063 for a harvested elk (median of $333).\n      </p>", "1. Shooting of game by shotgun inevitably leads to wounding of some individuals. Few attempts, however, have been made to quantify the numbers involved. Following demonstration that for certain species nearly one bird was wounded for every one killed, a national action plan to reduce wounding of game was implemented in Denmark in 1997. The plan called for substantial improvements in hunting practice to reduce the number of wounded birds, granting hunters an initial period to achieve this on a voluntary basis. 2. The Svalbard pink-footed goose is hunted exclusively in Norway and in Denmark, where two-thirds of the annual harvest is taken. Before 1997, 25% of the first-year and 36% of the older geese carried embedded shot, corresponding to at least 0.7 wounded geese per bagged one. We studied the effects of the action plan by X-raying annual catches of geese during 1998-2005. 3. Since 1998 there has been a significant decrease in the proportion of geese carrying shot for both first-years (7-11% in catches) and older geese (gradual decrease to c. 18% by 2005). A simple population dynamic model predicts these decreases to be consistent with a c. 60% reduction of numbers wounded for both age classes. 4. During 1996-2005 the Svalbard pink-footed goose population increased from 33 000 to 50 000 individuals. Information on harvest size is sparse, and the possibility that declining harvest rates could have affected the proportion of geese carrying shot cannot be disregarded. We show that the observed decreases cannot be explained solely by decreasing harvest rates, although calculated effects of the plan may have been somewhat inflated. Even in that case, however, reductions of at least 50% appear to have resulted from the plan. 5. Synthesis and applications. The basic remedial action to reduce wounding has been to encourage compliance with the 25 m maximum range recommended for shooting geese in Denmark. This reduction in range eliminates shots that have a low probability of killing and a relatively high risk of wounding. Since 1997, the total annual number of harvested geese in Denmark has increased from 15 000 to 30 000. Thus, reductions in numbers wounded do not appear to have had any negative impact on harvest size.\n      </p>", "We analyzed harvest data to describe hunting patterns and harvest demography of brown bears (Ursus arctos) killed in 3 geographic regions in Sweden during 1981-2004. In addition, we investigated the effects of a ban on baiting, instituted in 2001, and 2 major changes in the quota system: a switch to sex-specific quotas in 1992 and a return to total quotas in 1999. Brown bears (n = 887) were harvested specifically by bear hunters and incidentally by moose (Alces alces) hunters. Both hunter categories harvested bears 1) using dogs (37%), 2) by still hunting (30%), 3) with the use of bait (18%), and 4) by stalking (16%). The proportion of bears killed with different harvest methods varied among regions and between bear- and moose-oriented hunters. We found differences between male (52%) and female bears (48%) with respect to the variables that explained age. Moose-oriented hunters using still hunting harvested the youngest male bears. Bears harvested during the first management period (1981-1991) were older and had greater odds of being male than during the subsequent period. It appears that hunters harvesting bears in Sweden are less selective than their North American counterparts, possibly due to differences in the hunting system. When comparing the 4 years immediately prior to the ban on baiting with the 4 years following the ban, we found no differences in average age of harvested bears, sex ratio, or proportion of bears killed with stalking, still hunting, and hunting with dogs, suggesting that the ban on baiting in Sweden had no immediate effect on patterns of brown bear harvest demography and remaining hunting methods. As the demographic and evolutionary side effects of selective harvesting receive growing attention, wildlife managers should be aware that differences in harvest systems between jurisdictions may cause qualitative and quantitative differences in harvest biases.\n      </p>", "To increase access to private land for hunters and to improve relationships between hunters and ranchers, we need to know what hunter management strategies ranch managers use and what influences their choice of these strategies. We conducted a survey of private ranch owners to identify practices used in Montana to manage hunters. We sent a questionnaire to 989 ranchers from a population identified as typical working ranches larger than 404 ha. Respondents (42% return) indicated that 80% had no restrictions or required only simple permission to hunt on most of their land. Twelve percent of the respondents indicated their ranch was closed to hunting, and 12% had fee hunting operations or leased to outfitters. Past damage by hunters (42%) and conflicts with hunters (33%) were the reasons most often cited for closing ranches to hunting. Combinations of strategies were used, with vehicle restrictions, advance reservations, and check in-out being most common. Ranch size influenced management strategies, with 63% of ranches under 4,048 ha requiring only simple permission to hunt compared to 28% of ranches larger than 4,048 ha. Sixteen percent of the smaller ranches, compared to 5% of the larger ranches, closed 50% or more of their land. Our study demonstrates a need for programs that address landowner concerns and impresses upon hunters the importance of their behavior in affecting public access to private land.\n      </p>", "Knowledge of deer responses to hunting pressure may affect the duration, intensity, and framework of hunt programs designed to maximize population reductions. We investigated the effects of archery hunting on deer movement and activity patterns in an urban-residential landscape. We compared deer activity, home-range size, shifts in diel core-area use, and fidelity to home ranges between hunted and unhunted deer before and during a 9-week archery hunt. We monitored 28 radiocollared does for a 24-hour period each week from April 1995 to December 1996. During the hunt, 4 of 5 hunted deer and 4 of 4 unhunted deer remained within their annual home range. Home-range size for hunted and unhunted deer was similar between the prehunt and hunt periods. However, day home-range size expanded at least 3-fold for 2 of 5 hunted deer during the hunt compared to the prehunt period, presumably from increased human activity associated with hunting. We detected changes in deer movement patterns during the hunt within 2 weeks of the 9-week hunt. Significant shifts (&lt;10% overlap) in core-area use between the prehunt and hunt period occurred for 4 of 5 hunted deer during the day and 3 of 5 hunted deer during the night. There were no significant shifts in core-area use for unhunted deer between the prehunt and hunt periods. Three of 4 unhunted deer did not shift either their day or night core-area use between the prehunt and hunt periods. Collared deer killed during the hunt used the hunt zone more often during the prehunt period than collared deer surviving the hunt. Day use of the hunt zone by hunted deer was less during the hunt period than during the prehunt period. Night use of the hunt zone was similar between the prehunt and hunt periods. Archery hunting had no effect on home-range size. Although most deer exhibited a strong fidelity to annual home ranges throughout the 9-week hunt, deer shifted core-area use within home ranges. We suggest that a series of short, intense hunt periods, separated by periods of no hunting, may decrease deer responses to hunting pressure and increase vulnerability during the hunt.\n      </p>", "Although shorefast sea ice forms a platform that facilitates travel, camping, and hunting by I\u00f1upiat subsistence hunters and fishers in the western Arctic, the nearshore sea-ice zone remains an unforgiving and dynamic environment. Traditional hunters constantly hone site-specific experiences and skills with which to optimize the reward-to-risk ratio inherent in operating from this coastal ice. Nearshore ice conditions nevertheless can change suddenly, endangering even the most experienced subsistence hunters. This study examines two (of several) 20th-century events, 40 years apart, in which shorefast ice failed, threatening I\u00f1upiat whale hunters with loss of confidence, livelihood, and life. These events differed in character. In one event, the shorefast ice was \"crushed\" by moving ice floes. In the other, the shorefast ice broke free of land. Our examination focuses on the relationship of subsistence hunters to the ice, the environmental causes of ice failures, the evolving technology for predicting ice behavior, and the longer-term implications of global change for this system. The complexity of geophysical processes underlying coastal ice behavior makes ice failures unpredictable. Thus, hunters must assume and manage risk. The variable and uncertain environment to which whale hunters are accustomed has produced an inherent flexibility that has helped them adapt to new conditions and will continue to do so in the future. /// Bien que la banquise c\u00f4ti\u00e8re constitue une plate-forme qui permet aux I\u00f1upiat de l'Arctique de l'Ouest de se d\u00e9placer et de camper lorsqu'ils pratiquent la chasse et la p\u00eache de subsistance, la zone de banquise proche du littoral reste un milieu dynamique qui ne pardonne pas. Les chasseurs traditionnels am\u00e9liorent constamment les habilet\u00e9s et l'exp\u00e9rience reli\u00e9es \u00e0 des sites particuliers, qui leur permettent d'optimiser le rapport r\u00e9compense-risque inh\u00e9rent au fait de travailler depuis la glace c\u00f4ti\u00e8re. Les conditions de cette derni\u00e8re peuvent toutefois changer brusquement, mettant en danger m\u00eame les chasseurs de subsistance les plus chevronn\u00e9s. Cette \u00e9tude se penche sur deux (parmi plusieurs) \u00e9pisodes survenus au XXe si\u00e8cle, \u00e0 40 ans d'\u00e9cart, durant lesquels la banquise c\u00f4ti\u00e8re s'est rompue, \u00e9branlant la confiance des baleiniers I\u00f1upiat et mena\u00e7ant leur moyen de subsistance ainsi que leur vie. Ces \u00e9v\u00e9nements \u00e9taient de nature diff\u00e9rente. Dans l'un, la glace c\u00f4ti\u00e8re avait \u00e9t\u00e9 \"\u00e9cras\u00e9e\" par des floes en d\u00e9rive. Dans l'autre, la banquise c\u00f4ti\u00e8re s'\u00e9tait d\u00e9tach\u00e9e de la terre ferme. Notre \u00e9tude se concentre sur le rapport entre les chasseurs de subsistance et la glace, les causes environnementales de la fragilisation de la glace, la technologie mise au point actuellement qui permettrait de pr\u00e9dire le comportement de la glace, et les implications \u00e0 long terme du changement climatique pour ce syst\u00e8me. La complexit\u00e9 des processus g\u00e9ophysiques sous-jacents au comportement de la banquise c\u00f4ti\u00e8re fait que les ruptures de la banquise sont impr\u00e9visibles. Les chasseurs doivent donc assumer le risque et le g\u00e9rer. L'environnement variable et incertain auquel sont accoutum\u00e9s les chasseurs de baleine leur a donn\u00e9 une souplesse inh\u00e9rente qui les a aid\u00e9s \u00e0 s'adapter \u00e0 de nouvelles conditions et continuera de le faire dans l'avenir.\n      </p>", "We conducted a study of the effects of horn sizes and trophy hunting on mating behavior and survival of rams in hunted and unhunted populations of Dall sheep (Ovis dalli), Rocky Mountain bighorn (O. canadensis canadensis), and desert bighorn (O. c. nelsoni) sheep. Mating success was positively correlated with horn size in Dall sheep (P = 0.03) and Rocky Mountain bighorns (P = 0.05), but not in the desert bighorn (P &gt; 0.05) taxa. Group sizes, rams per rut group, and competition between rams were lowest in desert bighorn sheep. There were indications of greater harassment of ewes by young rams in trophyhunted populations. In hunted populations, compared with unhunted, ewes ran away more often from approaching rams, ewes moved farther away from courting young rams (P = 0.003), younger rams performed fewer courtship displays (P = 0.042) and more aggressive displays to ewes, and sheep interacted 27% more of the time. Ram-to-ewe interaction times per individual ewe did not differ for any of the taxa (P &gt; 0.05), and, apparently as a consequence of this, we found no discernable effects of trophy hunting on survivorship of ewes, ewe fecundity, or recruitment of young (P &gt; 0.05). There were greater energy expenditures by young rams in the heavily hunted Dall sheep population versus the paired Dall sheep unhunted population, but not in the lightly hunted Rocky Mountain and desert bighorn populations when compared with unhunted populations. This was consistent with evidence for depressed survivorship of rams too young or too small to be hunted (approximately ages 4-6) in the heavily hunted Dall sheep population (P = 0.0001), but not in the bighorn sheep populations (P &gt; 0.05).\n      </p>", "We studied hunting ranges and habitat requirements of 27 radio-tagged Merlins (Falco columbarius) breeding in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan from May to July, 1987-1990. Mean hunting range sizes of resident (hatched in the city) and immigrant (hatched outside the city) males were 6.3 \u00b1 1.3 km2 (2.2-13.7 km2) and 33.7 \u00b1 12.1 km2 (12.5-64.3 km2), respectively. Mean hunting range sizes of resident and immigrant females were 6.6 \u00b1 3.4 km2 (2.5-13.4 km2) and 8.6 \u00b1 1.6 km2 (0.6-17.5 km2), respectively. Spatial overlap in hunting ranges between neighboring Merlins ranged from 0 to 77.3%. Most immigrants frequently left the city to hunt and had less urban habitats in their ranges than did residents. Merlins that hunted exclusively within the city used habitats in relation to their availability. Resident and immigrant merlins that hunted both within and outside the city avoided hunting in agricultural habitats, which had relatively low prey abundance.\n      </p>", "It is well established that different species vary in their vulnerability to extinction risk and that species biology can underpin much of this variation. By contrast, very little is known about how the same species responds to different threat processes. The purpose of this paper is therefore twofold: to examine the extent to which a species' vulnerability to different types of threat might covary and to explore the biological traits that are associated with threat-specific responses. We use an objective and quantitative measure of local extinction risk to show that vulnerability to local population decline in primates varies substantially among species and between threat types. Our results show that a species' response to one threat type does not predict its response to others. Multivariate analyses also suggest that different mechanisms of decline are associated with each type of threat, since different biological traits are correlated with each threat-specific response. Primate species at risk from forestry tend to exhibit low ecological flexibility, while those species vulnerable to agriculture tend to live in the canopy and eat low-fruit diets; in further contrast, primates at risk from hunting tend to exhibit large body size. Our analyses therefore indicate that a species' vulnerability to local extinction can be highly variable and is likely to depend on both threat type and biology.\n      </p>", "People have hunted mammals in tropical Asian forests for at least 40,000 yr. This period has seen one confirmed global extinction (the giant pangolin, Manis palaeojavanica) and range restrictions for several large mammals, but there is no strong evidence for unsustainable hunting pressure until the last 2000-3000 yr, when elephants, rhinoceroses, and several other species were progressively eliminated from the large parts of their ranges. Regional declines in most species have occurred largely within the last 50 yr. Recent subsistence hunting has typically focused on pigs and deer (hunted with dogs and spears or with snares), monkeys and other arboreal mammals (often caught with blowpipes), and porcupines and other rodents (smoked or dug out of burrows). Over the last 50 yr, the importance of hunting for subsistence has been increasingly outweighed by hunting for the market. The hunted biomass is dominated by the same species as before, sold mostly for local consumption, but numerous additional species are targeted for the colossal regional trade in wild animals and their parts for food, medicines, raw materials, and pets. Many populations of mammalian dispersers of large seeds and understory browsers have been depleted or eliminated, while seed predators have had a more variable fate. Most of this hunting is now illegal, but the law enforcement is generally weak. However, examples of successful enforcement show that hunting impacts can be greatly reduced where there is sufficient political will. Ending the trade in wild animals and their parts should have the highest regional conservation priority.\n      </p>"], "words": {"represent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pointing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lowland": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "leads": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spiders": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "settlement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hunting": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stochastic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brown": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "risk": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "choice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mixing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "recreation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "adjust": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mammal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "asian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upper": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biomass": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "horn": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "version": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "net": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regions,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "commercial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hundreds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anthropology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appears": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "vulnerability": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "commonly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "controversy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploitation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "products": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raccoon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "africa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "private": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "extinction": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "would": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "illegal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "few": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prey": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "achieving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "females": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initiated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "successful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsistence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "wildlife": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "site": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mounted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "harvest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "abundance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "states": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "animals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "this": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mammalian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "strategies": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "history": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impacts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lobbying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "honey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minimum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "native": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "terrestrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requirements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coyotes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "located": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forest": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "animal": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "significance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lindberg": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dogs,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expenditures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sustainability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explored": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "types": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "man": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnoarchaeological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypotheses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "waterfowl": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "frequent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decreasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bobwhite": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "facilitates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "group": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taboos": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recreational": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "platform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "return": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greater": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "combination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hunter": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "indigenous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "faunal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "now": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outlines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "document": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "predators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coastal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "doing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fish": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reduce": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "spider": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "goose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "et": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canada": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "living": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fundamentally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "space": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intensity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inevitably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fiber": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aboriginal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "creates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "threat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "south": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thick": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caloric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sheep": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "bears": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "least": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "assumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "white": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "dogs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "season": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explanation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "population": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "target": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specimens": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "project": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acquisition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 42, "prob": 0.0003478131249767089}, "access,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "half": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "any": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "depending": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "isolated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tool": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "america": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consequences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "neighboring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sometimes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capita": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "typically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reserve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occupation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "access": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foraging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "northern": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pleistocene": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "black": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "humans,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "places,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bear": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nearly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "competing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "societies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "densities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bird": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "logistic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kill": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "set": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reference": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "declines": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "humans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zones": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intensity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "sea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sacred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sport": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farmers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pattern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sites": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "birds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weapons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "affecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "encounters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "recently": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "responses": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "complement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "restricting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agencies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "efficiency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypothesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "article": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overabundant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "against": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "became": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maximize": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "associated": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "throughout": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "west": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hunters": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "vertebrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "quickly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tropical": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "genetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "define": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rhythms,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prehistoric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participatory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "near": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "replaced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "wild": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "predation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pack": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amazonia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resident": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "is": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "use,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "quail": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "productivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peoples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "used": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "assist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recent": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "off": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "i": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "shotgun": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "quantitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 53, "prob": 0.0004389070386610851}, "indonesia,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "summer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taxa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "money": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviewed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hunted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vibration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shrines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "harvesting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disappearance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "game": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "know": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fossils": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sizes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "signal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hunt": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paleolithic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yields": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "either": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amazonia,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "old": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habitat": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "people": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pacific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traits": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "trends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questionnaire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ungulate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "per": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expansion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "host": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behaviors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intense": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 81, "prob": 0.0006707824553122244}, "ranges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impacting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "islands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "settlements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managers": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "material": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mississippi": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reindeer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conservation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "breeding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "valley": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "head": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "form": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mammals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "administrators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "absent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tactics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lynx": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "malecki": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geese": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "conditions,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "certain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "al": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "as": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "at": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "gradients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indirect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "forests": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "other": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neotropics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "prey,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "energetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "yellowstone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "holocene": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "land": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "daily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requires": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "once": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}