{"total_words": 1271, "documents": ["The performance of area yield insurance and farm-level multiple peril crop insurance is analyzed for cotton and soybean production in Georgia and South Carolina. The analysis improves on many previous studies by utilizing actual farm-level yield data and by comparing the two types of insurance products not only for actuarially fair premium rates but also for actual unsubsidized and subsidized premium rates. Results suggest that, even in heterogeneous production regions, area yield insurance may be a viable alternative to farm-level insurance when premium rates for farm-level insurance contain large positive wedges.\n      </p>", "Farmers' decisions to purchase crop insurance and their choices among alternative products are analyzed using a two-stage estimation procedure. The influences of risk perceptions, competing risk management options, as well structural and demographic differences are evaluated. The likelihood for crop insurance usage is found to be higher for larger, older, less tenured, more highly leveraged farms, and by those with higher perceived yield risks. The marginal effects of size, age, perceived yield risk, perceived importance of risk management activities, and other structural and demographic variables are identified in terms of their influences on choices among alternative crop insurance products.\n      </p>", "This article documents the design and rate-making procedures used in the development of the Group Risk Plan (GRP)--the new federal crop insurance product that insures based on area yield. The authors of this article worked closely with personnel in the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation and others in developing methodological and practical constraints needed in implementing a workable area yield contract. GRP indemnity payments are made based on percentage shortfalls in actual county yields relative to a forecasted yield. Historical county yield data are used to develop forecasted yields and premium rates.\n      </p>", "An important source of value is missing from the conventional welfare analysis of moral hazard, namely, the effect of income transfers (from those who purchase insurance and remain healthy to those who become ill) on purchases of medical care. Income transfers are contained within the price reduction that is associated with standard health insurance. However, in contrast to the income effects contained within an exogenous price decrease, these income transfers act to shift out the demand for medical care. As a result, the consumer's willingness to pay for medical care increases and the resulting additional consumption is welfare increasing.\n      </p>", "Conventional economic explanations for uninsurance should apply to all geographic regions in the United States. However, the border states of California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas have the highest rates of uninsurance in the US, accounting for over 30% of the total US uninsured population. We use survey data from the fourth wave of the Border Epidemiologic Study on Aging (BESA), a survey from a predominantly Mexican American region of South Texas from 2005 to 2006, to analyze how health insurance coverage in the US is related to the use of health care services in Mexico. BESA includes data on the use of health care services in the US and Mexico. We estimate probit models to investigate the association between having insurance coverage in the US and having a regular doctor in Mexico, the independent variable of interest. Separate models are estimated with having private insurance, Medicare Part B insurance, and any type of public insurance as dependent variables. We deal with the endogeneity, due to reverse causality, of having a regular doctor in Mexico by using instrumental variables in a bivariate probit model. The instruments are dental care utilization in Mexico and a variable measuring frequently visiting Mexico. The results show that competition from Mexico lowers the demand for health insurance coverage in the US side of the border.\n      </p>", "Knowledge of factors affecting farmer purchases of crop insurance is essential for evaluating the soundness and profitability of crop insurance programs. Despite this importance, the demand for crop insurance has received limited empirical attention. The present paper reports on an empirical assessment of the demand for crop insurance by Iowa corn producers. Adverse selection in the insured pool suggests that producers with differing levels of loss-risk have different demand elasticities. Loss-risk is included in the empirical analysis and is found to influence the elasticity of demand. Results show average demand elasticities of about -0.32 for relative insured acres and -0.73 for liability per planted acre. Implications for the actuarial soundness of the industry are provided.\n      </p>", "Insurance claim fraud costs insurance companies, policymakers, and taxpayers billions of dollars every year and has been described as the second largest white collar crime. The most common insurance fraud activity and one that contributes a significant portion of dollar losses is the practice of padding claim amounts in the event of a loss. One of the largest issues insurance companies face is that policyholders often do not perceive insurance claim padding as an unethical behavior. However, very little research has examined the factors that contribute to such perceptions. Considering how consumers often attempt to justify fraudulent behavior from a fairness perspective, the present work examines how the amount of the deductible in an insurance claim situation can influence feelings of fairness and ethicality. The results of an experimental study show that higher deductible amounts result in stronger perceptions that insurance claim padding is fair to the insurance company, weaker perceptions that the behavior is unethical, and higher proposed claim award amounts. The study also shows, however, that the deductible amount effects are attenuated for consumers who display higher ethical standards as reflected by their scores on the consumer ethics scale. Implications are discussed with respect to the insurance industry, deviant consumer behavior, and general business ethics theory.\n      </p>", "Objectives. This study examined the decisions of small group employees to enroll in prepaid plans offered through Healthcare Group of Arizona (HCGA), a state-sponsored and state-administered voluntary insurance program. Methods. The study population included 653 potential employee enrollees who were offered the option of two health plans between January 1993 and June 1993, with 447 enrolling in one of the two plans. Data sources included two telephone surveys, HCGA administrative files, and enrollment application forms. Results. The estimates of adjusted price elasticity were in the range of -0.12 to -0.24 for employees with prior insurance and were in the range of -0.42 to -0.51 for employees without prior insurance. The likelihood of enrolling in HCGA increased with log(income) and decreased with log(income) squared. The average income elasticity across income groups was 0.12. Conclusions. The results indicate that small group employees without prior insurance were more sensitive to the price of health insurance than those with prior insurance. Healthcare Group of Arizona health plans may have been viewed as inferior goods by high income employees possible because of their association with the Medicaid program.\n      </p>", "Advances in genetic testing and data mining technologies have increased the availability of genetic information to insurance companies and insureds (applicants and policy holders) in the individual health insurance market (IHIM). Regulators, concerned that insurance companies will use this information to discriminate against applicants who have a genetic risk factor but who are still healthy, have implemented genetic privacy legislation in at least 18 states. However, in previous work we have demonstrated that such legislation will have unintended consequences\u2014it will reduce consumer participation in the market without making those remaining better off. This paper identifies a mechanism, apure bundling strategy, that insurance companies may implement in this regulatory environment to restore (or maximize) consumer participation in the market and to discourage such discrimination among insureds. This problem is examined through System Dynamics, a simulation-based modeling technique. The results will have significant implications for policy designs implemented by insurance companies, and for legislation implemented by industry regulators, and therefore, for the insurability of the individuals that rely on this market for health insurance coverage.\n      </p>", "Considerable disagreement exists about the most appropriate characterization of farm-level yield distributions. Yet, the economic importance of alternative yield distribution specifications on crop insurance valuation has not been well documented. The results of this study demonstrate that large differences in expected payouts from popular crop insurance products can arise solely from the parameterization chosen to represent yield distributions. The results suggest that the frequently unexamined yield distribution specification may lead to economically significant errors in crop insurance policy rating and assessment of expected payouts from policies.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a new approach to organizing universal health insurance. First the government divides the entire population into many large groups. Then, the government creates a Federal Health Insurance System (HealthFed), modeled on the Federal Reserve System, to fill the role now played by the benefits office of a large firm. The HealthFed would create a short menu of alternatives, solicit bids for insuring the entire group, and price alternatives. There would be redistribution between groups and pricing of alternatives to reflect optimal social insurance principles. There would be no connection between health insurance and employment.\n      </p>", "Despite continuing debate over a prescription drug benefit for the Medicare program, there has been relatively little research estimating the potential cost of providing such a benefit. Objective: The objective of this study was to estimate the effect of prescription drug insurance on outpatient prescription drug expenditures among the elderly. We studied respondents aged \u226465 years to the 1997 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey, a representative survey of the U.S. noninstitutionalized population. Survey-weighted linear regression models were used to estimate the probability of any expenditures and total expenditures while controlling for sociodemographic characteristics, chronic conditions, and health status. We used prescription drug insurance status and outpatient prescription drug expenditures. An estimated 34 million elderly people filled 630 million prescriptions in 1997. Thirty-seven percent did not have prescription drug insurance. Total prescription drug expenditures exceeded $23 billion. Persons without prescription drug insurance spent slightly less than $7 billion; those with insurance spent more than $16 billion. After controlling for health status, comorbidity, and demographic characteristics, prescription drug insurance increased expenditures by $183 per person. The marginal increase in total expenditures of extending the average observed benefit to those currently uninsured is $2.3 billion (95% confidence interval, $1.2-3.5 billion). Proposals for a Medicare drug benefit provide high copayments to protect against insurance effects and to address uncertainty in cost estimates of the proposed benefit. By quantifying the insurance effect on expenditures among the elderly, the data reported here could reduce uncertainty in the budget estimation process.\n      </p>", "This article combines institutionalisms to explain fundamental change in American property insurance. During the 1950s, the industry shifted from associations to price-competitive markets and vertically integrated firms. I advance two new arguments to explain this shift: First, institutions endogenously generate conditions for change. Second, fundamental change or institutional replacement depends on a dynamic convergence of conditions-market failures, legitimacy crises, new models of order-and the culmination of this dynamic in politics and policies that admit alternatives into fields. Together, these arguments reduce indeterminacies in existing theories of change and shed new light on punctuated equilibria and the politics of transformation.\n      </p>", "Of 1,332 unemployed individuals in the Detroit area interviewed in late 1983, 51% did not have health insurance. Lack of insurance was directly related to length of unemployment. Of those unemployed 3 months or less, 31% had no insurance, as compared with 56% of those unemployed more than 3 years. For the most part, these were not the chronically uninsured: 78% of them were insured when they were employed. Three fourths of those without insurance were not covered by Medicaid either. These findings suggest that during the latest economic recession, the problem of health insurance loss due to losing one's job was more severe than had been assumed by most policymakers.\n      </p>", "The Australian government implemented a series of private health insurance (PHI) policy reforms between 1997 and 2000. As a result, the proportion of the population with PHI coverage increased by more than 35%. However, this study found significant evidence that the policy reform disproportionately favours high-income earners. In particular, the 30% premium subsidy represents a windfall gain for households which would have purchased PHI even without the rebate. The amount of such gain is estimated to be around $ 900 million per year, a large proportion of which went to higher income households.\n      </p>", "This cross-disciplinary study examines the way national culture affects consumption patterns of life insurance across countries. Life insurance is a service that is abstract, complex, and focused on unsure future benefits. Because of the uncertainty and ambiguity inherent in the life insurance product, consumers are more likely to respond according to their cultural prescriptions. Our research hypotheses are tested empirically using Hofstede's cultural dimensions, and data from 1976-2001 across 41 countries. The findings show that individualism indeed has a significant, positive effect on life insurance consumption, whereas power distance and masculinity/femininity have significant, negative effects. The results are robust, even after controlling for economic, institutional and demographic determinants.\n      </p>", "Dramatic expansions in public health insurance eligibility for U.S. children have only modestly reduced the aggregate number of uninsured at the national level. This paper shows that Medicaid and SCHIP expansions had different impacts on child health insurance coverage patterns based upon local labor market characteristics. Metropolitan areas with high levels of unemployment were most likely to have seen improvements in overall insurance coverage for children between 1990 and 2001. Areas with greater fractions of employment in services, retail or wholesale trade were more likely to have experienced increases in public coverage but not overall coverage rates.\n      </p>", "Drug provision within the German statutory health insurance system has undergone several reforms, including the introduction of drug macrobudgets in 1993. The objective of this study was to investigate the extent to which statutorily (SHI) and fully privately (PHI) health-insured patients were provided with new medication recommended by professional bodies in an equitable fashion using the example of migraine patients. We conducted a retrospective cohort study. Setting: A total of 367 primary-care practices (MediPlus, IMS Health) in Germany in the second year of the HealthCare Structural Reform Act were studied. Subjected consisted of 7703 SHI and 470 PHI migraineurs (International Classification of Diseases, 10th edition G43) aged 18 to 65 years at their first migraine prescription visit in 1994. We compared prescription of oral or subcutaneous serotonin 5HTIB/lD receptor agonist sumatriptan with nonserotoninergic migraine therapy. In multiplicative risk regression with variance estimation accounting for clustering of patients within practices, PHI patients were 2.3 times (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.6-3.3) more likely to receive sumatriptan than their SHI counterparts at the mean age of the cohorts (43 years) adjusted for incident versus prevalent migraine treatment, the gender of the patient, the age, gender, and primary care specialist group of the physician, and the type and the community size class of the practice. This disparity widened by 38% (95% CI, 1-88%) every 10 years of patient age. Even though virtually everyone in Germany has health insurance and drug coverage, use of new and recommended migraine medicines was less common among those with SHI compared with their privately insured counterparts. Systematic studies of access to health care recommended by professional bodies will be critically important to ensure delivery of high-quality health care for all patients.\n      </p>", "This study explores the demand for private health care and supplemental health insurance in Israel, where universal national health insurance provides all inhabitants with a standard package of medical care. Our theoretical model and empirical study follow research previously conducted in four other countries. It was found that the self-employed in Israel demand more private health services and supplemental health insurance than wage-earners. Income, age, education, health status, marital status, origin, and profession were found to play a part in explaining these demands.\n      </p>", "Sex allocation patterns and colony productivity are examined in Exoneura nigrescens, a social allodapine bee. As for previous studies on Australian allodapine bees, numerical sex ratios were strongly female biased in the smallest broods, but neared equality in larger broods. Local fitness enhancement has been suggested previously to explain female-biased allocation in allodapine bees. Here, we propose an alternative model, the 'insurance model', which predicts protogyny and, as a consequence, female-biased sex allocation in small broods with decreasing bias in larger broods. Because allodapine broods are reared progressively in an open burrow, broods require that adult females be present throughout their development in order to survive to maturity. If mothers invest in daughters (alloparents) first, these daughters can rear younger, dependent brood in cases in which orphaning occurs. If such daughters behave as surrogate mothers, then investment in them by mothers should not be regarded as investment in female sex allocation per se, giving rise to apparently female-biased broods. The model predicts a pattern of sex ratios as a function of total brood size that very closely match empirical data from E. nigrescens.\n      </p>", "The Canadian unemployment insurance program is designed to reflect the varying risk of joblessness across regions. Regions that are considered low-risk areas subsidize higher-risk ones. A region's risk is typically proxied by its relative unemployment rate. We use a dynamic, heterogeneous-agent model calibrated to Canada to analyze voters' preferences between a uniformly generous unemployment insurance and the current system with asymmetric generosity. We find that Canada's unusual unemployment insurance system is surprisingly close to what voters would choose in spite of the possibilities of shirking and self-insurance through asset buildup.\n      </p>", "This paper confirms that adopting explicit deposit insurance expanded risk-shifting incentives for Canadian Banks and Trust Companies. By transferring responsibility for monitoring non-systematic risk to the Canadian Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC), deposit insurance eliminated the compensation previously paid to large-block stockholder monitors. This transfer fueled a redistribution of insured-institution stock from poorly diversified large-block shareholders to diversified investors. Also, subsequent changes in market volatility support the hypothesis that CDIC insurance and the absorption of catastrophic risk it provided reduced systematic risk in the stock market as a whole even as it increased non-systematic risk in the banking and trust-company sector.\n      </p>", "We investigate the effect of employer-provided health insurance on job mobility rates and economic welfare using a search, matching, and bargaining framework. In our model, health insurance coverage decisions are made in a cooperative manner that recognizes the productivity effects of health insurance as well as its nonpecuniary value to the employee. The resulting equilibrium is one in which not all employment matches are covered by health insurance, wages at jobs providing health insurance are larger (in a stochastic sense) than those at jobs without health insurance, and workers at jobs with health insurance are less likely to leave those jobs, even after conditioning on the wage rate. We estimate the model using the 1996 panel of the Survey of Income and Program Participation, and find that the employer-provided health insurance system does not lead to any serious inefficiencies in mobility decisions.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we construct a theoretical model of unemployment insurance. Using techniques and concepts of game theory, we investigate, on one hand, the objectives and strategies of government, and on the other, those of an unemployed job seeker. Most of our results describing the job seeker's optimal strategies agree with the results found in the empirical literature in the area of unemployment insurance.\n      </p>", "Increased availability and demand for low-deductible crop insurance policies have increased focus on crop insurance rating methods. Actuarial fairness cannot be achieved if constant multiplicative factors are used to determine how premiums change as coverage levels increase. A comparison of premium rates generated by the factors used by the two most popular crop insurance products with those generated by a standard yield distribution shows that the popular insurance products overcharge for low-deductible policies in most counties. This overpricing may explain why large premium subsidies were required to induce farmers to move from low-deductible to high-deductible policies beginning in 2001.\n      </p>", "We characterize employer-sponsored health insurance offering strategies in light of benefit non-discrimination and minimum wage regulation when workers have heterogeneous earnings and partially unobservable demand for (and cost of) insurance. We then empirically examine how earnings and expected medical expenses are associated with low wage workers' ability to obtain insurance before and after enactment of federal benefit non-discrimination rules. We find no evidence that the non-discrimination rules helped low wage workers (especially those with high own or children's expected medical expenses) to obtain insurance.\n      </p>", "This paper provides new information on the effects of deregulation and consolidation in financial services markets by analyzing the Spanish insurance industry. The sample period 1989-98 spans the introduction of the European Union's (EU) Third Generation Insurance Directives, which deregulated the EU insurance market. Deregulation has led to dramatic changes in the Spanish insurance market; the number of firms declined by 35%, average firm size increased by 275%, and unit prices declined significantly in both life and non-life insurance. We analyze the causes and effects of consolidation using modern frontier efficiency analysis to estimate cost, technical, and allocative efficiency, as well as using Malmquist analysis to measure total factor productivity (TFP) change. The results show that many small, inefficient, and financially underperforming firms were eliminated from the market due to insolvency or liquidation. As a result, the market experienced significant growth in TFP over the sample period. Consolidation not only reduced the number of firms operating with increasing returns to scale but also increased the number operating with decreasing returns to scale. Hence, many large firms should focus on improving efficiency by adopting best practices rather than on further growth.\n      </p>", "Three types of crop insurance based on different actuarial concepts are presented and analyzed: all-risk crop insurance, the contract usually offered by the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation; a new form of area-yield crop insurance, in which both premiums and indemnities are established on an area basis; and weather crop insurance, in which premiums and indemnities are based on specified meteorological phenomena. In the illustration given, area-yield and weather crop insurance are shown to be actuarially preferable and more reliable than all-risk insurance in providing income protection for the individual farmer against the risks of low crop yields.\n      </p>", "This paper provides empirical evidence on the impact of deposit insurance on financial development and stability, broadly defined to include the level of banking activity and the stability of the banking sector. We use a unique dataset capturing a variety of deposit insurance features across countries, such as coverage, premium structure, etc., and synthesize available information by means of principal component indices. This paper specifically addresses sample selection concerns by estimating a generalized Tobit model both via maximum likelihood and the Heckman two-step method. The empirical construct is guided by recent theories of banking regulation that employ an agency framework. The basic moral hazard problem is the incentive for depository institutions to engage in excessively high-risk activities, relative to socially optimal outcomes, in order to increase the option value of their deposit insurance guarantee. The overall empirical evidence is consistent with the likelihood that generous government-funded deposit insurance might have a negative impact on financial development and growth in the long run, except in countries where the rule of law is well established and bank supervisors are granted sufficient discretion and independence from legal reprisals. Insurance premium requirements on member banks, even when risk-adjusted, are instead found to have little effect in restraining banks' risk-taking behavior.\n      </p>", "The dynamic processes of geology, geomorphology and meteorology are the 'natural perils' of the insurer. Such perils continue to do damage and generate high insurance costs. As a result insurers are taking steps to limit their future losses. Three strands of geographical research are relevant here: (i) research into the dynamic events; (ii) analysis of the business management systems used by insurers to cope with natural peril events; and (iii) the perceptions held by insurers of these perils. A better understanding of the dynamic processes can reduce the insurance problems that arise out of responding to perceptions rather than to reality. The physical geographer has a distinct (consultancy or educational) role in providing such an understanding.\n      </p>", "This paper presents the findings of two surveys conducted in April 2003 of Chartered Life Underwriters (CLUs) and Chartered Financial Consultants (ChFCs) who are members of the Society of Financial Service Professionals. The first survey of 3000 CLUs and ChFCs - the life insurance industry's most highly regarded professionals - was aimed at identifying the key ethical issues faced by professionals working in the life insurance industry today. A comparison of these findings with those of earlier studies conducted in 1990 and 1995 suggests that while the key ethical issues facing those working in the life insurance business today are essentially the same as those encountered during industry's highly troubled ethical environment of the early 1990s, these issues are perceived as presenting somewhat less serious problems than in the past. The second survey of 3000 CLUs and ChFCs was aimed at determining the extent to which these professionals perceive the industry created Insurance Marketplace Standards Association (IMSA) as having contributed to any change in the ethical environment that has taken place. The findings suggest that IMSA has played an important role in influencing senior managers to more strongly encourage and support ethical market conduct, a critical step in improving the industry's ethical environment.\n      </p>", "In this paper we develop a theory of crop insurance. We start by reaffirming the risk-spreading role of competitive crop insurance markets. It is argued, however, that once the problems of imperfect information are recognized, a competitive crop insurance market may not exist at all. Two candidates present themselves. First is market insurance with the public sector as a source of (costly) information gathering and dissemination, and second, is the direct provision of crop insurance by the public sector. We focus on the latter and develop a model of public insurance as a decentralized plan where the farmer determines factor utilization taking the insurance contract as given. In turn, the insurance agency, taking factor utilization as determined by the farmer, chooses the optimal contract so as to maximize the value of aggregate output in the economy.\n      </p>", "A central question in health economics is the extent to which this tax subsidization matters for the health insurance coverage of the U.S. population. I assess the impact of taxes on health insurance by using the considerable existing variation in tax subsidies, both at a point in time and across time. I do so by putting together data from more than a decade of Current Population Survey (CPS) data sets, and matching to workers in those data sets their tax subsidies to health insurance coverage. I find that the elasticity of insurance eligibility of workers is at least -0.6, and that the elasticity of own insurance coverage is roughly similar; the results imply that most of the impact of taxes on insurance coverage arise through firm offering and eligibility decisions. I also find that higher tax rates induce more private coverage through other sources, but less public coverage, so that overall there is a reduction in the rate of uninsurance that is comparable to the change in own employer-provided insurance coverage.\n      </p>", "Previous studies disagree on the effects of insurance on fertilizer application rates. The effect of increased fertilizer on the probability of low yields primarily determines whether fertilizer and insurance are substitutes or complements. We estimate conditional distributions of corn yields to determine if the technical relationship between yields and fertilizer supports the hypothesis that insurance increases optimal application rates. Our results indicate no support for this hypothesis. At all nitrogen fertilizer rates and reasonable levels of risk aversion, nitrogen fertilizer and insurance are substitutes, suggesting that those who purchase insurance are likely to decrease nitrogen fertilizer applications.\n      </p>", "Background. Many Medicaid-eligible children are not enrolled in Medicaid and are not covered by private insurance. Reducing persistent lack of insurance for children requires a better understanding of why Medicaid-eligible children do not participate. Research Questions. Does the availability of free or low-cost medical services substitute for Medicaid or private insurance enrollment among Medicaid-eligible children? Does the availability and affordability of insurance coverage, particularly the offer of employer-sponsored insurance (ESI) and the presence of managed care, affect child insurance coverage? Research Design. We use data from the National Health Interview Survey for 1994 and 1995, supplemented with county level measures of insurance and provider supply, to estimate a multinomial choice model of insurance coverage among children identified as Medicaid-eligible. We focus on county supply of public hospitals and community/migrant health centers (C/MHC); and the availability and cost of ESI. We control for child and parent characteristics. Results. A positive effect of C/MHC supply is found on Medicaid enrollment, but no evidence is found of substitution between low-cost providers and Medicaid or private coverage. Local availability of ESI and private HMO penetration increased private insurance enrollment. Conclusions. Local community providers can play an important role in outreach and enrollment for Medicaid. Availability and cost of ESI constrain private coverage for Medicaid-eligible children. Policies that encourage offers of insurance coverage by employers, decrease premiums, and encourage adoption of managed care could have important positive effects on coverage for this population.\n      </p>", "Linear programming is applied to measurement of whole life insurance to obtain a functional relationship between interest adjusted cost of insurance protection and rate of return on policy equity. For comparative purposes, policy differences related to premium rates, dividends and cash-values are controlled by maintaining identical insurance requirements and constant levels of wealth for the insured. Marginal discount factors, obtained from the dual variables for the wealth constraints, demonstrate the importance of policy holder wealth. The interest adjusted cost measure currently used by the insurance industry is shown to be a special case when the linear programming approach is used. The method used in this paper is sufficiently flexible to incorporate different patterns of time preference for insurance. Finally, it is demonstrated that the trade-off between interest adjusted cost of insurance and rate of return on policy equity is sensitive to the external rate of return.\n      </p>", "A definition of moral hazard in multiple peril crop insurance is proposed that focuses on expected indemnities rather than input use. Five years of production and insurance data for a panel of Kansas wheat farms is used to empirically test for this type of moral hazard. Results suggest that moral hazard affects multiple peril crop insurance indemnities in poor production years but that no significant moral hazard occurs in years when growing conditions are favorable.\n      </p>", "Theory suggests that an employer's decisions about the amount of health insurance included in the compensation package may be influenced by the practices of other employers in the market. We test the role of local market conditions on decisions of small employers to offer insurance and their dollar contribution to premiums using data from two large national surveys of employers. These employers are more likely to offer insurance and to make greater contributions in communities with tighter labor markets, less concentrated labor purchasers, greater union penetration, and a greater share of workers in big business and a small share in regulated industries. However, our data do not support the notion that marginal tax rates affect employers' offer decision or contributions.\n      </p>", "This paper examines insurance pricing and its regulation in the context of efficient capital markets. Starting with an aggregated model and generalizing results reported recently in the literature about \"proper\" underwriting profit, the paper turns to disaggregation of the model with m insurance lines. The main result is that no unique set of rates exists that regulators may impose to avoid disturbing market equilibrium. Preliminary empirical evidence presented shows that the \"systematic risk\" of underwriting profits approaches zero in most lines. Thus an intuitive solution for underwriting profit rates in these lines equal to minus the riskless interest rate, is reasonable.\n      </p>", "Background. Prior research found that Medicare beneficiaries' knowledge of the Medicare program varied by the type of supplemental insurance they had. However, none of these studies used both multivariate methods and nationally representative data to examine the issue. Objectives. To measure beneficiary knowledge of the Medicare program and to evaluate how knowledge varies by type of supplemental insurance. Research Design. A mail survey with telephone follow-up to a nationally representative random sample of Medicare beneficiaries, which had a 76% response rate. The purpose of the study was to evaluate the effects of providing the Medicare &amp; You handbook on beneficiary knowledge, information needs, and health plan decision making. Subjects. A total of 3738 Medicare beneficiaries who completed the survey. Measures. A psychometrically validated 22-item index that reflects Medicare-related knowledge in seven different content areas. Results. Overall, beneficiaries with a Medicare HMO or non-employer-sponsored supplemental insurance were more knowledgeable about Medicare than those who had Medicare only. In general, beneficiaries tended to be more knowledgeable about issues related to the type of insurance they had (fee-for-service or managed care) than other types of insurance. Conclusions. Higher levels of knowledge about one's own type of insurance may suggest that beneficiaries learn by experience or they learn more about that type of insurance before enrollment. Further research is needed to better understand how and when beneficiaries learn about insurance and what educational strategies are more effective at increasing knowledge.\n      </p>", "A detailed theoretical model characterizing the individual's decision to purchase flood insurance is specified and the magnitude of the risk parameter is estimated using data based on transactions of flood insurance purchases. Empirical results for several samples of this subset of the general population indicated that consumers exhibited a relatively uniform degree of risk aversion across various localities where different hydrologic and economic conditions prevailed. While the estimates presented should not be directly extrapolated to the entire population located in a flood prone area, they provide evidence that parameters determining an individual's and/or community's willingness to pay for flood protection can be measured.\n      </p>", "To avoid risk selection, the market for complementary health insurance is usually completely separate from the market for basic health insurance. In Switzerland, however, the basic benefit package and complementary insurance are offered by the same insurer. Risk-based premiums are allowed with respect to complementary insurance. This paper compares the Swiss integration approach to the separation approach. It is shown that under the integration approach insurers cream-skim by selling complementary insurance to low risks at a discount. Nevertheless, the integration approach can be Pareto-superior if the cost savings due to the integration of basic and complementary insurance are sufficiently large.\n      </p>", "This paper develops a simple model of pricing and choice of capacity in a market where risk-averse customers are ex-ante uncertain about their valuation for use of the capacity. As unused capacity has no salvage value, the seller maximizes profit by economizing on capacity through over-booking. Thus each customer faces both uncertainty in his own valuation as well as uncertainty about availability of capacity. Because he is risk-averse, the customer seeks insurance. Provision of insurance is complicated because each customer's realized valuation is private information. Since the seller does not know each customer's type, she must elicit the information. The most profitable pricing strategy takes the form of a reservation that induces each customer to act according to his private information: those with high valuation for use of the capacity exercise while those with lower valuation do not exercise. In this way, the reservation provides partial insurance against the customer's uncertainty in valuation (privately observed contingency) and full insurance against unavailability of capacity (observable by both seller and customer).\n      </p>", "For an individual insurance firm offering supplementary private health insurance, a model is developed to decompose market performance in terms of insurer profits. For the individual contract, the model specifies the conditions under which adverse selection, cream skimming, and moral hazard occur, shows the impact of information on contracting, and the profit contribution. Contracts are determined by comparing willingness to pay for insurance with the individual's risk position, and information on both sides of the market. Finally, performance is aggregated up to the total market. The model provides a framework to explain the attractiveness of supplementary markets to insurers.\n      </p>", "Many states enacted tort liability-reform laws in the late 1980s to limit liability costs and stabilize insurance markets. This article uses firm-level data from two states that enacted reforms over the 1984-1991 period--New York and Colorado--to assess the effect of reforms on general-liability insurance. The liability-insurance performance in Pennsylvania and Kentucky--two states that did not adopt reforms--provides a reference point for how insurance markets might have performed otherwise. The quantile regression models indicate that the improvement in insurer profitability was substantial. This improvement, however, appears to be largely attributable to a secular trend rather than to the effect of liability reforms.\n      </p>", "One of the more promising proposals for reforming the federal crop insurance program calls for both premium rates and indemnities to be based not on the producer's individual yield but rather on the aggregate yield of a surrounding area. Area-yield crop insurance can provide more effective yield-loss coverage than individually tailored insurance, without most of the adverse selection and moral hazard problems that have historically undermined the actuarial performance of the federal crop insurance program.\n      </p>", "We develop a new insurance model that shows how catastrophic risk affects the nature and existence of a crop insurance market equilibrium. A reservation preference level is used to characterize long-run equilibrium when catastrophic risk makes insurance companies risk responsive. Catastrophic risk is shown to increase premiums, reduce farmer coverage levels and, under some conditions, lead to a complete breakdown of the crop insurance market. Reinsurance can help facilitate an equilibrium and/or increase participation, particularly if the reinsurance is subsidized. The analysis has important implications for the design and management of crop insurance and reinsurance programs.\n      </p>", "Alternative federal flood disaster assistance programs are evaluated through an economic comparison of flood insurance and disaster loan programs. The distribution of costs, benefits, and program transfers, both private and public, are simulated over time and are analyzed to determine the sensitivity of program performance to specific program parameters. Empirical results demonstrate that both programs provide adequate levels of protection at approximately equivalent costs. Variations in premium and interest rate subsidies have major effects on the distribution of total costs between the public and private sectors.\n      </p>", "The Rand Health Insurance Experiment (HIE) provides the most persuasive evidence to date on the relative effects of health maintenance organization (HMO) and fee-for-service care on utilization, costs, client satisfaction, and health care outcomes. Publications from the HIE have suggested that HMO care was associated with lower costs because of reduced hospitalizations, lower client satisfaction, and poorer health status among the subgroup with limited incomes and initial health status. In our view, the evidence justifies the conclusions related to utilization, costs, and satisfaction, but not the suggestion that HMO care had adverse health effects on low-income, sick individuals.\n      </p>", "The extent to which crop insurance programs have resulted in additional land being brought into production has been a topic of considerable debate. We consider multiequation structural models of acreage response, insurance participation, CRP enrollment, and input usage. Our analysis focuses on corn and soybean production in the Corn Belt and wheat and barley production in the Upper Great Plains. Our results confirm that increased participation in insurance programs provokes statistically significant acreage responses in some cases, though the response is very modest in every case. In the most extreme cases, 30% decreases in premiums as a result of increased subsidies provoke acreage increases ranging from 0.2% to 1.1%. A number of policy simulations involving increases in premium subsidies are considered.\n      </p>", "This article addresses the feasibility of implementing an experience-based premium rate discount system in crop insurance. While adverse selection and moral hazard in crop insurance have been extensively studied in the past, discount systems or bonus-malus incentives have not, to our knowledge, been investigated. Our empirical analysis indicates that a crop insurance discount system could be implemented based on a measure of favorable past insurance experience. The estimated average discounts based on the rating methods developed in this study ranged from 5% to 9% (depending on the crop being considered).\n      </p>", "We study a health-insurance market where individuals are offered coverage against both medical expenditures and losses in income due to illness. Individuals vary in their level of innate ability and their probability of falling ill. If there is private information about the probability of illness and an individual's innate ability is sufficiently low, we find that competitive insurance contracts yield screening partly in the form of co-payment, i.e., a deductible in pay, and partly in the form of reduced medical treatment, i.e., a deductible in pain.\n      </p>", "Between 1997 and 2000 the Australian government introduced three policy reforms that aimed to increase private health insurance coverage and reduce public hospital demand. The first provided income-based tax incentives; the second gave an across-the-board 30% premium subsidy; and the third introduced selective age-based premium increases for those enrolling after a deadline. Together the reforms increased enrolment by 50% and reduced the average age of enrollees. The deadline appeared to induce consumers to enroll now rather than delay. We estimate a model of individual insurance decisions and examine the effects of the reforms on the age and income distribution of those with private cover. We interpret the major driver of the increased enrollment as a response to a deadline and an advertising blitz, rather than a pure price response.\n      </p>", "Background. The extent to which persons enrolling in new public insurance programs substitute the public coverage for private insurance is of concern to policy makers. Objective. To look at the extent of the substitution resulting from new state programs that cover a broad base of the low-income population and to look at the responses of both families and employers. Methods. The March CPS for 1991-1993 and 1997-1998 were used to study the responses of families. Two large national surveys of employers with information about the employment-based system in 1993 and 1997 were used to study employer responses. The analysis looks at changes in coverage and employer offer rates before and after the public insurance expansions in selected states and compares these changes to those in a control group in states without expansions. Results. Coverage by private insurance for low-income persons in states with expansions fell by more than expected based on the control states, indicating some substitution of public coverage for private insurance. Changes in employee coverage in own-employer sponsored insurance accord with this result. The expansion of public insurance has a bigger effect on employer offer decisions when a large share of its workers is eligible for public programs. Conclusions. The results show a significant substitution of public insurance for private coverage in the expansions studied. However, endogeneity of state expansion policies and possible confounding with other policy changes temper the conclusions. More recent public insurance expansions as part of the State Childrens' Health Insurance Program have adopted a range of methods to limit crowd out. Future research is needed to evaluate whether these procedures and rules have succeeded.\n      </p>", "In California, earthquake insurance is not mandatory and is relatively expensive. Investment in earthquake insurance is one indicator of individual/household response to hazards in the urban environment. This paper reports on a series of three surveys of California homeowners undertaken in 1989, 1990, and 1993 in Contra Costa, Santa Clara, Los Angeles, and San Bernardino counties. The surveys addressed six hypotheses: rates of insurance subscription have increased; socioeconomc and demographic characteristics distinguish the insured from the uninsured; insurance purchase is systematically related to geophysical risk at the home site; perceived risk is a predictor of insurance purchase; experience with an earthquake increases perceived risk and motivates insurance purchase; and mandatory noncatastrophic insurance increases the propensity to buy nonmandatory catastrophic insurance. The surveys yielded three primary findings. First, the proportion of households subscribing to earthquake insurance increased steadily, from about 5 percent in 1973 to approximately 40 percent in Santa Clara and Los Angeles counties in 1989 and 50 percent in those counties in 1993. Second, the geographic pattern of insurance subscription has consistently been unrelated to relative geophysical risk: those in areas susceptible to high degrees of ground shaking are no more likely to purchase insurance than those in less risky areas. Third, the strongest and most consistent predictor of earthquake insurance purchase is perceived vulnerability: those who perceive that their homes or communities are likely to experience earthquake damage are more likely to purchase earthquake insurance. Future research should involve cross-cultural studies, specifically addressed at questions of the universality of the empirical relationships between personality, demographic-economic status, and insurance purchase, or, more broadly, earthquake-mitigation behavior.\n      </p>", "The rate of increase in health care expenditures has been a central policy concern for well over a decade, yet little empirical research has been conducted to examine expenditure growth rates. This study analyzed health insurance premium growth rates for a selected sample of 95 insured groups over the period 1985 to 1992. During this time, premiums increased by approximately 150% in nominal terms and by 45% in real terms. The observed rate of growth was not constant over time, however. The most rapid growth occurred during the years 1986 to 1989; thereafter, the rate of increase in premiums declined. Multivariate analysis was conducted to assess the effects on premium growth rates of selected variables representing insurance benefit design features, market competitive factors, insurance system factors, and group-specific factors. In addition to the percentage increase in benefit payments, other factors found to affect premium growth rates were health maintenance organization market penetration, deductible level, the coinsurance rate, and state insurance mandates. Further, this analysis suggests that the insurance underwriting cycle may play an important role in influencing insurance premium growth rates. These results support the belief that health maintenance organization induced competition has potential to control the rate of increase in health care costs.\n      </p>", "Based on analyses of the 1988 National Center for Health Statistics, National Health Interview Survey, Child Health Supplement, this study examines the insurance coverage and utilization of physicians, hospitals, and prescribed medicine among the 9.6 million U.S. children with special health care needs, defined as children who had one or more selected chronic conditions that caused them to experience pain, discomfort, or being upset often or all of the time in the last year, or who were limited in their major childhood activities (playing or going to school) as a result of these or other impairments or health problems. The findings confirmed that substantial variation in access to routine medical care exists among these children. Though health status is an important predictor of which children use services in general, poor, minority children who lived with their mother or someone other than their parents, or those without insurance or an identifiable regular medical provider were most likely to experience financial barriers to access or were less apt to seek care than other children with comparable needs. Access to routine medical care remains particularly problematic for these subsets of children with special health care needs.\n      </p>", "A fundamental aspect of the German health insurance system is the principle of solidarity. At the same time, it is possible for certain socio-economic groups to opt out of the otherwise compulsory system. To determine whether rates incorporating deductibles are compatible with the principles of solidarity and have the ability to heighten the appeal of statutory health insurance (SHI) funds compared with private health insurance companies, Germany's third largest SHI fund, Techniker Krankenkasse, implemented a pilot scheme involving the use of deductibles. Preliminary scientific evaluations of the pilot scheme indicate three main results for these deductibles: Firstly, they are compatible with the principles of solidarity in the statutory health insurance system; secondly, they provide an effective means of preventing defection to private health insurance companies and thirdly, they reduced the volume of insurance claims (moral hazard).\n      </p>", "Recent proposals to decrease the number of uninsured in the U.S. indicate that the individual health insurance market's role may increase. Amid fears of possible risk-segmentation in individual insurance, there exists limited information of the functioning of such markets. This paper examines the relationship between expected medical expense and actual paid premiums for households with individual insurance in the 1996-1997 Community Tracking Study's Household Survey. We find that premiums vary less than proportionately with expected expense and vary only with certain risk characteristics. We also explore how the relationship between risk and premiums is affected by local regulations and market characteristics. We find that premiums vary significantly less strongly with risk for persons insured by HMOs and in markets dominated by managed care insurers.\n      </p>", "This article considers the problem of the optimal design of crop insurance when the indemnity is based upon the aggregate yield of a surrounding area. The optimal area yield crop insurance contract depends on the individual beta coefficient which measures the sensitivity of farm yield to area yield. Indemnity payments are made whenever the realized area yield is lower (higher) than a critical yield if the beta coefficient is positive (negative). The optimal contract contains a \"disappearing deductible\" if the beta coefficient is higher than unity.\n      </p>", "Objectives. This study examined the effect of private health insurance on the use of medical, surgical, psychiatric, and addiction services for patients eligible for publicly supported care. Methods. The authors assembled administrative databases describing 350,000 noninstitutionalized veterans who has been discharged from a Veterans Affairs (VA) inpatient medicine or surgery bed section during a 1-year period. Patient use of care was followed for 1 year after the index discharge. Patient insurance information came from Medical Care Cost Recovery Billing and Collection files obtained separately from each of 162 VA Medical Centers. Distances between VA and non-VA sources of care were estimated from the Health Care Financing Administration's Hospital Distance File. Results. Insured patients were less likely to seek surgical care but were 12 times (65 years of age and older) and 73 times (63 years of age and younger) more likely to initiate outpatient medical visits than were their counterparts, adjusted for patient demographic, diagnostic, and index facility characteristics. Patients who had private health insurance also were 3.4 (\u226565) and 2.6 (\u226464) times less likely to use VA surgical care in response to changes in available surgical staff-to-patient ratios than were their uninsured counterparts. Conclusions. Private health insurance may substitute (reduce) or complement (increase) the continued use of publicly supported health care services, depending on patient age, care setting, and service type.\n      </p>", "Loss statistics for natural disasters demonstrate, also after correction for inflation, a dramatic increase of the loss burden since 1950. This increase is driven by a concentration of population and values in urban areas, the development of highly exposed coastal and valley regions, the complexity of modern societies and technologies and probably, also by the beginning consequences of global warming. This process will continue unless remedial action will be taken. Managing the risk from natural disasters starts with identification of the hazards. The next step is the evaluation of the risk, where risk is a function of hazard, exposed values or human lives and the vulnerability of the exposed objects. Probabilistic computer models have been developed for the proper assessment of risks since the late 1980s. The final steps are controlling and financing future losses. Natural disaster insurance plays a key role in this context, but also private parties and governments have to share a part of the risk. A main responsibility of governments is to formulate regulations for building construction and land use. The insurance sector and the state have to act together in order to create incentives for building and business owners to take loss prevention measures. A further challenge for the insurance sector is to transfer a portion of the risk to the capital markets, and to serve better the needs of the poor. Catastrophe bonds and microinsurance are the answer to such challenges. The mechanisms described above have been developed to cope with well-known disasters like earthquakes, windstorms and floods. They can be applied, in principle, also to less well investigated and less frequent extreme disasters: submarine slides, great volcanic eruptions, meteorite impacts and tsunamis which may arise from all these hazards. But there is an urgent need to improve the state of knowledge on these more exotic hazards in order to reduce the high uncertainty in actual risk evaluation to an acceptable level. Due to the rarity of such extreme events, specific risk prevention measures are hardly justified with exception of attempts to divert earth-orbit crossing meteorites from their dangerous path. For the industry it is particularly important to achieve full transparency as regards covered and non-covered risks and to define in a systematic manner the limits of insurability for super-disasters.\n      </p>", "To assess the performance of the employment-based health insurance system, it is necessary to understand how well workers sort into jobs that offer their desired mix of cash wages relative to benefits. However, few studies directly measure the extent of sorting. We quantify the prevalence of mismatches between workers' preferences and firms' insurance offerings by considering two types of mismatch: (1) workers who appear to desire coverage through their employer, but work for firms that do not offer coverage, and; (2) workers who appear not to desire coverage through their employer, but work for firms that offer coverage. Most workers (79.6%) enjoy labor market matches that appear consistent with their preferences. The remaining 20.4% of workers appear to be mismatched. For most of these mismatches, the primary consequence is lower wages than would be earned if individuals were better matched in the labor market. However, a minority of the identified mismatches appear to be \"involuntarily uninsured\" workers who would gain insurance if they were to find a better match. Extrapolating from the analysis sample, these involuntarily uninsured workers and their uninsured dependents may represent up to one in six uninsured individuals in the United States.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a dynamic model of fertility decisions in which children serve as an incomplete insurance good. The model incorporates uncertainty about future income and the survival of children as well as a discrete representation of the number of children. It contributes to the understanding of the negative relation between fertility and education, shows why parents may demand children even if the return is negative, and explains why fertility might rise with increasing income when income is low and decrease when income is high. Furthermore, the model can account for the decline in fertility when the risk of infant and child mortality decreases. Finally, the implications for empirical tests of the demand for children are also examined.\n      </p>", "As the number of dental insureds and the amount of insured expenditures have increased over the past decade, so has interest in determining insurance effects on dental demand among employer groups and their insureds. Using Pennsylvania Blue Shield (PBS) employer group data representing 50-65% of all PBS insureds, the authors estimate the own-effect of basic insurance rates (diagnostic, preventive, restorative, endodontic, extraction services) and the cross-effects of riders A (crowns and oral surgery), B (prosthodontics), C (periodontics), and D (orthodontics) insurance rates on annual basic expenditures for 1975-1979. Results indicate a consistently positive relationship between basic insurance rates and expenditures. Orthodontic insurance rates have positive cross-effects on basic expenditures, suggesting basic-orthodontic complementarities. Although not statistically significant, potential substitution relationships may exist between basic and oral surgery, prosthodontic, and periodontic services. The implications of these findings for plan design and public oral health are discussed.\n      </p>", "In Chile, dependent workers and retirees are mandated by law to purchase health insurance, and can choose between private and public health insurance. This paper studies the determinants of the choice of health insurance. Earnings are generally considered the key factor in this choice, and we confirm this, but find that other factors are also important. It is particularly interesting to analyze how the individual's characteristics interact with the design of the system to influence choice. Worse health, as signaled by age or sex (e.g., older people or women in reproductive ages), results in adverse selection against the public health insurance system. This is due to the lack of risk adjustment of the public health insurance's premium. Hence, Chile's risk selection problem is, at least in part, due to the design of the Chilean public insurance system.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a model to assist property-liability insurance companies in making product and investment mix decisions. A quadratic programming approach is used to generate mean-variance efficient frontiers that reflect the covariability of returns on insurance lines and assets. The solution indicates the overall premium-to-surplus ratio, the distribution of premiums among insurance lines, and the proportion of assets in each major investment class that are consistent with the minimum level of risk for a given expected rate of return on net worth. Recognition is given to the tendency for some insurance lines to generate more investable funds than others due to longer lags between claim occurrence and settlement. The importance of federal income taxes in insurance company decision making is recognized, and a method is suggested for including taxes in the model. The traditional model for selecting insurance company operating strategies is safety-first decision making (ruin theory). More recently, utility theory has been suggested as an alternative approach. This paper discusses the linkages between ruin theory and utility theory and indicates how these decision rules can be used to select operating points along the efficient frontier. A numerical example is given based on the published financial data of a major insurance company to illustrate the development of an efficient frontier and the use of ruin and utility-based decision rules. The results indicate that these decision rules generally lead to different operating strategies and that efficiency can be improved using the quadratic programming approach.\n      </p>", "The implementability of area-yield insurance contracts in the presence of symmetric and asymmetric information about the farmer's \"beta\" linking his yield to the risk-pool's yield is examined. In the presence of fixed costs and symmetric information Mahul's result that optimality requires setting the slope of the indemnity schedule equal to each farmer's beta is confirmed. When there is asymmetric information between the insurer and the farmer, however, this full-insurance contract is vulnerable to adverse selection, and therefore may not be implementable for general cost structures. The optimal area-yield insurance contract under asymmetric information is characterized.\n      </p>", "A number of studies have documented the rising number of persons under age 65 who do not have health insurance. This paper focuses on the health insurance status of near elderly, those persons age 55 through 64. A comparison age group, persons age 45 through 54, is selected for benchmark purposes. Utilizing data from the 1996 Current Population Survey, logistic regression is used to generate insurance status prediction equations for both age groups. Household characteristics, income, education and employment are found to be significant predictors of health insurance status, but fewer-than-expected differences are found in comparing equations between the two age groups. Results are discussed in the context of recent proposals to extend Medicare coverage, the effect of Medicare policy changes on the number of near elderly persons without health insurance, and how prolonged periods of time without health insurance may lead to an increased burden on Medicare as newly eligible Medicare recipients seek services to address their pent-up demand for health care.\n      </p>", "Rochet (1991) showed that with distortionary income taxes, social insurance is a desirable redistributive device when risk and ability are negatively correlated. This finding is re-examined when ex post moral hazard and adverse selection are included, and under different informational assumptions. Individuals can take actions influencing the size of the loss in the event of accident (or ill health). Social insurance can be supplemented by private insurance, but private insurance markets are affected by both adverse selection and moral hazard. We study how equity and efficiency considerations should be traded off in choosing the optimal coverage of social insurance when those features are introduced. The case for social insurance is strongest when the government is well informed about household productivity.\n      </p>", "The literature on the audit market has suggested that a valued attribute of audits is implicit insurance. The insurance stems from the investor's right to recover from auditors the losses sustained by relying on audited financial statements that contain misrepresentations. This \"insurance hypothesis\" has proven difficult to test empirically, despite the widespread evidence of litigation against auditors. In this paper we provide some empirical support, showing that investors assign a value to the right to recover investment losses from the auditor. We examine the effect on stock prices of Laventhol &amp; Horwath (L&amp;H) clients of two related events: first, the disclosure of their auditor's bankruptcy, and second, the appointment of a successor auditor. L&amp;H's bankruptcy is a rare instance in which the insurance protection provided by the auditor was suddenly withdrawn and the ability of investors to recover losses from the auditor was significantly curtailed. We argue that the value assigned by investors to the right to recover potential losses from the auditor is a component of the stock price, and hypothesize that it varies with the likelihood that the right will be exercised. It is expected to increase with increasing magnitude of stock price declines and to be greater for recent initial public offerings (IPOs) than for seasoned securities. The results suggest that the disclosure of L&amp;H's bankruptcy had an adverse effect on market prices of L&amp;H clients. As hypothesized, the effect varied with previously incurred price declines, and was greater for IPOs. To more distinctly separate insurance and monitoring effects, we also examined the market reaction to clients' announcements of a replacement auditor. No significant reaction was observed, which is consistent with the insurance hypothesis. Overall, the results of the paper provide some empirical support for the theory that investors view the audit product as including insurance against potential investment losses.\n      </p>", "Pareto-optimal and constrained Pareto-optimal all-risk insurance contracts are studied. Conditions required for emergence of competitive insurance markets are isolated and discussed. Full insurance contracts are shown to be dominated by contracts involving coinsurance and deductibles if insurers are pseudo-risk averse. The effect of moral hazard on all-risk agricultural insurance indemnity schedules is examined. Results for indemnity schedules under moral hazard and constant absolute risk aversion show that providing farmers with the incentives to take appropriate actions may imply lower deductibles in the presence of moral hazard than in the absence of moral hazard.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014Preliminary investigations of whether 10 884 staff and consultants of the World Bank experience disease due to work related travel. Medical insurance claims filed by 4738 travellers during 1993 were compared with claims of nontravellers. Methods\u2014Specific diagnoses obtained from claims were analysed overall (one or more \u03c5 no missions) and by frequency of international mission (1, 2\u20133, or \u22654). Standardised rate of claims ratios (SRRs) for each diagnostic category were obtained by dividing the age adjusted rate of claims for travellers by the age adjusted rate of claims for non-travellers, and were calculated for men and women travellers separately. Results\u2014Overall, rates of insurance claims were 80% higher for men and 18% higher for women travellers than their non-travelling counterparts. Several associations with frequency of travel were found. SRRs for infectious disease were 1.28, 1.54, and 1.97 among men who had completed one, two or three, and four or more missions, and 1.16, 1.28, and 1.61, respectively, among women. The greatest excess related to travel was found for psychological disorders. For men SRRs were 2.11, 3.13, and 3.06 and for women, SRRs were 1.47, 1.96, and 2.59. Conclusions\u2014International business travel may pose health risks beyond exposure to infectious diseases. Business travellers file medical claims at a greater rate than non-travellers, and for many categories of disease, the rate of claims increases with frequency of travel. The reasons for higher rates of claims among travellers are not well understood. Additional research on psychosocial factors, health practices, time zones crossed, and temporal relation between travel and onset of disease is planned.\n      </p>", "With the crop insurance program becoming the cornerstone of U.S. agricultural policy, recovering accurate rates is of paramount interest. Lack of yield data presents, by far, the most fundamental obstacle to recovery of accurate rates. This article employs new methodology to estimate conditional yield densities and derive the insurance rates. In our application, we find the nonparametric kernel density estimator requires an additional twenty-six years of yield data to estimate the shape of the conditional yield densities as accurately as the recently developed empirical Bayes nonparametric kernel density estimator. Such methodological improvements can significantly aid in ameliorating the data problem.\n      </p>", "The traditional method of obtaining optimal claim limits for vehicle insurance is to discretise the state space and use successive approximations. In this paper we show how the stochastic dynamic programming equations reduce to a set of differential equations, in which these are easily solved to provide exact continuous time solutions. The resulting model can be used for evaluating alternative levels of excess.\n      </p>", "This study examines the relationship between chemical input use and crop insurance purchase decisions for a sample of Kansas dryland wheat farmers. Recent research by Horowitz and Lichtenberg indicated that, contrary to conventional wisdom, farmers that purchased insurance tended to use relatively more chemical inputs than farmers who did not insure. In contrast, our results confirm the conventional view that moral hazard incentives lead insured farmers to use fewer chemical inputs. Implications for the joint determination of insurance and input use decisions and appropriate estimation techniques are discussed.\n      </p>", "COLI - company owned life insurance - is often purchased by firms on employees in whom the firm has no demonstrable insurable interest. Though no immediate harm comes to individuals insured in this way, purchasing such policies raises moral questions. From a Kantian framework, questions arise about reciprocity and fairness, the deception of employees, the generation of mistrust, and the use of the employee's life as a means to profit. No compensating social good is served by the sale of these policies.\n      </p>", "Frank Russell Company and The Yasuda Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., developed an asset/liability management model using multistage stochastic programming. It determines an optimal investment strategy that incorporates a multiperiod approach and enables the decision makers to define risks in tangible operational terms. It also handles the complex regulations imposed by Japanese insurance laws and practices. The most important goal is to produce a high-income return to pay annual interest on savings-type insurance policies without sacrificing the goal of maximizing the long-term wealth of the firm. During the first two years of use, fiscal 1991 and 1992, the investment strategy devised by the model yielded extra income of 42 basis points (\u00a58.7 billion or US$79 million).\n      </p>", "Background: Families of workers who decline coverage represent a substantial share of the uninsured and publicly-insured population in the United States. Objective: We examined health status, access to health care, utilization, and expenditures among families that declined health insurance coverage offered by employers using data from the Medical Expenditure Panel Survey for 2001 and 2002. Results: We found differences in insurance status for adults and children among families with offers. We found that among low-income families with offers, children are less likely to have private insurance compared with adults. However, the majority of children who decline private insurance end up with public coverage, whereas most of adults who decline offers remain uninsured. Decliners are more likely to report poor health, yet they are also less likely to have high cost medical conditions. Families declining coverage have weaker preferences for insurance than families that take up. Although access to care is lower among the decliners who remain uninsured, decliners with public insurance have similar access to care as those with private insurance. Families turning down coverage are more likely to face high expenditure burdens as a percentage of income and more likely to have financial barriers to care. Families who decline coverage rely heavily on the safety net. Public sources and uncompensated care account for 72% of total expenditures among adults who decline coverage. Conclusions: Our results suggest that policy initiatives aimed at increasing take up among workers need to take into account the incentives workers face given the availability of care through public sources and uncompensated care.\n      </p>", "Aim To estimate the price sensitivity of consumer choice of health insurance firm. Method Using paneldata of the flows of insured between pairs of Dutch sickness funds during the period 1993-2002, we estimate the sensitivity of these flows to differences in insurance premium. Results The price elasticity of residual demand for health insurance was low during the period 1993-2002, confirming earlier findings based on annual changes in market share. We find small but significant elasticities for basic insurance but insignificant elasticities for supplementary insurance. Young enrollees are more price sensitive than older enrollees. Conclusion Competition was weak in the market for health insurance during the period under study. For the market-based reforms that are currently under way, this implies that measures to promote competition in the health insurance industry may be needed.\n      </p>", "Objective. To assess the association between race and insurance and Cesarean delivery rates after adjusting for clinical risk factors that increase the likelihood of cesarean delivery. Design. Retrospective cohort study in 21 hospitals in northeast Ohio. Subjects. 25,697 women without prior cesarean deliveries admitted for labor and delivery January 1993 through June 1995. Methods. Demographic and clinical data were abstracted from patients' medical records. The risk of cesarean delivery was adjusted for 39 maternal and neonatal risk factors that were included in a previously developed risk-adjustment model using nested logistic regression analysis. Main Outcome Measures. Odds ratios for cesarean delivery in nonwhite patients relative to whites and for patients with government insurance or who were uninsured relative to patients with commercial insurance. Results. The overall rate of cesarean delivery was similar in white and nonwhite patients (15.8% and 16.1%, respectively), but rates varied (P &lt; 0.001) according to insurance (17.0%, 14.2%, 10.7% in patients with commercial insurance, government insurance, and without insurance, respectively). However, after adjusting for clinical factors, the adjusted odds ratio (OR) of cesarean delivery was higher in nonwhite patients (OR = 1.34; 95% CI: 1.14-1.57; P &lt; 0.001), but similar for patients with government insurance (OR = 1.01; 95% CI: 0.90-1.14; P = 0.84) and lower for uninsured patients (OR = 0.65; 95% CI, 0.41, 1.03; P = 0.067), albeit not statistically significant. In analyses stratified according to quintiles of predicted risk of cesarean delivery, racial differences were largely limited to patients in the lower risk quintiles. However, differences in odds ratios for uninsured patients were seen across the risk quintiles, although odds ratios were not statistically significant. Conclusion. After adjusting for clinical factors, race and insurance status may independently influence the use of cesarean delivery. The higher rates in nonwhites and lower rates in the uninsured may reflect differences in patient preferences or expectations, differences in physician practice, or unmeasured risk factors. The lower odds of cesarean delivery in uninsured women, particularly women at high risk, may raise the issue of underutilization of services and warrants further study.\n      </p>", "In the insurance industry, claims tend to constitute the major proportion of total annual outgoings across almost all product lines. This study develops a cost function of insurance claims and applies the model to 1988-93 data from the United Kingdom and New Zealand life insurance industries. We find a similar set of results for the two countries. In general, the results support the hypothesis that larger life insurance firms on average face bigger claims-to-premium ratios than smaller life insurance firms. The evidence concerning the relationships between claims and the composition of output and between claims and the degree of reinsurance is mixed, but there is clear support for the view that stock firms have a less severe claims experience than mutuals. We conclude that the model provides intuitive insights into the determinants of insurance claims, which could help to stimulate and direct further research.\n      </p>", "Long-term care is now the most common cause of catastrophic illness costs for the elderly. Although acute care health insurance represents a mature market, private long-term care insurance is in its infancy and poised for development. This study presents a comparative analysis of simulation data, generated from the Brookings-ICF Long-Term Care Financing Model, for five alternative private long-term care insurance models. The simulation results indicate 1) the potential market for private long-term care insurance is substantial, 2) moderately comprehensive long-term care policies are affordable by a significant minority of the elderly, 3) policies are considerably more affordable to those under age 65, and 4) long-term care insurance has somewhat less potential to pay for nursing home costs for high risk groups than for other elderly.\n      </p>", "This study evaluates the determinants of insurance coverage in the 18-24-year-old population using the National Medical Care Utilization and Expenditure Survey. Three specific issues are addressed: 1) the characteristics of the insured versus uninsured, 2) the reason given by the uninsured for not having coverage, and 3) the role of employment status and other variables in determining insurance status. An important consideration is whether age or usual activity is more important in its effect on insurance status. The results show that employment is the strongest predictor of insurance status in all age and usual activity subgroups. Generally, permanent/full-time workers are most likely to be insured. An exception to this trend is found for those attending school who are also permanent/part-time workers. These individuals are more likely to be insured than permanent full-time workers who are in school. Furthermore, young adults with lower incomes, less education, rural residence, not married, hispanic ethnicity, and Western geography are the least likely to be insured. The findings of this analysis can be used by policymakers to identify the mechanisms that can best enhance insurance coverage among young adults.\n      </p>", "A well-known result in the medical insurance literature is that zero co-insurance is never second-best for insurance contracts subject to moral hazard. We replace the usual expected utility assumption with a version of the rank-dependent utility (RDU) model that has greater experimental support. When consumers exhibit such preferences, we show that zero co-insurance may in fact be optimal, especially for low-risk consumers. Indeed, it is even possible that the first-best and second-best contracts are identical. In this case, there is no \"market failure\", despite the informational asymmetry. We argue that these RDU results are in better accord with the empirical evidence from US health insurance markets.\n      </p>", "The full insurance model is tested using data from three poor, high risk villages in the semi-arid tropics of southern India. The model presented here incorporates a number of salient features of the actual village economies. Although the model is rejected statistically, it does provide a surprisingly good benchmark. Household consumptions comove with village average consumption. More clearly, household consumptions are not much influenced by contemporaneous own income, sickness, unemployment, or other idiosyncratic shocks, controlling for village consumption (i.e. for village level risk). There is evidence that the landless are less well insured than their village neighbors in one of the three villages.\n      </p>", "Without affordable reinsurance, private crop insurance markets are doomed to fail because systemic weather effects induce high correlation among farm-level yields, defeating insurer efforts to pool risks across farms. Using an empirical model of the U.S. crop insurance market, we find that U.S. crop insurer portfolios are twenty to fifty times riskier than they would be otherwise if yields were stochastically independent across farms. We also find that area yield reinsurance contracts would enable crop insurers to cover most of their systemic crop loss risk, reducing their risk exposure to levels typically experienced by more conventional property liability insurers.\n      </p>", "With area yield crop insurance, indemnification occurs when area yield falls below a yield trigger that is chosen by the producer. The maximum value for this yield trigger is generally restricted (e.g., 80% of the long term area average yield). The impact of this trigger constraint on the optimal design of an area yield insurance contract is examined. Within the constrained efficient contract, indemnities consist of both a lump sum payment and a payment that is proportional to the yield shortfall. Because lump sum payments may not be feasible to implement, efficiency-enhancing modifications to standard contracts are also proposed.\n      </p>", "The economic theory of contracts is applied to agricultural insurance to show that, given full information, Pareto-optimal insurance contracts are actuarially fair, provide full coverage, and differ for each individual. The information problems of moral hazard and adverse selection prevent Pareto optimality from being attained. Several \"second-best\" solutions to these problems are applied to agricultural insurance. It is shown that information collection and the application of contract design principles are \"second-best\" solutions which may achieve the benefits of insurance at less cost than the current practice of public subsidies.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the moral hazard implications of individual-coverage crop insurance contracts. Individual-coverage contracts are informationally superior to standard contracts because the farmer's coverage is proportional to his average historical yield. Despite this apparent benefit, the steady-state solution is shown to be characterized by moral hazard cycles, where moral hazard is practiced in alternative periods. The amplitude of the cycle and, thus, the variability in planned production is shown to be larger the lower the degree of production uncertainty, the fewer the number of years used in the averaging process, the higher the coverage threshold, and the lower the level of co-insurance.\n      </p>", "We estimate farmers' health care consumption given their insurance status, explicitly taking into account the possible endogeneity of insurance. Data come from the 1996-2001 waves of the Medical Expenditure Panel Survey conducted by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. Results show that farmers have problems accessing affordable health insurance coverage, and these access problems lead to an overall reduction in the utilization of health care services by uninsured farmers. After controlling for selection, we observe quantitatively large and statistically significant direct effects of uninsurance on the utilization of health care services.\n      </p>", "Background. Many proposed policy initiatives involve subsidies directed toward encouraging employers to offer coverage and toward workers to encourage enrollment in offered plans. Given that insurance coverage reflects employers' decisions to offer coverage, eligibility requirements for such coverage, and employees' take-up decisions, all three elements are important when considering mechanisms to decrease the number of uninsured individuals. Research Design. In this study, we examine the relationship between workers' decisions to take-up offers of health insurance and annual out-of-pocket contributions, total premiums, and employer and workforce characteristics. We model the take-up decision using cross-sectional data from approximately 18,000 establishments per year from the 1997 to 1999 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey - Insurance Component. Results. We find that workers are less likely to enroll in coverage as single employee contributions increase. Our results for family contributions are much smaller than for single contributions and are not statistically significant in all years. Our simulation results suggest that reducing employee contribution levels for single coverage from existing levels in 1999 to zero would yield an increase in take-up rates of roughly 6% points in establishments that had required a positive level of contributions. Our results also indicate that of the 13.8 million private sector workers who decline coverage from their employers, 2.5 million would potentially enroll in employer-sponsored coverage if the cost of single coverage were to fall to zero. Conclusion. Reducing employee contributions will increase take-up rates; however, even when employees pay nothing for their coverage, some employees elect not to enroll.\n      </p>", "While \"integrated\" systems regulate the quantity of health services, \"Bismarckian\" systems regulate their price. This paper compares the consumers' allocations implemented within the two reimbursement systems. In the model, illness has a negative impact on labor productivity while public insurance is financed through income tax. Consumers have private information with respect to a parameter which can be interpreted as heterogeneity either in intensity of their preferences for treatment or in the type of illness. The social planner may be constrained to adopt uniform insurance plans, or may be free to choose self selecting plans. The analysis of uniform plans shows that Bismarckian systems dominate integrated systems from the social welfare point of view; whereas the opposite ranking holds with self-selecting plans.\n      </p>", "Data from the Longitudinal Survey of Income and Program Participation were used to examine the dynamics of health insurance among persons 55 to 64 years of age. Persons in this age range are especially vulnerable to incurring high health care costs. Between the summer of 1983 and early 1986, 21% of persons 55 to 64 years of age experienced some time without health insurance. Approximately one fifth were continuously uninsured (4%) while the rest spent only part of the time without coverage, typically 4 months or less. Women were particularly vulnerable to periods without insurance, accounting for approximately twice as many of them as did men. Unlike younger cohorts, the coverage lost among the near elderly tended not to be employer coverage. Instead, most uninsured spells were ones in which individually purchased coverage was lost. Most spell beginnings were unrelated to changes in household employment, yet most spells ended when employment within the household increased. Some currently proposed reforms to expand health insurance, such as an all-employer mandate, a \"pay-or-play\" mandate, and extending Medicaid to persons in poverty, are less effective in reaching this medically high-risk population than in reaching younger persons who are uninsured.\n      </p>", "Current legislative proposals to increase competition among private insurers assume that people are or can be well-informed about their insurance coverage. Evidence from the National Medical Care Expenditure Survey shows that among the population 65 years of age and older knowledge about health insurance coverage is substantial but generally lower than in the population younger than 65 years of age. Multivariate analysis is used to identify factors associated with high and low levels of knowledge. Although correct knowledge of coverage of particular services is highly associated with current experience of health problems, with use of these health services, and with the cost for private insurance, overall knowledge is lowest among some groups at high risk of serious illness, in particular, the old, nonwhites, and persons enrolled in Medicare but without Medicaid or private insurance supplements.\n      </p>", "We use nonparametric density estimation procedures to evaluate county-level crop yield distributions. Implications for rating area-yield crop insurance contracts are discussed. The procedures developed are used to measure yield risk and calculate insurance premium rates for wheat and barley in the 1995-96 Group Risk Program.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the incentive effects of interactions between unemployment insurance (UI) and sickness insurance (SI), two important components of Sweden's social insurance system. The main topic is how the sickness-report rate among the unemployed is affected by (i) the limit of 300 workdays for UI benefits, and (ii) the difference in maximum compensation between UI and SI benefits. Results obtained by duration analysis suggest that sick reports increase as the UI benefit expiration date approaches. There is also evidence of an incentive effect on the sick-report rate because SI offers higher compensation than UI.\n      </p>", "This paper attemps to rationalize the use of insurance covenants in financial contracts, and shows how external financing generates a demand for insurance by risk-neutral entrepreneurs. In our model, the entrepreneur needs external financing for a risky project that can be affected by an accident during its realization. Accident losses and final returns are private information to the firm, but they can be evaluated by two costly auditing technologies. We derive the optimal financial contract: it is a bundle of a standard debt contract and an insurance contract with franchise, trading off bankruptcy costs vs auditing costs. We then analyze how this optimal contract can be achieved by decentralized trading on competitive markets when insurance and credit activities are exogenously separated. With additive risks, the insurance contract involves full coverage above a straight deductible. We interpret this result by showing how our results imply induced risk aversion for risk-neutral firms.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the consequences of agricultural insurance for expected supply. The effect of insurance is shown to decompose into a \"risk reduction\" effect as well as a \"moral hazard\" effect. The direction and magnitude of these effects depend on the parameters of the insurance contract, producer's risk preferences, and the underlying technology. Two models are considered for this purpose. In the first model, widely employed in the literature, a producer controls only one input. The second model uses a dual approach to extend the results to the case where a producer controls multiple inputs.\n      </p>", "Weather insurance within the agricultural sector has been limited by the difficulty in defining the appropriate weather event and in pricing the product. We develop a new pricing method for weather insurance under situations where returns depend not only on the occurrence of the weather event, but also its timing. The method is used to price weather insurance for ice wine. Because the harvest quantity of grapes for ice wine degrades over time, the strike value on the weather event measured as harvestable hours is random. We develop a Monte Carlo method to estimate the premium.\n      </p>"], "words": {"limited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "all": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "systemic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "welfare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "children": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "to": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "program": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "include": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "broadly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consolidation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "induce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choice": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "liability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "every": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crop": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "feasibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surrounding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cost": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "design": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implemented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assistance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "profitability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "earthquake": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canadian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "economics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amount": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "usually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adopting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "industry,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "private": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "brought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decrease": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employer": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "market": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "use": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "objectives": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sample": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vehicle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "theoretical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparison": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "company": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "varying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supplemental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "valued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 24, "prob": 0.00019875035712954797}, "can": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concepts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dollars": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claim": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "attribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tax": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "topic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rather": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disagree": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chemical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "optimal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "product": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farm": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expenditures": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hazard": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reflect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "law": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "solidarity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 32, "prob": 0.00026500047617273063}, "purchase": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inhabitants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deposit": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fundamental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "correlation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uninsured": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reforming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "producer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "nonparametric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coli": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "longitudinal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chosen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "defining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "good": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "return": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undergone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "documented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enacted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financial": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "series": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constitute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "namely,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pareto": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mandated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insurance": {"number": 58, "prob": 0.00048031336306307424}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increase": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "health": {"number": 20, "prob": 0.00016562529760795664}, "selection,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shows": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "theory": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "interactions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frank": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficulty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "completely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cornerstone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "definition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "geomorphology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flood": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spanish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "legislative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "introduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indemnities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "construct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "types": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "white": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "villages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "second": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bee": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "providing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "explicit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "correction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "confirms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "documents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incentive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explanations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "objective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "performance": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "multiple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advances": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "falls": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "successive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "consequences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "principle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incomplete": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sector": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "german": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "availability": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proportion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "california,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equilibrium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dependent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procedures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determinants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expansions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yield": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "public": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "banking": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fertility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disaster": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "catastrophic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sensitivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "testing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "agricultural": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "insurance,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "macrobudgets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capacity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farmers": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "federal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "missing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "affecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "affordable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complementary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reforms,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analyzed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "suggested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prescription": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "limits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "israel,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "annual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drug": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "april": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whole": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "adjusted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "co": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colony": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "combines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "been": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "implicit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genetic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expected": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "firm": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expenditure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "external": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demand": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "surveys": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expanded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "property": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "characterizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "almost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "characterize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dryland": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "productivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inflation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "program,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "allocation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "persons": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "statutory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aggregate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "audit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "well": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moral": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "without": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 87, "prob": 0.0007204700445946114}, "background": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unemployment": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "being": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uninsurance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alternative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "workers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "density": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "input": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "has": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "increased": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "government": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disagreement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "burden": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loss": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "semi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefit": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "deregulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "essential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "pricing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "organizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "total": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 19, "prob": 0.0001573440327275588}, "affects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "avoid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stability,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "participation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disasters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "wheat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "continuing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conventional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contracts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "on": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "package": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 72, "prob": 0.0005962510713886439}, "industry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposals": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "or": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "obtaining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "billions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appropriate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "weather": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statistics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "additional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "low": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resulted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "becoming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "county": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "full": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "below": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detailed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "universal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "year": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "examine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "as": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "employment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "event": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "application": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "income": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "generates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "separate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crime": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develops": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coverage": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fertilizer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transfers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "land": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calls": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assume": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "age": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "space": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "insureds": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "profits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}