{"total_words": 1418, "documents": ["The Internet has been given tremendous publicity in recent years. However, most research focuses on Europe or America rather on than Asian countries. This study hopes to contribute to a better understanding of the Internet phenomenon in Asia by examining the factors influencing the adoption and nonadoption of the Internet among organizations in Singapore. A survey was carried out among business firms to examine the benefits of adopting the Internet, reasons for not adopting the Internet, and the criteria for selecting Internet access service providers. The results showed that key benefits are derived from the global nature of the Internet, which enables access to worldwide information and the creation of a worldwide electronic presence. Nonadopters of the Internet are concerned about whether staff will waste time surfing the Internet. Both access speed and technical support are viewed as important criteria in selecting an Internet access service provider (IASP). Implications of the results are discussed.\n      </p>", "This paper reports on an effort to develop an Internet well-being measure for possible use by government agencies and industry associations that are directly involved with the promulgation of the Internet. Such measures can help officials gauge the social health of those Internet-related industries and institutional sectors, which in turn can guide the development of policies to enhance the quality-of-life impact of the Internet. The Internet well-being measure is based on the theoretical notion that the perception of the overall impact of the Internet on users of the Internet is determined by their perceptions of the impact of the Internet in their life domains such as consumer life, work life, leisure life, social life, community life, sensual life, among others. In turn, the perception of impact of the Internet in a given life domain (e.g., consumer life, work life) is determined by perceptions of benefits and costs of the Internet within that domain. We conducted a focus group to identify all the perceived benefits and costs within salient life domains of college students. We also conducted a thorough literature search to identify studies that examined the quality-of-life impact of the Internet in a variety of life domains. We then tested the nomological validity of the measure through two surveys at two major universities (one in the USA and the other in Korea). The statistical analysis allowed us to identify those measurement items that are most predictive, and therefore considered as nomologically valid. Policy implications of the study are discussed along with future research avenues.\n      </p>", "The diffusion of Internet technology among firms is widely considered to be one of the primary factors behind the rapid economic growth of the 1990s. However, little systematic study has examined the variation in firm decisions to adopt the Internet. I explore the sources of this variation by examining Internet adoption decisions in a very large sample of organizations in the finance and services sector in 1998. I show how prior information technology (IT) investments and workplace organization decisions affect the returns to adopting simple and complex Internet technologies. I show that recent investments in client/server (C/S) networking applications have competing effects on the likelihood of Internet adoption. Such investments can slow adoption by acting as a short-run substitute or by creating \"switching costs.\" Geographic dispersion of employees is complementary with Internet adoption, suggesting that Internet technology lowered internal coordination costs. Increases in organization size and external pressure also increase the likelihood of adoption.\n      </p>", "The Arab world plays a relatively minor role in the rapidly changing geographies of global cyberspace. This paper explores the multiple geographies of the Arab Internet. First, it addresses Internet penetration rates, which averaged 7.8 per cent in 2006, although these varied widely among and within the region's countries. Between 2000 and 2006, the number of users jumped by 830 per cent, indicating these geographies are in rapid flux. It then examines the telecommunications infrastructure of the Middle East and North Africa, including fixed and mobile telephone networks and Internet cafes. Third, it turns to the reasons why the Internet has experienced relatively late adoption among Arab countries, including the dominance of the Latin alphabet, high access costs reflecting state-owned telecommunications monopolies, low Arab literacy rates, and restrictive gender relations that keep the proportion of female users low. The paper pays special attention both to government censorship of the Arab Internet as well as resistance to such controls and attempts to utilize the Internet counter-hegemonically. Finally, it explores the impacts of the Internet on some Arab societies, including the opening of discursive communities of politics, the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, Iraq and electronic commerce.\n      </p>", "As is true of all segments of society, science educators' use of the Internet has been increasing. Yet little research is available on the current use of this medium by science educators. This study was conducted with two surveys on two populations. The first, a telephone survey concerning use of the Internet, was administered to a known group of science educators. The second instrument, a revision of the first survey, was administered through the Internet to an unknown population of science educators. Results from the Internet survey showed that time online could be categorized into use of e-mail, bulletin boards, gopher sites, or other uses. In addition, most of the respondents accessed a fee network, rather than a commercial, or fee-paid network. Readers are cautioned that response to the survey was limited, therefore this study does not represent a general statement of science educators' use of the Internet. This study, while it has some limitations, is important in the exploration of Internet use by science educators.\n      </p>", "The Internet has experienced tremendous growth worldwide. However, very little empirical research has been done to examine the phenomenon of businesses adopting the Internet. This study uses a contingency model to examine factors influencing Internet adoption. A questionnaire was used to survey 500 companies in Singapore, and 188 usable responses (37.6 percent) were received. The results revealed that organizational and technological factors, rather than environmental factors, play a significant role in Internet adoption. Implications of the results are discussed.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the gap between expectation and realization among a group of small Australian firms that engaged in small business Internet commerce (SBIC) over a 20-month period. Essentially, small firms on-line believed that the Internet is important in terms of competitiveness, although some of their early expectations about the ability of SBIC to generate instant competitive advantage had began to wane. The most useful effects of the Internet were in information gathering and time savings, but results in advertising and sales were less encouraging. Internet marketing effectiveness was found to be industry-sector-dependent.\n      </p>", "From publicly available data, we identified two national culture dimensions, individualism-collectivism and uncertainty avoidance, and their interaction that influences Internet shopping rates across a wide spectrum of countries. Together, these factors accounted for 14% of the explained variance (on top of the combined variance of 63% explained by national income level, educational level, economic growth rate, unemployment rate, and crime rate) in predicting Internet shopping rates. For countries lower in uncertainty avoidance, individualist cultures show higher Internet shopping rates than do collectivist cultures. Implications for national- and Internet firm-level web design strategies are discussed.\n      </p>", "The Internet is perhaps the defining technology of the emerging twenty-first century. This article examines the infrastructure that comprises the \"network of networks\" and the spatial patterns that have emerged in the Internet's short existence. In its brief history, the Internet has manifested a tentative relationship with the urban hierarchy. This relationship is tracked over a four-year period (1997 to 2000), during which firms made massive investments in new fiber-optic lines and upgrades. A global bias of Internet backbone networks toward world cities is evident, and it is tempered only slightly by a set of urban areas that serve as interconnection points between backbone networks. Interconnection is both critical to the functioning of the Internet and the source of its greatest complications.\n      </p>", "Internet deception threatens the sustainability of Internet commerce because it undermines trust. This paper investigates the deceptive tactics available on the Internet and some of the factors that make them more or less likely to be adopted. An established theory of deception is applied to the Internet context to identify the deception tactics available on-line. The theory is then expanded with new hypotheses that link the selection of a specific tactic to the identity of the target and the purported identity of the deceiver. Content analysis of a broad range of documentary evidence published between 1995 and 2000 is used to build a database of 201 cases of Internet deception. Data from the database are used to test the hypotheses. The results suggest that deceivers select tactics as a function of their targets as well as their own purported identities. Practical implications for deterrence, prevention, and detection of Internet deception are discussed.\n      </p>", "The uneven diffusion of the Internet across countries reinforces social and economic inequalities. Correlation studies associate its uneven diffusion with such factors as competition, telephone infrastructure, literacy, economic development, access charges, and network reliability, but they do not reveal the mechanics of Internet diffusion because it is the interplay of different factors, not any factor in isolation, that generates diffusion behavior. This paper uses the system dynamics (SD) methodology to develop a causal model of Internet diffusion in a developing country. The SD methodology was selected because its basic construct, the feedback loop, is well suited to represent the mechanics driving dynamic processes. The proposed causal model is validated using Internet subscriber data from India. The technique of dominant loop analysis identifies the feedback loops that have the most influence on diffusion behavior. The model can be used to evaluate diffusion patterns resulting from different policy alternatives intended to foster Internet diffusion in developing countries.\n      </p>", "This study focuses on antecedents to Internet privacy concerns and the behavioral intention to conduct on-line transactions. Perceptions of privacy are socially constructed through communication and transactions with social entities over a networked environment, a process that involves a certain level of technical skill and literacy. The research model specifies that social awareness and Internet literacy are related to both Internet privacy and intention to transact. Survey data collected from 422 respondents were analyzed using structural equation modeling (SEM) with LISREL and provided support for the hypothesized relationships. Social awareness was positively related and Internet literacy was negatively related to Internet privacy concerns. Moreover, Internet privacy concerns were negatively related and Internet literacy positively related to intention to transact on-line. This research explores the two alternative antecedents to Internet privacy concerns and intention to engage in e-commerce activity and contributes to our understanding of Internet privacy and its importance in the global information environment. The construct of social awareness can be broadened to develop a much-needed construct of awareness in MIS research related to the voluntary usage of information technology. A segmentation of Internet users with respect to privacy concerns is also proposed.\n      </p>", "E-commerce success, especially in the business-to-consumer area, is determined in part by whether consumers trust sellers and products they cannot see or touch, and electronic systems with which they have no previous experience. This paper describes a theoretical model for investigating the four main antecedent influences on consumer trust in Internet shopping, a major form of business-to-consumer e-commerce: trustworthiness of the Internet merchant, trustworthiness of the Internet as a shopping medium, infrastructural (contextual) factors (e.g., security, third-party certification), and other factors (e.g., company size, demographic variables). The antecedent variables are moderated by the individual consumer's degree of trust propensity, which reflects personality traits, culture, and experience. Based on the research model, a comprehensive set of hypotheses is formulated and a methodology for testing them is outlined. Some of the hypotheses are tested empirically to demonstrate the applicability of the theoretical model. The findings indicate that merchant integrity is a major positive determinant of consumer trust in Internet shopping, and that its effect is moderated by the individual consumer's trust propensity.\n      </p>", "The search for unifying properties of complex networks is popular, challenging, and important. For modeling approaches that focus on robustness and fragility as unifying concepts, the Internet is an especially attractive case study, mainly because its applications are ubiquitous and pervasive, and widely available expositions exist at every level of detail. Nevertheless, alternative approaches to modeling the Internet often make extremely different assumptions and derive opposite conclusions about fundamental properties of one and the same system. Fortunately, a detailed understanding of Internet technology combined with a unique ability to measure the network means that these differences can be understood thoroughly and resolved unambiguously. This article aims to make recent results of this process accessible beyond Internet specialists to the broader scientific community and to clarify several sources of basic methodological differences that are relevant beyond either the Internet or the two specific approaches focused on here (i.e., scale-free networks and highly optimized tolerance networks).\n      </p>", "Contrary to much of the hype that posits cyberspace as the uncontested domain of rugged individualists, computer networks and traffic exhibit deeply social and political roots. The Internet is neither inherently oppressive nor automatically emancipatory; it is a terrain of contested philosophies and politics. After a brief review of the politics of electronic knowledge, we discuss the ways in which the Internet can be harnessed for counterhegemonic (antiestablishment) political ends. We focus on progressive uses, including the confrontation of nomadic power and rhizomic power structures, in which the local becomes the global. We also offer an encapsulation of right-wing uses. Throughout, we see cyberactivism as a necessary, but not sufficient, complement to real-world struggles on behalf of the disempowered.\n      </p>", "This article describes an empirical method for classifying Internet retail sites for electronic commerce. The technique used 35 observable Internet retail site attributes and features of online stores as the raw data to classify the online stores into meaningful groups. This paper presents a classification of online retail stores based upon an August 1996 convenience sample of 137 Internet retail stores. Descriptive statistics for 44 variables provide a snapshot of key attributes and features of online stores. Subsequent cluster and factor analysis identified five distinct Web catalog interface categories: superstores, promotional stores, plain sales stores, one-page stores, and product listings. Online stores differ primarily on the three dimensions: size, service offerings, and interface quality. A preponderance of the stores in the study had limited product selection, few service features, and poor interfaces. This categorization provides a better understanding of the strategies pursued in Internet-based marketing and will be helpful for Internet retail store designers as well as for researchers to structure and target further analyses in this domain.\n      </p>", "While the Internet and the World Wide Web (WWW) appear to have gained fairly rapid acceptance, some key questions remain: What could be the underlying motivation for businesses to adopt and make use of the Internet? How can businesses effectively manage this technology and its use? What are likely to be the major organizational consequences from its use? This study offers a theoretical framework for analyzing the use of the Internet for business. Innovation-specific characteristics (the social and technological context) and organization-specific characteristics (organization boundaries, transaction cost economics, and organizational cognition) are proposed to be the determinants of business use of the Internet. Building on the model and propositions in the theoretical framework, this study presents the results and analysis of an exploratory case study, which finds preliminary support for the proposed model. This study is intended to spur future empirical research in this increasingly important area.\n      </p>", "Customization and personalization services are a critical success factor for Internet stores and Web service providers. This paper studies personalized recommendation techniques that suggest products or services to the customers of Internet storefronts based on their demographics or past purchasing behavior. The underlining theories of recommendation techniques are statistics, data mining, artificial intelligence, and rule-based matching. In the rule-based approach to personalized recommendation, marketing rules for personalization are usually obtained from marketing experts and used to perform inferencing based on customer data. However, it is difficult to extract marketing rules from marketing experts, and to validate and maintain the constructed knowledge base. This paper proposes a marketing rule-extraction technique for personalized recommendation on Internet storefronts using machine learning techniques, and especially decision-tree induction techniques. Using tree induction techniques, data-mining tools can generate marketing rules that match customer demographics to product categories. The extracted rules provide personalized advertisement selection when a customer visits an Internet store. An experiment is performed to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach with preference scoring and random selection.\n      </p>", "In today's interdependent world, applications supporting collaborative interactions are critical for individuals, groups, and organizations. Most groupware applications are based on proprietary standards, necessitating vendor-specific tools and making ad-hoc collaboration difficult. This calls for a shift of technology platforms for collaborative systems (\"collaboratories\") from proprietary to open environments based on the Internet and intranets. We enumerate and analyze collaboratory requirements for three geographically dispersed electronic communities: individuals with overlapping interests but without formal ties, special-interest groups, and organizations with interdependent workgroups. The requirements analysis is based on maximizing the net value derived by collaboratory users and identifies sets of infrastructure and user-community-specific characteristics. We show that, to support these requirements, Internet applications such as the World Wide Web and Usenet and non-Internet technologies such as database systems and scripting languages need to be integrated. We also discuss some design philosophies for preserving the open but secure (where appropriate) nature of collaborative systems. We follow up our requirements analysis with the implementation of three collaboratories: one based on the Internet with a flat-file structure, one involving Web and database integration in an intranet setting, and one based on both the Internet and an intranet. We also report the results of a survey of users of the first collaboratory, which support our theoretical premise of a technological platform shift and the need for integration of multiple technologies for effective collaboration.\n      </p>", "This article describes how the world-wide web is currently used by a mathematics educator. The author describes a multi-phase teaching experiment designed to address three questions: (1) Can the world-wide web provide students a viable way to access course materials, information, and activities? (2) What investments of time and expertise are required to deliver web-based course materials? (3) What potential is there for the Internet to positively impact upon the teaching and learning of mathematics? Illustrations of various uses of the world-wide web are provided as are comments that respond to the teaching-experiment questions.\n      </p>", "Information technology (IT) innovation can be defined as the creation and new organizational application of digital computer and communication technologies. The paper suggests that IT innovation theory needs to be expanded to analyze IT innovations in kind that exhibit atypical discontinuities in IT innovation behaviors by studying two questions. First, can a model of disruptive IT innovations be created to understand qualitative changes in IT development processes and their outcomes so that they can be related to architectural discontinuities in computing capability? Second, to what extent can the observed turmoil among systems development organizations that has been spawned by Internet computing be understood as a disruptive IT innovation? Second, to what extent can the observed turmoil among systems development organizations that has been spawned by Internet computing be understood as a disruptive IT innovation? To address the first question, a model of disruptive IT innovation is developed. The model defines a disruptive IT innovation as an architectural innovation originating in the information technology base that has subsequent pervasive and radical impacts on development processes and their outcomes. These base innovations establish necessary but not sufficient conditions for subsequent innovation behaviors. To address the second question, the impact of Internet computing on eight leading-edge systems development organizations in the United States and Finland is investigated. The study shows that the adoption of Internet computing in these firms has radically impacted their IT innovation both in development processes and services.\n      </p>", "Aberrant consumer behaviour costs firms millions of pounds a year, and the Internet has provided young techno-literate consumers with a new medium to exploit businesses. This paper addresses Internet related ethics and describes the ways in which young consumers misdemean on the Internet and their attitudes towards these. Using a sample of 219 generation Y consumers, the study identified 24 aberrant behaviours which grouped into five factors; illegal, questionable activities, hacking related, human Internet trade and downloading. Those perceived as least wrong were; \"Downloading movie and music files from the Internet for free\". The consequences of these behaviours have implications for educators, consumer policy and marketers.\n      </p>", "This paper aims to show that economics can make an important contribution to the question of how to price the Internet. It argues that any pricing scheme must be robust to strategic behaviour, in the sense that the scheme must be supportable as an equilibrium between firms or individuals. The paper analyses the implications of this restriction for interconnection agreements between networks, and for end-user pricing.\n      </p>", "A fundamental problem of Internet traffic engineering is bandwidth estimation: determining the bandwidth (bits per second) required to carry traffic with a specific bit rate (bits per second) offered to an Internet link and satisfy quality-of-service requirements. The traffic is packets of varying sizes that arrive for transmission on the link. Packets can queue up and are dropped if the queue size (bits) is bigger than the size of the buffer (bits) for the queue. For the predominant traffic on the Internet, best-effort traffic, quality metrics are the packet loss (fraction of lost packets), a queueing delay (seconds) and the delay probability (probability of a packet exceeding the delay). This article presents an introduction to bandwidth estimation and a solution to the problem of best-effort traffic for the case where the quality criteria specify negligible packet loss. The solution is a simple statistical model: (1) a formula for the bandwidth as a function of the delay, the delay probability, the traffic bit rate and the mean number of active host-pair connections of the traffic and (2) a random error term. The model is built and validated using queueing theory and extensive empirical study; it is valid for traffic with 64 host-pair connections or more, which is about 1 megabit/s of traffic. The model provides for Internet best-effort traffic what the Erlang delay formula provides for queueing systems with Poisson arrivals and i.i.d. exponential service times.\n      </p>", "Research has demonstrated that employee reactions to monitoring systems depend on both the characteristics of the monitoring system and how it is implemented. However, little is known about the role individual differences may play in this process. This study proposes that individuals have generalized attitudes toward organizational control and monitoring activities. We examined this argument by assessing the relationship between employees' baseline attitudes toward a set of monitoring and control techniques that span the employment relationship. We further explore the effects of employees' generalized attitudes toward monitoring and their individual ethical orientations on their attitudinal reactions to an Internet monitoring system implemented in their workplace. Results of a longitudinal study indicate that as expected, prior beliefs and ethical orientation interact to affect employees' reactions to monitoring systems. Implications for research and practice are discussed.\n      </p>", "In every industry, E-commerce is revolutionizing the way business is conducted. New business models are replacing outdated ones and organizations are rethinking business process designs and customer relationship management strategies. Banks are no exception to this transformation. This study examines bankers' views on providing banking services to customers using the web. Specifically, it addresses issues such as the strategic need for Internet banking, its effect on customer-bank relationships, and customers' experiences in Internet banking. Data collected from 75 banks show that most banks do not yet offer full-fledged Internet banking. However, most have plans to do so. Furthermore, bankers see Internet banking as a strategic opportunity that can reduce transaction costs, enhance customer service, increase the customer base and improve cross-selling opportunities. Also, Internet banking is perceived more favorably by banks that offer it compared to those that do not.\n      </p>", "Computers and Internet-based programs have great potential to make psychological assessment and treatment more cost-effective. Computer-assisted therapy appears to be as effective as face-to-face treatment for treating anxiety disorders and depression. Internet support groups also may be effective and have advantages over face-to-face therapy. However, research on this approach remains meager.\n      </p>", "This article is based on a survey of 374 airline passengers sampled at an airport. We examine how travelers search for and then buy airline seats, determine which distribution channel dominates, calculate what percentages of online searches convert to actual bookings on the same website, and report why people switch. We also examine which travelers book, and then rebook airline seats, and why. We then measure the differences in how travelers view several Internet and website issues, the differences between Internet users and nonusers, between business and pleasure travelers, and between men and women. We update the most important reasons for airline choice, in an era when online bookings predominate. Finally, we report our findings (some counterintuitive) and their implications for airlines and third-party websites (online travel agents).\n      </p>", "Two different views of the Internet are presented. One is from the perspective of an author who has written a personal account of her own breast cancer experience, while the other is from the perspective of a cancer researcher who is interested in quality of life research. The article is written in a format that reflects the somewhat informal style of messages sent to Internet discussion groups. For better or worse, the Internet has arrived as a force in our lives, and medical information and support constitute two of its more important uses. Both authors agree that the novel medium of the Internet provides a unique opportunity to create a true partnership of health care providers and consumers.\n      </p>", "Experiences of men who have internet sex with men were studied to determine the level of misrepresentation in real life and on the Internet of physical, relationship, sexual interests, and HIV status. An internet-based questionnaire in English and Spanish ($20 compensation) recruited 1,026 Latino MISM over 3 weeks. Four 'fib' scales were created to measure misrepresentation by the respondent and to the respondent on the Internet and IRL. Overall, respondents rated being misrepresented to on the Internet significantly highest, followed by being misrepresented to IRL and misrepresenting themselves to others on the Internet, and misrepresenting themselves to others IRL lowest. For HIV status there were no differences between Internet and IRL misrepresentation by others and Internet and IRL misrepresentation by self, but a significant difference between HIV status misrepresentation by self and others. Misrepresenters were more likely to have had cybersex before meeting their last partner and to prefer cybersex, to be more sexually compulsive, and to speak and think more in Spanish. Social desirability considerations account for the higher misrepresentation on physical characteristics and sexual interests by others, and higher misrepresentation on the Internet. However, misrepresentation of HIV status was the lowest category and while it was misrepresented more often by others than self, there were no internet/IRL differences. Data suggest that HIV misrepresentation occurred for 20% of men and was lower than other forms of misrepresentation. Implications for HIV prevention are discussed, along with the concept of levels of accuracy in internet communications. /// Les exp\u00e9riences des hommes qui ont des rapports sexuels avec des hommes via Internet ont \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9tudi\u00e9es afin d'\u00e9valuer les niveaux des fausses repr\u00e9sentations, dans la vie r\u00e9elle et sur Internet, sur les caract\u00e9ristiques physiques, les relations, les go\u00fbts sexuels et le statut s\u00e9rologique. Diffus\u00e9 en anglais et en espagnol sur Internet, un questionnaire a permis de recueillir les r\u00e9ponses de 1026 hommes d'origine hispanique et ayant des rapports sexuels avec des hommes (en \u00e9change, une indemnit\u00e9 de 20 $ leur a \u00e9t\u00e9 vers\u00e9e). Quatre \" \u00e9chelles de fib \" ont \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e9labor\u00e9es pour mesurer les fausses repr\u00e9sentations formul\u00e9es ou re\u00e7ues par les r\u00e9pondants, sur Internet et dans la vie r\u00e9elle. Dans l'ensemble, les r\u00e9pondants classent, de mani\u00e8re significative et comme \u00e9tant les plus courantes, les fausses repr\u00e9sentations qu'ils re\u00e7oivent sur Internet; ensuite, ils placent au m\u00eame niveau les fausses repr\u00e9sentations qui leur sont adress\u00e9es dans la vie r\u00e9elle et celles qui \u00e9manent d'eux-m\u00eames sur Internet; les fausses repr\u00e9sentations d'eux-m\u00eames qu'ils adressent \u00e0 d'autres hommes dans la vie r\u00e9elle viennent en dernier. Concernant les fausses repr\u00e9sentations sur le statut s\u00e9rologique, qu'elles soient formul\u00e9es sur Internet ou dans la vie r\u00e9elle, aussi bien par d'autres hommes que par les r\u00e9pondants, aucune diff\u00e9rence n'appara\u00eet. En revanche, une diff\u00e9rence significative appara\u00eet entre celles qui sont formul\u00e9es par les r\u00e9pondants et celles qui le sont par d'autres hommes, aussi bien sur Internet que dans la vie r\u00e9elle. Les r\u00e9pondants qui communiquent de fausses repr\u00e9sentations sont plus susceptibles d'avoir eu des rapports sexuels virtuels avant de rencontrer leurs derniers partenaires, d'avoir une pr\u00e9f\u00e9rence pour le cybersexe, d'\u00eatre moins sexuellement compulsifs, de parler et de penser en espagnol. Des consid\u00e9rations relatives \u00e0 la d\u00e9sirabilit\u00e9 sociale justifient un niveau plus \u00e9lev\u00e9 de fausses repr\u00e9sentations par les autres hommes sur les caract\u00e9ristiques physiques et les go\u00fbts sexuels, et d'une mani\u00e8re plus g\u00e9n\u00e9rale sur Internet. Cependant, la fausse repr\u00e9sentation du statut s\u00e9rologique est la cat\u00e9gorie la plus faiblement class\u00e9e, et tandis qu'elle est plus fr\u00e9quemment formul\u00e9e par les autres hommes que par les r\u00e9pondants, aucune diff\u00e9rence Internet/vie r\u00e9elle ne ressort de l'\u00e9tude. Les donn\u00e9es sugg\u00e8rent que des fausses repr\u00e9sentations relatives au VIH concernent 20% des hommes interrog\u00e9s et sont plus faiblement class\u00e9es que d'autres types de fausses repr\u00e9sentations. Les implications de ces r\u00e9sultats dans la pr\u00e9vention du VIH sont discut\u00e9es, de m\u00eame que le concept des niveaux de pr\u00e9cision dans les communications via Internet. /// Para poder determinar en qu\u00e9 medida se tergiversan en la vida real y en Internet los intereses fisicos, sexuales y de relaciones y la condici\u00f3n de seropositivo, se llev\u00f3 a cabo un estudio sobre las experiencias sexuales que tienen los hombres a trav\u00e9s de Internet con otros compa\u00f1eros del mismo sexo. Se captaron 1026 hombres de origen latinoamericano que usan Internet para tener relaciones sexuales con otros hombres (fueron gratificados con $20) para un estudio, tipo cuestionario en ingl\u00e9s y espa\u00f1ol, a trav\u00e9s de Internet de 3 semanas de duraci\u00f3n. Se crearon cuatro escalas \"de enga\u00f1o\" para medir en qu\u00e9 medida los entrevistados se presentaban a los dem\u00e1s de forma enga\u00f1osa en Internet y en la vida real, y en qu\u00e9 medida les pas\u00f3 lo mismo a ellos. En general, los entrevistados dieron una puntuaci\u00f3n muy alta en cuanto a recibir presentaciones enga\u00f1osas en Internet, seguido de recibir presentaciones enga\u00f1osas en la vida real, presentarse ellos mismos de forma enga\u00f1osa frente a otros en Internet, y por \u00faltimo presentarse ellos mismos de forma enga\u00f1osa frente a otros en la vida real. En la manera en la que los entrevistados y las otras personas informan sobre su condici\u00f3n de seropositivo no se observaron diferencias en cuanto al lugar donde se da esta informaci\u00f3n, es decir, en Internet o en la vida real. Sin embargo, en este campo hubo una diferencia significativa entre el grupo de los entrevistados y el de las otras personas. Las personas que dieron informaci\u00f3n enga\u00f1osa sobre s\u00ed mismas eran las que con m\u00e1s probabilidad hab\u00edan tenido cibersexo antes de encontrarse con su \u00faltimo compa\u00f1ero y prefer\u00edan el cibersexo, eran menos compulsivos sexualmente y tend\u00edan a hablar y pensar m\u00e1s en espa\u00f1ol. Las consideraciones sociales con respecto al deseo explican el nivel alto de informaci\u00f3n enga\u00f1osa sobre caracter\u00edsticas e intereses sexuales por otros y el mayor grado de informaci\u00f3n enga\u00f1osa en Internet. Sin embargo, la informaci\u00f3n enga\u00f1osa sobre la condici\u00f3n de seropositivo fue la de menor categor\u00eda y aunque las otras personas enga\u00f1aban m\u00e1s que los entrevistados, no se observaron diferencias entre Internet y la vida real. Los datos indican que el 20% de hombres dio informaci\u00f3n enga\u00f1osa sobre VIH, un porcentaje menor que para otros tipos de tergiversaci\u00f3n. Se exponen las implicaciones para la prevenci\u00f3n de VIH y se analiza el concepto del nivel de precisi\u00f3n de la informaci\u00f3n dada por Internet.\n      </p>", "The authors discuss research progress and future opportunities for modeling consumer choice on the Internet using clickstream data (the electronic records of Internet usage recorded by company web servers and syndicated data services). The authors compare the nature of Internet choice (as captured by clickstream data) with supermarket choice (as captured by UPC scanner panel data), highlighting the differences relevant to choice modelers. Though the application of choice models to clickstream data is relatively new, the authors review existing early work and provide a two-by-two categorization of the applications studied to date (delineating search versus purchase on the one hand and within-site versus across-site choices on the other). The paper offers directions for further research in these areas and discusses additional opportunities afforded by clickstream information, including personalization, data mining, automation, and customer valuation. Notwithstanding the numerous challenges associated with clickstream data research, the authors conclude that the detailed nature of the information tracked about Internet usage and e-commerce transactions presents an enormous opportunity for empirical modelers to enhance the understanding and prediction of choice behavior.\n      </p>", "Access to the Internet has increased dramatically over the past decade as has its use for meeting sexual partners (e-dating), particularly among gay men. Between June 2002 and January 2004, 128 gay/bisexual men living in London were interviewed one-to-one about their experience of e-dating, sexual risk and HIV prevention. The men were recruited both online (through the Internet) and offline (in clinics and the community); 32 men were HIV-positive, 59 HIV-negative, while 13 had never had an HIV test. A key finding was that both identity as well as anonymity are vital to e-dating. Through a process of online filtering and sero-sorting, HIV-positive men are able to meet other positive men for anal sex without condoms. While this does not present a risk of HIV transmission to an uninfected person it does have implications for the potential transmission of other STIs such as syphilis and LGV. Through e-dating, HIV-positive gay men can also avoid abuse, discrimination and sexual rejection. Our findings do not support the suggestion that the attraction of e-dating is that it affords absolute anonymity. We found that the gradual expression of identity is vital for e-dating among gay men. Internet-based HIV prevention campaigns need to take account of the different ways in which gay reflexively manage aspects of their identity online /// L'acc\u00e8s \u00e0 Internet s'est \u00e9largi de fa\u00e7on consid\u00e9rable ces dix derni\u00e8res ann\u00e9es, de m\u00eame que son utilisation pour des rencontres sexuelles (e-dating), en particulier par les hommes gay. De juin 2002 \u00e0 janvier 2004, 128 hommes gay/bisexuels vivant \u00e0 Londres ont \u00e9t\u00e9 interrog\u00e9s un \u00e0 un sur leurs exp\u00e9riences en mati\u00e8re d'e-dating, de risque sexuel et de pr\u00e9vention du VIH. Ils avaient \u00e9t\u00e9 recrut\u00e9s \u00e0 la fois en ligne (via Internet) et hors ligne (dans des centres de soins et dans la communaut\u00e9); 32 d'entre eux \u00e9taient s\u00e9ropositifs, 59 \u00e9taient s\u00e9ron\u00e9gatifs et 13 autres n'avaient jamais \u00e9t\u00e9 test\u00e9s pour le VIH. Un r\u00e9sultat cl\u00e9 est que aussi bien l'identit\u00e9 que l'anonymat sont essentiels au e-dating. A travers un proc\u00e9d\u00e9 de filtrage et de s\u00e9ro-triage, les hommes s\u00e9ropositifs peuvent rencontrer d'autres hommes s\u00e9ropositifs pour pratiquer le sexe anal sans pr\u00e9servatif. Si cette pratique ne repr\u00e9sente pas de risque de transmission du VIH pour une personne d\u00e9j\u00e0 infect\u00e9e, elle a des implications pour la transmission potentielle d'autres IST telles que la syphilis et la LGV. A travers l'e-dating, les hommes s\u00e9ropositifs peuvent \u00e9galement \u00e9viter les violences, les discriminations et le rejet. Nos r\u00e9sultats n'\u00e9tayent pas la th\u00e9orie selon laquelle l'attraction pour l'e-dating r\u00e9sulte de sa garantie d'un anonymat parfait. Nous avons d\u00e9couvert que l'expression progressive de l'identit\u00e9 est vitale pour l'e-dating chez les gays. Les campagnes de pr\u00e9vention du VIH via Internet doivent prendre en compte les diff\u00e9rentes mani\u00e8res dont les gays g\u00e9rent les caract\u00e9ristiques de leur identit\u00e9 en ligne, par processus d'auto-d\u00e9voilement. /// El acceso a Internet ha aumentado de manera espectacular en la \u00faltima d\u00e9cada y este aumento tambi\u00e9n se ha visto en su uso para encontrarse con compa\u00f1eros sexuales (citas por Internet), especialmente entre homosexuales masculinos. Entre junio de 2002 y enero de 2004, 128 hombres gays/bisexuales que viven en Londres fueron entrevistados personalmente sobre sus experiencias de citas por Internet, el riesgo sexual y la prevenci\u00f3n de VIH. Se captaron hombres en Internet y en cl\u00ednicas y la comunidad; 32 hombres eran seropositivos, 59 seronegativos, y 13 nunca se hab\u00edan hecho la prueba del sida. Los resultados indican que la identidad y el anonimato son vitales para las citas por Internet. A trav\u00e9s de un proceso de filtraci\u00f3n en l\u00ednea y clasificaci\u00f3n seropositiva, los hombres con VIH pueden encontrarse con otros en su misma condici\u00f3n para tener relaciones anales sin usar preservativos. Aunque esto no suponga un riesgo para la transmisi\u00f3n del VIH en una persona no infectada, tiene implicaciones para el posible contagio de otras enfermedades de transmisi\u00f3n sexual como la s\u00edfilis o el linfogranuloma ven\u00e9reo (LGV). Mediante las citas por Internet, los hombres homosexuales seropositivos pueden evitar abusos, discriminaci\u00f3n o rechazo sexual. Nuestros resultados no respaldan la sugerencia de que lo atractivo de las citas por Internet es que garantiza el anonimato absoluto. Hallamos que la expresi\u00f3n gradual de identidad es de vital importancia para las citas por Internet entre los homosexuales. En las campa\u00f1as de prevenci\u00f3n del sida por Internet deben tenerse en cuenta los diferentes m\u00e9todos en que los homosexuales adoptan de forma reflexiva aspectos de su identidad en l\u00ednea.\n      </p>", "The Internet can make markets more competitive, but whether this holds for on-line price levels and price dispersion is unclear, perhaps because the maturity, or level of development, of Internet markets has not been widely studied. This paper explores how the maturity of an Internet market affects on-line market pricing in relation to types of products and retailers. It analyzes the pricing differences between pure on-line retailers (e-tailers) and hybrid retailers (multichannel retailers) for three categories of products (books, CDs, digital cameras) in two countries with different levels of Internet maturity (China and the United States). The results show that (1) e-tailer price dispersion is lower in the United States than in China, (2) price levels in the two countries vary with product types, and (3) in both countries, e-tailers have lower price levels and price dispersion than hybrid retailers. These findings suggest that the maturation of Internet markets may lead to lower prices and price dispersion, but with variations dependent on type of product and retailer.\n      </p>", "In a complex network, there is a strong interaction between the network's topology and its functionality. A good topological network model is a practical tool as it can be used to test 'what-if' scenarios and it can provide predictions of the network's evolution. Modelling the topology structure of a large network is a challenging task, since there is no agreement in the research community on which properties of the network a model should be based, or how to test its accuracy. Here we present recent results on how to model a large network, the autonomous system (AS)-Internet, using a growth model. Based on a nonlinear preferential growth model and the reproduction of the network's rich club, the model reproduces many of the topological characteristics of the AS-Internet. We also identify a recent method to visualize the network's topology. This visualization technique is simple and fast and can be used to understand the properties of a large complex network or as a first step to validate a network model.\n      </p>", "The Internet makes it possible for consumers to obtain electronic word of mouth from other consumers. Customer comments articulated via the Internet are available to a vast number of other customers, and therefore can be expected to have a significant impact on the success of goods and services. This paper derives several motives that explain why customers retrieve other customers' on-line articulations from Webbased consumer opinion platforms. The relevance of these motives and their impact on consumer buying and communication behavior are tested in a large-scale empirical study. The results illustrate that consumers read on-line articulations mainly to save decision-making time and make better buying decisions. Structural equation modeling shows that their motives for retrieving on-line articulations strongly influence their behavior.\n      </p>", "This paper presents teachers' perspectives on the impact of Internet usage on their teaching practices. Semi-structured interviews with ten teachers and two identical on-line surveys were used to collect data from teacher participants in the West Virginia K-12 RuralNet Project. Questions were directed toward teachers' understandings of Internet resources, the development of collaborative relationships and the use of investigative projects in classrooms. Teacher enthusiasm for benefits of the information highway is mingled with frustrations with the nature of the Internet medium and constraints within schools.\n      </p>", "We explored the perceptions of caregivers of older adults using Internet-based social support networks regarding the unique advantages and disadvantages of online social support. Participants were recruited with permission of Web owners through 15 Web sites that offered social networks, and responses from 63 electronically submitted surveys were analyzed qualitatively. Two major advantages of online social support were attributes of computer-mediated communication (CMC) (anonymity, asynchrony, and ability to personalize use) and connectivity (connecting with other caregivers). Disadvantages included limitations of CMC and complaints with CMC Findings suggest that Internet use may be a potential resource for caregivers in expanding their status-similar social support networks.\n      </p>", "A partir de un estudio cualitativo sobre la incorporaci\u00f3n de Internet en la vida cotidiana, este art\u00edculo propone una reflexi\u00f3n acerca de los procesos de socializaci\u00f3n, las pr\u00e1cticas de consumo, y las formas de sociabilidad de los j\u00f3venes en Internet. Por una parte, se sostiene que si se a\u00edsla su estudio de las relaciones significativas en la vida cotidiana y del consumo de otros medios de comunicaci\u00f3n no se puede comprender el alcance y complejidad de los v\u00ednculos en la red. Por otra, se argumenta que la sociabilidad online no representa un desplazamiento de otras formas de pertenencia, sino que permite ampliar los circuitos tradicionales de encuentro y socializaci\u00f3n. /// On the basis of a qualitative study on the incorporation of the Internet into everyday life, this article proposes a reflection on the processes of socialization, the practices of consumption and the forms of sociability of young people on the Internet. On the one hand, the author maintains that it is impossible to understand the scope and complexity of links on the Internet if their study is isolated from significant relations in everyday life and the consumption of other media. On the other, she argues that online sociability does not constitute the displacement of other forms of belonging, and instead allows the expansion of the traditional circuits of encounters and socialization.\n      </p>", "This article reviews the exponential growth of Internet resources leading to the emergence of hundreds of Internet directories to organize those resources. These Internet directories have been categorized into eight groups based upon their format, contents, and characteristics. From one of these groups, \"subject directories published in professional journals,\" all published Internet directories are identified and listed in detail. Using Paradox-for-Windows, the author has designed and developed a comprehensive database of more than 350 of these directories. This article analyzes and interprets the data contained in the database. If further reviews the strengths and weaknesses of print Internet subject directories as compared to online Internet directories and other search engines.\n      </p>", "Small business Internet use has gained much popularity among researchers in information systems and entrepreneurship over recent years\u2013with many undertaking surveys of small business Internet commerce. The newness and dynamic nature of this area, however, means that multiple research methods are needed to obtain an allaround understanding of the key issues. In this paper, we demonstrate that, by combining survey techniques with case study research, we can combine quantitative and qualitative data for a better understanding of small business Internet commerce. Such multidimensional understanding is necessary as a foundation for ongoing longitudinal studies and hypotheses generation.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the use of internet discussion forums as a source of information about the emerging new sport of mixed martial arts (MMA). It begins with an explanation of the origins of MMA and how it has sometimes been misrepresented by sections of the mass media. This discussion is followed by a discussion of how internet forums may be used to provide a 'View from below' to counter such negative media images, similarities and differences between such internet communication and oral history and theoretical and methodological issues concerning the use of internet communications as a source of research evidence.\n      </p>", "Almost all attempts to date to monetize Internet applications targeted at individuals have focused on natural extensions of traditional media or traditional retailing. Most are either some form of consumer-focused advertising or of consumerfocused e-commerce. And yet the Net is far more powerful than traditional media on one hand, and far more liberating and thus inappropriate as an alternative to traditional media on the other. There are numerous potential online business models that are not based on advertising. This paper explores several such areas and divides them into two basic categories, those that sell some product, experience, content, or service and earn revenues from the sale, and those that provide access to consumers and charge for access. It further divides each of these major categories into subcategories, and for each subcategory reviews current experience, places it in the context of the relevant literature in competitive strategy, and uses that theory to make predictions. The paper concludes with strategic recommendations for corporations as well as with suggestions for further research.\n      </p>", "The aim of this research is to investigate information systems security in the context of Internet banking. In doing so, it adopts a socio-organizational approach to the subject matter by investigating the interrelationship between trust and risk communication within information technology groups and their possible effect on the level of security goal setting. The research explores and describes different socio-organizational issues and seeks to demonstrate the importance of trust and risk communication in setting efficiently Internet banking goals within the broader context of information systems security management. To this end, it gives also an overview of different goal setting procedures within the IT departments of three financial institutions.\n      </p>", "Information Age gurus claim the Internet will alleviate global poverty, empower individuals, revolutionize commerce, and spread the light of democracy to far corners of the globe-so long as governments keep their hands off. Think again. Without careful regulation, digital technology may devastate low-income communities and eliminate personal privacy. And repressive regimes may harness the Internet to increase their power over the people.\n      </p>", "The art and science of tele-traffic modelling is quite mature. On the other hand, Internet traffic seems to defy all attempts to capture its essence in simple models. This is not so surprising when we consider that the Internet consists of a large number of self-organizing systems, each evolved almost independently, which is quite a different way to construct a network than the ground-up design associated with telecommunications. IP routing, TCP congestion control, Relative Transport Protocol playout and loss adaption, Web caching and load balancing, and user behaviour are all involved in a system of massive complexity. In this paper, we survey some of these mechanisms and some of the attempts to bring this unruly bunch of schemes into a more coherent whole. We argue that these attempts are misguided, and that the strength of the Internet design is in the loose organization of these components. As the commercial investors turn their eyes on the Internet with a view to pricing, we argue that they should take extreme care not to propose mechanisms that kill the goose that lays the golden egg.\n      </p>", "While many people in government, education, and industry have lauded the potential educational value of Internet access for students in grades K-12, there is as yet no legal or regulatory framework within which this new medium is being offered to students. The Communications Policy Forum, a nonpartisan project of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, recently convened a roundtable to discuss some of the legal issues that arise when K-12 schools provide Internet access to their students. Approximately 15 people, representing carriers who provide connections to the Internet, schools or school systems who are connected to the Internet, and legal experts with expertise in this and related areas, met to discuss questions of legal liability as this new medium enters an educational setting for minors. The following attempts to capture the major issues, suggestions, and directions for further collaborative efforts raised during the course of that discussion. In brief, the group identified statutory language aimed at other types of electronic communication that may offer some guidance; was briefed on a host of state laws that could be used to prosecute providers of certain materials found on the Internet; and concluded that there is no case law that clearly applies to this setting. The discussion revealed an interest in anticipating issues and developing responses before problems arose, and the need for shared approaches to allow carriers to move forward in serving and expanding this field. Members of the group offered to pursue these issues jointly and agreed upon a handful of concrete steps for further exploration and discussion.\n      </p>", "The Gutenberg invention of printing has been a major precondition for the development of present-day science and the science system. With this historical analogue as a starting point, the article addresses the present and future impact of the emergence of electronic communication networks as epitomized by the Internet and the World Wide Web on the future organization and operation of the science system, including political science and the effects that can already be found in the science system. The analysis finds that the impact of electronic communication is already strongly felt in the \"hard\" sciences, but much less so in the humanities and social sciences, although its potential there is also large. Electronic communication is a field where the social sciences should engage much more in research than is presently done. /// L'invention de l'imprimerie par Gutenberg fut une condition pr\u00e9alable au d\u00e9veloppement du syst\u00e8me scientifique contemporain. Prenant cet axiome comme point de d\u00e9part de ses r\u00e9flexions, l'auteur identifie ce qu'est d\u00e9j\u00e0, et se demande ce que sera demain, l'impact de la communication \u00e9lectronique du type internet et www sur la structure du syst\u00e8me scientifique, science politique comprise. Il ressort de son analyse que l'\u00e9lectronique transforme les sciences naturelles et biologiques plus profond\u00e9ment que les science sociales et humaines, lors m\u00eame que s'offre \u00e0 ces derni\u00e8res un potentiel \u00e9volutif qui est encore mal exploit\u00e9 et devrait l'\u00eatre mieux.\n      </p>", "This paper contributes to the emerging debate about the value of on-line research. Drawing on the experience of an Internet-based Cyberparents project, it explores the possibilities and limitations of web-based questionnaire surveys and on-line synchronous interviews. It discusses some of the implications of conducting research in the virtual arena, with particular emphasis on sampling, on-line interactions and computer-mediated conversations. Although on-line research holds promise, its potential should not be exaggerated: many of the issues and problems of conventional research still apply in the virtual venue.\n      </p>", "This research examines whether (1) consumers' shopping orientations are significantly related to their preference for shopping online, (2) consumers' demographic characteristics are significantly related to preference for shopping online, (3) relationships of shopping orientation and demographic variables with purchase preferences on the Internet will vary by the type of products (i.e., search, experience, or credence). Deriving from the product classification theory, products are classified into four categories: search products, two types of experience products, and credence products. Data were collected through self-administered surveys from adult population in two metropolitan areas in the Southern United States. The findings significantly support the study's hypotheses that shopping orientations such as convenience and recreational shopper and demographic variables such as gender, education, and household income were significantly related to consumer's online purchase preference. The researchers' findings also confirm that the relationships of shopping orientation and demographic variables with purchase preference for shopping online significantly differ by product category. More specifically, convenience and recreational orientations were positively related to preference for shopping online for experience-1, experience-2, and credence product types, though the directional relationship between recreational shopper orientation and preference for shopping on the Internet was positive rather than negative as hypothesized. The results and discussion section also includes implications drawn from the findings.\n      </p>", "There have been many claims that the Internet represents a new nearly \"frictionless market.\" Our research empirically analyzes the characteristics of the Internet as a channel for two categories of homogeneous products-books and CDs. Using a data set of over 8,500 price observations collected over a period of 15 months, we compare pricing behavior at 41 Internet and conventional retail outlets. We find that prices on the Internet are 9-16% lower than prices in conventional outlets, depending on whether taxes, shipping, and shopping costs are included in the price. Additionally, we find that Internet retailers' price adjustments over time are up to 100 times smaller than conventional retailers' price adjustments-presumably reflecting lower menu costs in Internet channels. We also find that levels of price dispersion depend importantly on the measures employed. When we compare the prices posted by different Internet retailers we find substantial dispersion. Internet retailer prices differ by an average of 33% for books and 25% for CDs. However, when we weight these prices by proxies for market share, we find dispersion is lower in Internet channels than in conventional channels, reflecting the dominance of certain heavily branded retailers. We conclude that while there is lower friction in many dimensions of Internet competition, branding, awareness, and trust remain important sources of heterogeneity among Internet retailers.\n      </p>", "In this study, we develop a multivariate generalization of the negative binomial distribution (NBD). This new model has potential application to situations where separate NBDs are correlated, such as for page views across multiple websites. In turn, our page view model is used to predict the audience for Internet advertising campaigns. For very large Internet advertising schedules, a simple approximation to the multivariate model is also derived. In a test of nearly 3,000 Internet advertising schedules, the two new models are compared with some proprietary and nonproprietary models previously used for Internet advertising and are shown to be significantly more accurate.\n      </p>", "The Internet poses challenges to parents who want their children to take advantage of online resources but also want to protect their children from questionable content. Using data from 749 dyads of American parents and their teenage children with Internet access, this study finds that the majority of parents report regulating their teenage children's Internet use, but parents report more monitoring (61%) than teens report (38%). Multivariate regression analyses indicate fathers, younger parents, parents who use the Internet with their children, and parents with younger teens engage in a higher level of parental monitoring. This study provides a first look at parental monitoring of children's Internet use and points to the need to study family rules from both parents' and children's perspectives.\n      </p>", "A research model based on the concept of a strategic grid was developed to examine the relationship between the role of information systems (IS) and organizational use of the Internet to achieve business competitiveness. A survey questionnaire was sent to 650 companies in Singapore, and 225 usable responses were obtained. The results indicated that firms with a more strategic view of IS make the most use of the Internet to achieve business competitiveness (in terms of the customer-to-business, intrabusiness, and business-to-business dimensions). In particular, achieving market responsiveness (construct within the customer-to-business dimension) was the most significant differentiating variable in the extent of Internet usage among organizations in which IS plays different roles. Although other performance measures are important in designing an Internet strategy, this suggests that market responsiveness should receive special emphasis, since the Internet's global nature enhances access to new markets.\n      </p>", "The structure of the Internet at the autonomous system (AS) level has been studied by the physics, mathematics and computer science communities. We extend this work to include features of the core and the periphery, taking a radial perspective on AS network structure. New methods for plotting AS data are described, and they are used to analyse datasets that have been extended to contain edges missing from earlier collections. The average distance from one vertex to the rest of the network is used as the baseline metric for investigating radial structure. Common vertex-specific quantities are plotted against this metric to reveal distinctive characteristics of central and peripheral vertices. Two datasets are analysed using these measures as well as two common generative models (Barab\u00e1si-Albert and Inet). We find a clear distinction between the highly connected core and a sparse periphery. We also find that the periphery has a more complex structure than that predicted by degree distribution or the two generative models.\n      </p>", "Standardized survey methods are important for obtaining reliable information on wildlife populations. As a precursor to creating a regional bat-survey (Chiroptera) protocol, we distributed a questionnaire via e-mail to biologists responsible for conducting bat surveys in the United States and Canada. We received 415 responses from 45 states and 7 Canadian provinces or territories. Most of the responses were from western North America. Based on these responses, we characterized the biologists responsible for bat surveys, their objectives and methods, and the habitat types and spatial scales surveyed. Most respondents were government employees, had &lt;5 years of experience working with bats, and had &lt;20% of their professional responsibilities dedicated to bats. Surveys were most likely to occur in forests and at sites $\\leq 1 km^2$ in area. The 3 most important objectives identified by respondents for conducting bat surveys, in rank order, were to 1) create a list of species in an area, 2) monitor presence or abundance of a species at a structure, and 3) determine presence of a single species in an area. Experienced (&gt;10 yr) surveyors tended to employ a wider variety of methods than those with less experience. We discuss how the results of this questionnaire will be used to draft a regional bat-survey protocol to better address the needs of its target audience. Using the Internet to survey the target audience proved to be a very useful step in the development of a standard bat-survey protocol. We believe similar methods should be considered for other taxa as a precursor to creation of standard survey methods.\n      </p>", "While most prior research suggests that the average change in market value of acquiring firms varies closely around zero, recent research grounded in the resource-based view and organizational learning theory identify positive returns to acquirers. We contribute to this literature by focusing on acquisitions of Internet firms and the potential for the transfer of scarce resources. We hypothesize that acquisitions made by offline firms of Internet firms and by Internet firms of other Internet firms lead to positive market valuation for the acquirer. Results of an event study of 798 acquisitions of Internet firms provided support for these predictions. We also find that prior alliances with online firms do not reduce the gains from such acquisitions to offline firms.\n      </p>", "Background: The Internet has emerged as a valuable tool for health information. Half of the U.S. population lacked Internet access in 2001, creating concerns about those without access. Starting in 1999, a survey firm randomly invited individuals to join their research panel in return for free Internet access. This provides a unique setting to study the ways that people who had not previously obtained Internet access use the Internet when it becomes available to them. Methods: In 2001-2002, we surveyed 12,878 individuals 21 years of age and older on the research panel regarding use of the Internet for health; 8935 (69%) responded. We analyzed respondents who had no prior Internet access, and then compared this group to those who had prior Internet access. Results: Among those newly provided free Internet access, 24% had used the Internet for health information in the past year, and users reported notable benefits, such as improved knowledge and self-care abilities. Not surprisingly, the no-prior-Internet group reported lower rates of using the Internet (24%) than the group that had obtained Internet access prior to joining the research panel (40%), but the 2 groups reported similar perceptions of the Internet and self-reported effects. Conclusions: Those who obtained Internet access for the first time by joining the panel used the Internet for health and appeared to benefit from it. Access helps explain the digital divide, although most people given free access do not use the Internet for health information.\n      </p>", "Retraite dans la Ville, retraite de car\u00eame sur Internet organis\u00e9e par les dominicains, illustre bien des aspects de la modernit\u00e9 religieuse. Alors que le but premier de cette retraite \u00e9tait d'attirer ceux qui ne pratiquent pas ou plus, particuli\u00e8rement les jeunes familiaris\u00e9s avec Internet, ce sont plut\u00f4t les cat\u00e9gories d\u00e9j\u00e0 pratiquantes qui participent \u00e0 cet \u00e9v\u00e9nement. Ce site qui apporte la religion \"\u00e0 domicile\" pose la question de l'extramondanit\u00e9 de la religion; si les dominicains, intramondanisent une pratique est-ce parce que toute sortie du monde serait devenue impossible ou sans attrait? On assiste alors \u00e0 l'\u00e9laboration de pratiques religieuses sur Internet caract\u00e9ris\u00e9es par l'anonymat et le d\u00e9sengagement. Internet introduit aussi une dimension virtuelle qui, sans \u00eatre totalement \u00e9trang\u00e8re \u00e0 la religion, est condamn\u00e9e par les autorit\u00e9s religieuses pour la facilit\u00e9 qu'elle entra\u00eene et son absence de contr\u00f4le qui peut renforcer le \"bricolage\" des croyances. /// For instance of religion in the modern age, we can study a suggest of retreat on Internet, Retraite dans la Ville, at the time of Lent. This event is organized by French Dominicans who hope that in this way they get in touch with individuals who otherwise would not make a retreat. But in fact, participants belong to categories of churchgoers and not these of the Net surfers. This retreat poses problem of the \"out of the worldliness\" of Catholicism which seems no longer attractive and the Dominicans are not trying to reverse this tendency. On this website religious practices are elaborated, characterised by easiness and anonymity. Although virtuality is not as remote from religion as it might seem to be, it should not become a part of the institutional practice of the Church, because it cannot be controlled and cannot provide the whole extent of religious practice, and it can confirm \"patching together of beliefs\". /// Retiro en la Ciudad, retiro de Cuaresma en Internet organizado por los dominicanos, ilustra bien ciertos aspectos de la modernidad religiosa. Mientras que el objetivo principal de este retiro era el de atraer a aquellos que no practican o han dejado de practicar, a los j\u00f3venes particularmente, familiarizados con Internet, son m\u00e1s bien las categor\u00edas ya practicantes quienes participan de este hecho. Este sitio, que lleva la religi\u00f3n \"a domicilio\", plantea la cuesti\u00f3n de la extramundanidad de la religi\u00f3n; si los dominicanos intramundanizan una pr\u00e1ctica, \u00bf es porque toda salida del mundo se habr\u00e9a vuelto imposible o sin atractivo? Asistimos entonces a la elaboraci\u00f3n de pr\u00e1cticas religiosas en Internet caracterizadas por el anonimato y la falta de compromiso. Internet introduce tambi\u00e9n una dimensi\u00f3n virtual que, sin ser totalmente extranjera a la religi\u00f3n, es condenada por las autoridades religiosas por la facilidad que conlleva y por su ausencia de control que puede reforzar el \"bricolage\" de las creencias. (Trad. de V\u00e9ronica B\u00e9liveau-Gim\u00e9nez)\n      </p>", "This article tracks the use and growth of Internet citations in the decade 1996-2006. The first citation to an Internet reference appeared in a U.S. Supreme Court opinion in 1996. At the end of the 2005 term, all members of the Court had included Internet citations in opinions, and in recent terms, Internet citations appeared in over one-third of cases decided by the Court. Internet citations are found in a disproportionally large number of dissenting opinions. Internet citations are less permanent than other references, although the percentage of live links in Supreme Court opinions is much higher than that found in studies of Internet citation permanence done in other disciplines. The use of Internet citations is compared to larger trends occurring in what is cited by members of the Court in their opinions. The rise in Internet citations has taken place at a time when citations to nonlegal sources have grown and references to law reviews have declined.\n      </p>", "In an increasing number of European countries, Internet service providers offer free Internet access. Telephone companies are willing to pay these providers based on the amount of traffic they generate. In this paper, we explain these phenomena. We argue that, by offering a contract that pays the provider a certain lump sum conditional on it providing free Internet access, the telephone company solves a double marginalization problem. We analyze this in a simple model in which only the Internet access market is studied, and in a richer model, where the regular telephone market is also taken into account.\n      </p>", "This study examines the experiences of six teachers at three schools in learning about and beginning to implement or enhance project-based learning in their middle school science classrooms using a variety of resources available through the Internet. Data were gathered over a one-year period ending in March, 1996. As a result of their experience, teachers became aware of the possibilities and the problems created by both the nearly unlimited quantity of information available on the Internet and the limited quality and relevance of much of that information. Positive and negative experiences described by teachers and the variety of issues and concerns which they reflect are compared and contrasted, including: unreliability of network connections; potential availability to students of inappropriate resources; consistency of classroom organization structures necessary to facilitate Internet access with normally preferred teaching methods; the dependence of the efficiency and motivational value of project-based units on students' appreciation of the nature and power of the technology; conflict between curriculum space devoted to teaching about technology and that devoted to substantively using the technology to teach about science and related subjects; the \"on call\" convenience of the Internet; the up-to-date nature of much of the scientific information available on the Internet; Internet-based information (versus textbook information) as authoritative yet not impersonal.\n      </p>", "We hypothesize that recent uses of the Internet as a public-participation mechanism in the United States fail to overcome the adversarial culture that characterizes the American regulatory process. Although the Internet has the potential to facilitate deliberative processes that could result in more widespread public involvement, greater transparency in government processes, and a more satisfied citizenry, we argue that efforts to implement Internet-based public participation have overlaid existing problematic government processes without fully harnessing the transformative power of information technologies. Public comments submitted in two United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) rulemaking processes\u2014the National Organic Program's organic standard and the Forest Service's Roadless Area Conservation Rule\u2014compose our data. We conclude that the Internet provides an arena for playing out three types of conflicts that have long plagued environmental decision-making processes: conflicts over trust of federal agencies, the use of science, and the role of public values.\n      </p>", "The Internet has become increasingly important to organizations for certain aspects of electronic commerce. Many organizations have set up Web pages to capture the attention of potential buyers and to develop new business relationships. Others have set up indexing services to provide easy search capabilities to prospective buyers. While the unit search and communication costs have been lowered dramatically by the Internet, the cost of evaluating potential suppliers may still be prohibitive, especially for certain types of products and services. Thus, although the Internet makes it possible to locate a large number of new suppliers, an organizational buyer needs to deploy appropriate supplier-selection strategies (such as sequential evaluation with stopping rules versus bidding systems) that consider all cost elements involved in choosing a vendor. We develop an analytical model that allows a buyer to maximize payoff (net of supplier search, communication, and evaluation costs) from the selection process. We analyze how the nature of the product and the buyer's expectations about supplier characteristics determine whether a sequential evaluation or bidding should be used in the selection process. The Internet, when used in conjunction with the proposed strategies, results in a lower total expected cost to the buyer, even though more suppliers are being evaluated, because a better supplier is selected. We describe how intelligent database searching can further increase the efficiency of the proposed selection strategies. We also develop a minimum requirements announcement mechanism, which makes supplier selection through a bidding strategy economically feasible in situations where legal restrictions may bar the use of sequential evaluation.\n      </p>", "Dans cet article, nous analysons l'\u00e9tat actuel et l'avenir possible du jeu sur Internet au Canada. Gr\u00e2ce au concept de \u00ab cr\u00e9neaux de possibilit\u00e9s \u00bb (\u00ab policy windows \u00bb) de Kingdon, tel que l'a peauf\u00edn\u00e9 Howlett (1998), nous examinons les conjonctures qui pourraient permettre que le jeu sur Internet devienne une priorit\u00e9 en mati\u00e8re de politiques publiques canadiennes. Nous concluons que cela ne pourrait se faire gr\u00e2ce aux voies habituelles, et nous croyons que le ph\u00e9nom\u00e8ne ne retiendra visiblement l'attention des d\u00e9cideurs politiques que s'il est associ\u00e9 \u00e0 un autre probl\u00e8me lie \u00e0 Internet, ou encore \u00e0 une crise qui aurait pour cons\u00e9quence d'amplifier les probl\u00e8mes politiques ou \u00e9conomiques dus au flou qui caract\u00e9rise le statut actuel du jeu sur Internet. This article investigates the current condition and possible future of Internet gambling in Canada. We apply Howlet's (1998) refinement of Kingdon's \"policy windows\" theory to examine four windows of opportunity through which Internet gambling might be placed on the Canadian policy agenda. We conclude that Internet gambling is unlikely to reach the agenda through a routine means; instead, the issue might be recognized by policy-makers through alternative routes such as connection to another Internet-related issue or to a crisis that would intensify the political or economic problems related to the current murky status of online gambling.\n      </p>", "This article reflects upon the ways television changed the political landscape and considers how far new media, such as the Internet, are displacing television or reconfiguring the political communications ecology. The analysis explores opportunities and challenges facing media producers, politicians, and citizens. The authors conclude by suggesting that the television-politics relationship that emerged in the 1960s still prevails to some extent in the digital era but faces new pressures that weaken the primacy of the broadcast-centered model of political communication. The authors identify five new features of political communication that present formidable challenges for media policy makers. They suggest that these are best addressed through an imaginative, democratic approach to nurturing the emancipatory potential of the new media ecology by carving out within it a trusted online space where the dispersed energies, self-articulations, and aspirations of citizens can be rehearsed, in public, within a process of ongoing feedback to the various levels and centers of governance.\n      </p>", "Internet Shopping Agents (ISAs) allow consumers to constlessly search many online retailers and buy as the lowest price. One would expect these ISAs to subject sellers to intense price competition that results in uniform low prices. Yet, Internet retailers have joined these ISAs. Furthermore, the prices charged by inside retailers can vary substantially. We examine the impact of ISAs on market competition. An ISA due to mass of consumers that they can potentially win, while others stay our and extract surplus from their loyal consumers. The equilibrium inside pricing is such that the average price charnged can increase or decrease when more retailers join, depending on whether or not the reach of the ISA is independent of the number of joining retailers. When the reach is endogenous, there exists a unique number of inside retailers.\n      </p>", "Associating ideas related to cultural geographies of 'quality' food production and consumption with recent discussion of Internet technologies, virtuality and simulation, this paper examines two newly constituted Internet enterprises offering customers 'virtual' experiences of food production, and 'quality' food products in which they have invested. The paper shows how these enterprises are associated with particular types of geographical and ethical relation, and a search for 'authentic', connected, relationships with food, farming, locality and 'nature'. These relationships are constituted in an assemblage of things held together by flows of food, products, money and electronic communication. The paper ends by suggesting a number of theoretical ideas that might usefully be explored in empirical research into Internet-mediated food production.\n      </p>", "Internet commerce has the potential to offer customers a better deal compared to purchases by conventional methods in many situations. To make this potential a reality, businesses must focus on the values of their customers. We interviewed over one-hundred individuals about all the pros and cons of using Internet commerce that they experienced or envisioned. The results were organized into twenty-five categories of objectives that were influenced by Internet purchases. These categories were separated into means objectives and fundamental objectives used to describe the bottom line consequences of concern to customers. These results are applicable to designing an Internet commerce system for a business, creating and redesigning products, and increasing value to customers. The set of fundamental objectives also provides the foundation for developing a quantitative model of customer values.\n      </p>", "The frequency of occurrence of certain price points in Internet-based selling in investigated in order to determine what drives the observed regularities and variations. Theories based on consumer perceptions of price and quality images, and on rational inattention to price-endings are explored by specifying and testing empirical models for price-endings using more than 1.5 million daily observations on multiple product categories sold by 90 Internet-based retailers collected over a two-year period. The results show that a firm's on-line reputation and relative price levels affect the price-endings chosen in different product categories, and that 9-ending prices increase consumer purchases. These findings support an image theory of store quality and price. The use of 9-ending prices varies across Internet selling formats in a way consistent with differences in the rational attentiveness these channels engender in consumers. This research on the role of information technology in price-setting provides insights for marketers who wish to optimize price-setting decisions in the competitive environment of Internet retailing.\n      </p>", "Political participation researchers have developed several evaluative techniques to assess the representativeness of political participation patterns. Yet, while the Internet has become a mainstream avenue for political participation in the United States, current assessments of online participation insufficiently apply these methods. To incorporate these methods we begin by drawing upon resource theory to inform two-stage ordered-logit models of online and offline political participation. Our results suggest that the factors predicting online participation often differ from the factors that predict offline participation. Even so, we find that those from higher socioeconomic backgrounds tend to disproportionately possess these distinct online determinants. Next, we use a wide spectrum of political opinion questions to determine whether online participators' opinions reflect or distort those of the general population. Overall, we find that online participation tends to relate moderately with liberal preferences. However, because offline participation relates to political attitudes similarly, the Internet only marginally advantages the political voice of liberals. Finally, we discuss the implications of these results.\n      </p>", "Business-to-consumer (B2C) electronic commerce survived the near-disastrous dot.com market crash in March of 2000 and has emerged as an integral component of doing business. Studies conducted before 2000, when companies had little experience with e-commerce, found that there were differences in pricing strategies and search and menu costs between the Internet and the conventional (brick-and-mortar) channel of distribution. The present study examines pricing data collected during a more mature period when companies routinely used both channels to sell products. The study utilizes data from the Internet and from conventional retailers for a bundle of over-the-counter pharmaceutical products. It finds that prices but not total cost are lower on the Internet, and therefore that shopping for such products on the Internet is likely to be a convenience issue. It also finds, contrary to expectations, that price changes are not more frequent or smaller on the Internet than on the conventional channel, whereas cost and price dispersion are greater. Finally, it discusses the pricing strategies of stores that have both Internet and conventional channels.\n      </p>", "Using the December 1998 and August 2000 CPS Computer and Internet Supplements matched with subsequent CPS files, we ask which types of unemployed workers looked for work on line and whether Internet searchers became reemployed more quickly. In our data, Internet searchers have observed characteristics that are typically associated with shorter unemployment spells, and do spend less time unemployed. This unemployment differential is however eliminated and in some cases reversed when we hold observable characteristics constant. We conclude that either Internet job search is ineffective in reducing unemployment durations, or Internet job searchers are negatively selected on unobservables.\n      </p>", "This paper counters the notion that cyberspace is a placeless electronic sphere through an analysis of British children's use of the Internet. It demonstrates that rather than being accessible from everywhere but existing nowhere, cyberspace is shaped through place-routed cultures, and in particular through processes of Americanization.\n      </p>", "The author analyzes the types of metaphors that are used to describe the Internet in issues of Wired magazine from before and after the dot-com collapse to understand the perceptions and expectations of some of the actors involved in the shaping of the Internet. In addition, the metaphors deployed in economics and geophysiology are used to demonstrate how metaphors can influence public debate, policy, and theory. The author argues that metaphors do not simply have a descriptive function but that they also carry normative connotations. Language, alongside social practices and material objects, is an important tool in attempts to construct the future. Six overlapping metaphorical themes are identified: revolution, evolution, salvation, progress, universalism, and the \"American dream.\" A critical analysis of these metaphors, informed by a critique of the metaphors used in economics and geophysiology, leads the author to challenge the universalist claims made by some Internet enthusiasts for the inclusive potential of the Internet.\n      </p>", "The authors examine the role of the Internet in marketing in the context of business models that are economically viable. This examination raises questions regarding the degree to which the Internet is genuinely different and whether it will be a boon to consumers and investors. Economic necessity associated with the need to obtain and maintain profit streams suggests that Internet markets will likely be more similar to than different from traditional markets. The authors challenge assumptions regarding the role of the Internet in creating frictionless markets that benefit consumers and the role of personal information and privacy on the Internet that are necessary conditions for potentially profitable business models. The authors also discuss subsidization of Internet businesses in the context of public policy and examine other issues related to the relationship of current models of Internet business to public policy and consumer welfare.\n      </p>", "There are an abundance of business ethics resources on the Internet. This paper details Internet resources with the following categories: Ethics Associations and Institutes, Ethics Journals, University Ethics Centers, Business Professions' Code of Conduct, Business Codes of Conduct, and Ethics Cases.\n      </p>", "Purpose The purpose of this study was to explore the moderating effects of heavy versus light shoppers on antecedents of customer's satisfaction and loyalty toward an Internet retailer. Design/Methodology/Approach A model discusses the different mechanisms in building an effective exchange relationship with light versus heavy shoppers was developed and tested using Internet book store as the study object. With the assistance of a marketing research firm, an Internet-based survey was employed to gather information on 375 users of Internet bookstores in Taiwan. Findings The results showed that price/value had a stronger effect on overall satisfaction for light versus heavy shoppers, while trust had a stronger effect on overall satisfaction for heavy versus light shoppers. The study also found that consumers' irreplaceable asset generated from past transaction with a focal Internet retailer had strong effects on their loyalty responses. Implications Understanding of the moderating role of heavy versus light shoppers on satisfaction and loyalty formation helps to advance our theoretical understanding of the different routes of satisfaction and loyalty formation for different shoppers. The results of this study can help to inform the practitioners that price may play a role in drawing light shoppers, while perceived trust of the Internet store is more important in retaining heavy shoppers. It also demonstrated the importance of building asset specificity in increasing customer loyalty. Originality/Value This is one of the first studies to provide evidence of the moderating effects of heavy versus light shoppers on satisfaction and loyalty formation. It explained and tested empirically the different mechanisms of satisfaction and loyalty formation between two groups of consumers.\n      </p>", "We describe a recent project that explored combined use of Internet client-server technology and interactive computer modeling software for improving secondary science teaching. We envisioned a constructivist network in which teachers make contributions to the resources available. The purpose of the network was to promote the emerging field of computer modeling in high school science. Our approach coupled the networking and curricular initiatives with evaluation of changes in classroom core practices\u2014those which have a traceable impact on student learning. Distribution of work, ideology of science, teaching styles, and curricular goals come together dynamically to influence teachers' use of modeling technology in the high school science classroom. A combination of Internet tools, each affording a different contribution to the spread of innovation, provides the best promise for future networks of this kind.\n      </p>", "Theory indicates that frictions (e.g., information and transaction costs) could account for the lower than expected stock market participation rates. This paper examines the hypothesis that there has been a fundamental change in participation and links this change to the reduction of these frictions by the advent of the Internet. Using panel data on household participation rates over the past decade, the results show computer/Internet using households raised participation substantially more than non-computer using households. The increased probability of participation was equivalent to having over $27,000 in additional household income or over two more mean years of education.\n      </p>", "This paper empirically explores the major considerations associated with Internet-enabled e-banking systems and systematically measures the determinants of customer interactions with e-banking services. The results suggest that perceived usefulness, ease of use, security, convenience and responsiveness to service requests significantly explain the variation in customer interactions. Exploratory factor analysis and reliability test indicate that these constructs are relevant and reliable. Confirmatory factor analysis confirms that they possess significant convergent and discriminatory validities. Both perceived usefulness and perceived ease of use have significant impacts on customer interactions with Internet e-banking services. Perceived security, responsiveness and convenience also represent the primary avenues influencing customer interactions. In particular, stringent security control is critical to Internet e-banking operations. Prompt responses to service requests can encourage customers to use Internet e-banking services. The findings have managerial implications for enhancing extant Internet e-banking operations and developing viable Internet e-banking services.\n      </p>", "A price discrimination model is proposed to explain why firms provide extraneous information on Internet sites selling agricultural inputs. Whether an informative site is offered depends on price discrimination potential, which depends on how much farmers reveal heterogeneity by Internet behavior. Price discrimination is greater if information benefits are negatively correlated with farm size (or other characteristics), explaining why extraneous (not product-related) information is offered on Internet sales sites. Price discrimination adversely affects some farmers but may be beneficial on average because it generates free information. Outcomes depend on whether Internet users are aware of price differentials on the basis of clickstream information.\n      </p>", "This study was an exploratory of the Landes initiative to supply all pupils and teachers with portable computers and Internet at school. These surveys involved 817 pupils and parents and produced a response rate of 98% for pupils from the first survey at the beginning of the year and 798 pupils at the end of the year. The approach, which consists of identifying any variances in individual perceptions of technology, was tested in an initial In-Tele research programme in which we were involved. The questionnaire-based survey reveals low usage of information technology in terms of teaching, with no difference between the \"portable\" and test groups. Moving on from the first level study, characterizing the sites and studying their viewing frequency produces the surprising outcome that the very high number of sites viewed actually conceals a much more pessimistic reality about pedagogical uses.\n      </p>", "Objective: To investigate the prevalence and quality of interactive cancer risk sites on the Internet. Methods: A cancer risk site was defined as a website that gave an estimate of the individual risk of developing cancer. Six search engines and one Meta crawler were used to search the Internet for cancer risk sites (including breast, prostate, colon, and lung cancer). A set of defined quality criteria for health related websites was used to evaluate the websites during 2001 and 2002. Results: The number of cancer risk sites, as defined above, increased by 50% between 2001 and 2002. Only two out of 22 cancer risk sites fulfilled the quality criteria adequately. No signs of a change in trend (with regard to the quality criteria met) were noted in January 2005 Conclusions: The overall quality of the documentation on the cancer risk sites was poor and no improvement was seen during the study period. The majority of the cancer risk sites do not give reliable risk estimates.\n      </p>", "When a corporation begins exchanging business transactions over the Internet, the Internet becomes part of the corporate computer network. With access now available not only to the employees, but potentially to anyone else on the Internet, the scope of security concerns expands significantly. A variety of useful security software is available for controlling unauthorized intrusion, data corruption, and other potential vulnerabilities. These controls are subject, however, to vulnerability or inadequacy. The consequent losses can be mitigated by checking their performance periodically. This paper addresses current Internet commerce security problems and outlines selected optimization models and artificial intelligence methods that can be useful in scheduling the monitoring of related controls.\n      </p>", "The Internet has significantly reduced the marginal cost of producing and distributing digital information goods. It also coincides with the emergence of new competitive strategies such as large-scale bundling. In this paper, we show that bundling can create \"economies of aggregation\" for information goods if their marginal costs are very low, even in the absence of network externalities or economies of scale or scope. We extend the Bakos-Brynjolfsson bundling model (1999) to settings with several different types of competition, including both upstream and downstream, as well as competition between a bundler and single good and competition between two bundlers. Our key results are based on the \"predictive value of bundling,\" the fact that it is easier for a seller to predict how a consumer will value a collection of goods than it is to value any good individually. Using a model with fully rational and informed consumers, we use the Law of Large Numbers to show that this will be true as long as the goods are not perfectly correlated and do not affect each other's valuations significantly. As a result, a seller typically can extract more value from each information good when it is part of a bundle than when it is sold separately. Moreover, at the optimal price, more consumers will find the bundle worth buying than would have bought the same goods sold separately. Because of the predictive value of bundling, large aggregators will often be more profitable than small aggregators, including sellers of single goods. We find that these economies of aggregation have several important competitive implications: 1. When competing for upstream content, larger bundlers are able to outbid smaller ones, all else being equal. This is because the predictive value of bundling enables bundlers to extract more value from any given good. 2. When competing for downstream consumers, the act of bundling information goods makes an incumbent seem \"tougher\" to single-product competitors selling similar goods. The resulting equilibrium is less profitable for potential entrants and can discourage entry in the bundler's markets, even when the entrants have a superior cost structure or quality. 3. Conversely, by simply adding an information good to an existing bundle, a bundler may be able to profitably enter a new market and dislodge an incumbent who does not bundle, capturing most of the market share from the incumbent firm and even driving the incumbent out of business. 4. Because a bundler can potentially capture a large share of profits in new markets, single-product firms may have lower incentives to innovate and create such markets. At the same time, bundlers may have higher incentives to innovate. For most physical goods, which have nontrivial marginal costs, the potential impact of large-scale aggregation is limited. However, we find that these effects can be decisive for the success or failure of information goods. Our results have particular empirical relevance to the markets for software and Internet content and suggest that aggregation strategies may take on particular relevance in these markets.\n      </p>", "Objectives: To estimate the number and geographic location of web sites selling cigarettes in the USA, and to examine their sales and marketing practices. Methods: Comprehensive searches were conducted using four keyword terms and five popular internet search engines, supplemented by sites identified in a news article. Over 1800 sites were examined to identify 88 internet cigarette vendors. Measures: Trained raters examined the content of each site using a standardised coding instrument to assess geographic location, presence of warnings, products sold, and promotional strategies. Setting: USA. Results: Internet cigarette vendors were located in 23 states. Nearly half (n = 43) were located in New York state, and many were in tobacco producing states with low cigarette excise taxes. Indian reservations housed 49 of the 88 sites. Only 28.4% of sites featured the US Surgeon General's health warnings and 81.8% featured minimum age of sale warnings. Nearly all sites (96.6%) sold premium or value brand cigarettes, 21.6% sold duty-free Marlboros, and 8.0% sold bidis. Approximately one third featured special promotional programmes. Conclusions: Internet cigarette vendors present new regulatory and enforcement challenges for tobacco control advocates because of the difficulty in regulating internet content and because many vendors are on Indian reservations.\n      </p>", "By comparing major online activities in China and South Korea, this article analyzes how the leaders of China and South Korea have influenced the use of the Internet and how the Internet has made it possible for individuals and groups to have their views reflected in policy making processes.\n      </p>", "A pilot on-line course on amphibians was offered free to 20 educators around the United States in 1999. This course, called Helping Your Local Amphibians (HYLA), was the first of its kind on-line course for educators dealing with amphibian issues. It also used these animals as a focus to teach about the environment. The course lasted 9 weeks with some additional time for continued discussions and used various aspects of Internet technology (including a virtual conference center), media, and traditional paper-based products to complete the learning process. Five teachers were selected to attend a national amphibian summit hosted by the Center for Global Environmental Education, Hamline University, St. Paul, MN. The course was aimed primarily at upper elementary and middle school teachers, but participants included formal and nonformal educators. For the most part, educators expressed satisfaction with the course and the content, as well as the structure of the web site. For 80% of the group, this was their first Internet-based course. In addition, as part of the course, the educators were expected to take some action with their primary audiences to help local amphibian populations. This mainly took the form of surveys or habitat clean-ups. The development of the course was underwritten by grants from the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Best Buy Children's Foundation, and Hamline University.\n      </p>", "The incredible diffusion of the Internet is ushering in a new era of possibilities for nonprofit organizations to engage with and be responsive to their core stakeholders, yet little is known of the range and extent of such practices. To enhance our understanding of these increasingly important yet understudied phenomena, we conduct a comprehensive study of 117 community foundations' Web-based stakeholder responsiveness practices. Our examination of four key dimensions of online responsiveness reveals a number of best practices and areas of untapped potential. We argue that online stakeholder responsiveness is increasingly a strategic concern; to successfully fulfill their mission, organizations thus need to consider seriously the amount and interactivity of the content they target at each of their core constituents.\n      </p>", "It comes as no surprise that persons in leadership roles face many decisions related to providing distance learning experiences, especially ones centered on the Internet. In this paper we will try to focus upon leadership issues that arose during the creation and offering of an Internet-based course for high school chemistry teachers. One of us served as the department chair, another as the professor of record and course designer, and the third as a researcher who developed a systematic case study of the course.\n      </p>", "In the years 2000 and 2001, almost 800 Internet-based firms went out of business. Consistent with the management literature on organizational failure, factors that contributed to the collapse of dot.com firms were either internal (e.g., poor strategic planning, inexperienced management, inactive board of directors) or external (e.g., lack of available resources and marketplace competition). Short case studies of two recent dot.com closures reveal that they did not fail for any one reason but for a combination of reasons. Not surprisingly, 31 dot.coms that had either gone public or were about to go public before they failed were young, small to medium sized, had never made a profit and were likely to run out of cash in just over a year's time. Contrary to popular belief, the chief executive officers of failed dot.coms were middleaged and well educated. Boards of failed dot.coms were small and had less outside representation than customary. A majority of failed firms were founded by more than one individual.\n      </p>", "The ethical governance of the global Internet is an accelerating global phenomenon. A key paradox of the global Internet is that it allows individual and collective decision making to co-exist with each other. Open source software (OSS) communities are a globally accelerating phenomenon. OSS refers to groups of programs that allow the free use of the software and further the code sharing to the general and corporate users of the software. The combination of private provision and public knowledge and software, and the seeming paradox of economic versus social motivations have stimulated a wide debate between researchers and policymakers. In this article, we analyze OSS communities from the viewpoint of \"intrinsic motivation,\" knowledge creation, and collective Internet governance. We believe that the growth of global OSS has fundamental implications for business ethics and the governance of the global Internet in the twenty-first century.\n      </p>", "L'\u00e9tude de la controverse autour des T\u00e9moins de J\u00e9hovah sur le web francophone, rapport\u00e9e \u00e0 l'\u00e9tude dans son ensemble, permet de montrer l'int\u00e9r\u00eat des recherches sur Internet. Elle r\u00e9v\u00e8le l'apparition de nouveaux acteurs et de nouvelles formes de contestation internes ou ext\u00e9rieures \u00e0 l'organisation j\u00e9hoviste. L'anonymat procur\u00e9 par Internet rend inop\u00e9rants les moyens de contr\u00f4le habituel et l'organisation ne parvient plus \u00e0 juguler la multiplication des sites personnels et des forums de discussion anim\u00e9s par des t\u00e9moins de J\u00e9hovah. Un groupe de pression interne \u00e0 l'organisation appara\u00eet sur le web, ainsi que d'autres associations constitud\u00e9es d'anciens t\u00e9moins de J\u00e9hovah et qui entrent dans la controverse par le biais de sites web o\u00f9 ils exposent leurs arguments. Internet donne une certaine visibilit\u00e9 \u00e0 ces nouvelles formes de contestation et complique le travail du chercheur. /// The study of Jehovah's Witnesses controversy on the French-speaking Web, compares to the study of the all controversy, legitimates the researches which consider Internet as an interesting object of study. It reveals the appearance of new actors and new shapes of dispute inside and outside Jehovah's Witnesses' organization. The anonymity gotten by Internet makes indeed inoperative the usual methods of control and the organization does not manage to suppress the multiplication of Jehovah's Witnesses' websites. Internet gives a visibility to these new forms of dispute and complicates the work of researchers. /// En la intersecci\u00f3n entre lo pol\u00edtico y lo religioso, el estudio de la controversia alrededor de los Testigos de Jehov\u00e1 en Francia nos permite volver sobre el contexto social en el cual las estrategias de este actor religioso se despliegan. El estudio de esta controversia en la web franc\u00f3fona revela m\u00e1s particularmente la aparici\u00f3n y el crecimiento de grupos de presi\u00f3n internos a la organizaci\u00f3n de los Testigos. El anonimato proporcionado por Internet vuelve, en efecto, inoperantes a los sistemas de control y de monopolio de la palabra implementados por la jerarqu\u00eda de los Testigos, como lo testimonia la explosi\u00f3n de sitios \"personales\" animados por fieles activos de la organizaci\u00f3n. La generalizaci\u00f3n del uso de Internet en las sociedades occidentales vuelve igualmente posible para los militantes de las asociaciones de v\u00edctimas de las sectas opuestas a los Testigos de Jehov\u00e1 una nueva forma de compromiso \"distanciado\", que no es menos intenso y que transforma en profundidad el contexto de la controversia. (Trad. de V\u00e9ronica B\u00e9liveau-Gim\u00e9nez)\n      </p>", "The Internet provides an unprecedented capability for sellers to learn about their customers and offer custom products at special prices. In addition, customization is more feasible today because of advances in manufacturing technologies that have improved sellers' manufacturing flexibility. We first develop a model of product customization and flexible pricing to incorporate the salient roles of the Internet and flexible manufacturing technologies in reducing the costs of designing and producing tailored consumer goods. We show how a monopoly seller may earn the highest profits by producing both standard and custom products and can raise prices for both types of products as customization and information collection technologies improve. Simultaneous adoption of customization in a duopoly reduces the differentiation between their standard products but does not intensify price competition. Compared with a two-facility monopolist, the duopoly may underinvest in customization. Consumer surplus improves after sellers adopt customization but does not monotonically increase as customization technologies advance. When firms face a fixed entry cost and adopt customization sequentially, the first entrant always achieves an advantage and may be able to deter subsequent entry by choosing its customization scope strategically.\n      </p>", "The Internet Demand Experiment (INDEX) is a market experiment to measure demand for Internet access as a function of Quality of Service (QoS), pricing scheme and application. INDEX subjects choose their desired network services from a menu of QoS-price offerings, which currently consists of different bandwidth-price choices, and they pay for their usage of the network services. The approximately 70 subjects currently in the experiment include faculty, staff and students of the University of California, Berkeley. This paper describes the objectives and experimental design and summarizes the findings to date from the first four experiments conducted under the INDEX project. This paper also characterizes the INDEX subject pool using demographic data collected. Overall, the INDEX findings indicate that usage is responsive to price signals, although the degree of responsiveness varies widely across users. The INDEX findings also show that the INDEX subject pool is heterogeneous in many respects, including individual-specific valuations of time and convenience. In addition, we conclude that users prefer a pricing scheme in which they pay a flat-rate for basic service and have access to higher bandwidths that they can use on demand. We also find that when usage is free of marginal usage charges, users tend to transmit significantly greater volume than when usage is priced at the margin, which lends further support to the implementation of the suggested pricing scheme.\n      </p>", "This article seeks to explore how a social learning environment can be constructed that uses IT and the Internet. Based on interviews and observations made during two experiments concerning IT and senior citizens in Denmark, the article examines how these experiments make the link between senior citizens and the Internet. In particular, the cases show how IT, as it is used in the social experiments, can be applied to construct empowerment properties and thereby enable \"active citizenship\" for seniors.\n      </p>", "the rapid growth of internet usage has led to an explosion of social networking sites for discussion of health issues. This provides a forum for subjects to communicate with one another during the course of the studies. Previous studies have raised concerns about the quality of health information on social networking sites, although none have evaluated content related to ongoing clinical trials. We reviewed material posted in virtual communities by self-identified clinical trial participants. We identified material posted in online health forums that could introduce bias into clinical research studies; we believe that this issue warrants further study and discussion. Physicians and others who conduct clinical trials should be aware of this issue. Study investigators and research teams should also talk to their study subjects about where and how they are obtaining information in order to prevent behaviors and correct misinformation that could put a subject's safety or the study objectives at risk. Given the rapid increase in Internet use for health care, a broader evaluation of both the benefits and potential risks of social networking among research participants during the course of a clinical trial appears warranted.\n      </p>", "This study examines whether some types of dispositional trust/distrust concepts are better than other types at inducing consumers to trust a Web advice provider. We propose and test a model in which dispositional trust and distrust concepts are given separate roles. This unique approach is based on the growing, but untested theoretical consensus that trust and distrust are separate concepts that co-exist yet differ in terms of their emotional makeup. While trust concepts tend to be calm and collected, distrust concepts embody significant levels of fear and insecurity. Based on this difference, we propose that dispositional distrust concepts will be better predictors of high-risk Internet legal advice site perceptions, while the corresponding trust concepts will be better predictors of low-risk Internet legal advice site perceptions. As proposed, the study finds that dispositional trust better predicts low-risk perceptions, while dispositional distrust better predicts high-risk perceptions. For e-commerce advice site research, the findings of this article suggest that perhaps scholars should not only study dispositional trust but also dispositional distrust.\n      </p>", "This study examined the level of instructional use of Internet among science teachers involved with an in-service professional development project. An instrument on Level of Use of innovation was modified for the study. A criterion sample of teachers to be interviewed via telephone was randomly selected from a pool of 347 K-12 teachers. Somers' d and contingency coefficients were determined to see whether any relationship exists between a teacher's Level of Use and the following categories: (a) amount of experience with the Internet; (b) availability of resources support and access to the Internet in classroom and at home; (c) number of teacher and student users at school, (d) gender; and (e) type of school. Results of step-wise multiple regression indicate that classroom access, instructional experience of using Internet with students, availability of resource support and number of teacher users at school are the best predictors of teacher's Level of Use. Chi square test for comparisons between groups of completers and noncompleters of On-Line West Virginia K-12 RuralNet courses also revealed that a lack of classroom access to Internet and lack of resource/technical support at school contributed significantly to lower level of use among noncompleters.\n      </p>", "Dynamic pricing mechanisms occur on the Internet when buyers and sellers negotiate the final transaction price for the exchange of goods or services. These mechanisms are used in online auctions (e.g., eBay.com, uBid.com) and name-yourown-price (Priceline.com) formats, for example. The current research studies the dynamics of one instance of dynamic pricing\u2014group-buying discounts\u2014used by MobShop.com, whose products' selling prices drop as more buyers place their orders. We collect and analyze changes in the number of orders for MobShop-listed products over various periods of time, using an econometric model that reflects our understanding of bidder behavior in the presence of dynamic pricing and different levels of bidder participation. We find that the number of existing orders has a significant positive effect on new orders placed during each three-hour period, indicating the presence of a positive participation externality effect. We also find evidence for expectations of falling prices, a price drop effect This occurs when the number of orders approaches the next price drop level and the price level for transacting will fall in the near future. The results also reveal a significant ending effect, as more orders were placed during the last three-hour period of the auction cycles. We also assess the efficacy of group-buying business models to shed light on the recent failures of many group-buying Web sites.\n      </p>"], "words": {"government,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "all": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "dynamic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "issues": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "depend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "producing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "segments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 40, "prob": 0.0003312505952159133}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advantage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "far": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "choice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "every": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "car": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "enhance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurrence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "educators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implemented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "deeply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "networks": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "access": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "experiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sobre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conduct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "firms": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "increasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seeks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "counters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multivariate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explosion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exchange": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "men": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hundreds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behaviour": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tracks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "search": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "economics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "binomial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "social": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "antecedents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "implement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industry,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purchases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marginal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forums": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aberrant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "negative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "governance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "properties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distributing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standardized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "becomes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "about": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "instructional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "word": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indicates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "science": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "des": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "learn": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "making": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "providers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "december": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sphere": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "want": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "educational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monitoring": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "democracy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discussion": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "holds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "magazine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "varies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inputs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "influenced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entrepreneurship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sustainability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explored": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "date": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ethics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sellers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "types": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "a": {"number": 24, "prob": 0.00019875035712954797}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "light": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "or": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "fundamental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "media": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "six": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "over": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "years": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "paper": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roots": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "before": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "portable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapidly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "la": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "versus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "views": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "year,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discuss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "represents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "directories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "identified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possibilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heavy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reactions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significantly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "globe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sexual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "network": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internet": {"number": 64, "prob": 0.0005300009523454613}, "surprise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "viable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "free": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beginning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "british": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twenty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nonprofit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retail": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "south": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "major": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "organize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "electronic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "millions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "service": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "privacy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "their": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "realization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "final": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "centered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "begins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "television": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rugged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dans": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "project": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "providing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exhibit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pupils": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploratory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "client": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "take": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "online": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "objective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "worldwide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "posits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experienced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "who": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mouth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "model": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "especially": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "considered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "average": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "popularity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "face": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "points": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "notion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dot": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emerging": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "phenomenon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "partners": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "with": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "explain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "media,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lauded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tude": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diffusion": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "network,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uncontested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "publicity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hiv": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retraite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "de": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "expectation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abundance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ones": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nearly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "closely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commerce,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "partir": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "banking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "art": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "culture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sport": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inequalities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sites": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "behind": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "un": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "progress": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "korea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "era": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "group": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "autonomous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perceptions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "countries,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "context": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "china": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 35, "prob": 0.0002898442708139241}, "supply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initiative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "article": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "trust": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tremendous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "discrimination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "citations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "combined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meeting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gap": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commerce": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "publicly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reliable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "teachers": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "k": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "almost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "engaged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traffic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "in": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "technology": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "examine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "author": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perhaps": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "threatens": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "retailing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "products": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "negotiate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "persons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wired": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "internet,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "changing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "transaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "older": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dimensions,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 116, "prob": 0.0009606267261261485}, "corporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "researchers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "web": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "buyers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapid": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "grounded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "usage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "unprecedented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "real": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aspects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "around": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possible": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "arab": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "emergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accelerating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "true": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "t": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "security": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methods": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "deal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "l": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "martial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "pricing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leaders": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "students": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "landscape": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "core": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "marketing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conventional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leadership": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "individualism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "wildlife": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goods": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 83, "prob": 0.00068734498507302}, "industry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extensions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mixed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "metaphors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considerations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtaining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moderating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "networking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "was": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "offer": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "be": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "evaluative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "economic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "minor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adults": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "certain": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describe": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "an": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "engineering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "modeling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "constructed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cyberspace": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "digital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "important": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "studied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "today": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "e": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "age": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "situations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}