{"total_words": 1363, "documents": ["In this paper I explore the role of public statuary in constructing a heroic analysis of the past through an examination of the centenary celebrations staged to commemorate the 1798 rebellion in Ireland. Monuments entered the area of public, secular space in Ireland mainly during the nineteenth century. It was not until the latter decades of that century that nationalist statuary, which sought to elaborate Ireland's quest for political independence, emerged. The significance of these monuments rests, I argue, in their popular appeal and the debates that surrounded their construction and unveiling. Although an alliance of nationalist interests was achieved during the centenary celebrations, this paper emphasizes the tentative nature of that alliance and the gendered iconography and discourse surrounding the statues themselves.\n      </p>", "Expenditure on healthcare in Ireland, which is mainly derived from taxation, has increased considerably in recent years to an estimated \u20ac 9.2 billion in 2003. Pharmaceuticals account for approximately 10% of total healthcare expenditure. Approximately one-third of patients receive their medications free of charge whilst the remaining two-thirds are subject to a co-payment threshold of \u20ac 78 per month, i.e. \u20ac 936 per year. The price of medications in Ireland is linked to those of five other member states where the price to the wholesaler of any medication will not exceed the lesser of the currency-adjusted wholesale price in the United Kingdom or the average of wholesale prices in Denmark, France, Germany, The Netherlands and the United Kingdom. A price freeze at the introduction price has been in existence since 1993. Despite the price freeze, expenditure on medicines on the community drugs scheme has increased from \u20ac 201 million in 1993 to \u20ac 898 million in 2002. The two main factors contributing to the increased expenditure on medicines include \"product mix\", the prescribing of new and more expensive medication, and \"volume effect\" comprising growth in the number of prescription items. Changing demographics and the extension of the General Medical Services (GMS) Scheme to provide free medicines for all those over the age of 70 years have also contributed. Prior to reimbursement under the community drugs schemes, a medicine must be included in the GMS code book or positive list. A demonstration of cost-effectiveness is not a pre-requisite for reimbursement.\n      </p>", "Multivariate land classification and land cover mapping by aerial photographic interpretation were used to model spatial variation of land cover in the Wicklow Mountains, Ireland and to structure a stratified random sampling programme of upland blanket bog vegetation. The total area of blanket bog with gully-erosion features was estimated as 33% of the area studied. Vegetation with hand peat-cutting patterns was estimated at 5%, and there was 35% undissected (intact) vegetation. There were differences between land classes in the estimated area of land cover with gully-erosion features or hand peat-cutting patterns. Sample vegetation quadrats, stratified by land class and aerial photographic land cover type, were grouped by their plant species composition. The groups represented ombrotrophic mire, soligenous mire and shrub heath vegetation. There was significant association between vegetation group and land class, related to variation in regional landscape type, but no significant association between vegetation group and the aerial photographic land cover types, undissected (intact) and dissected (gullied and cut-over) peats. It is proposed that the similarity of vegetation between undissected and dissected blanket bog is related to vegetation regeneration. The need to consider differences in vegetation distribution, composition and dynamics in ecological management strategies is emphasised. The study demonstrated the value of stratified random field sampling for cost-efficient regional ecological assessment in upland blanket bog landscapes typified by the Wicklow mountains, Ireland.\n      </p>", "This study examines some features of symbolism, originally encountered in New Ireland by Hortense Powdermaker and other early ethnographers. It aims to reconstruct certain features of the symbolic grammar of this Melanesian society as they might have been before modernization transformed social life. The essay concerns a plaited nonfigurative malanggan object used in death and memorial rituals. It suggests that this artefact was an iconic symbol with reference to one of two cultural modalities, each with a different dominant presupposition. The object implied a vision of a universe of pure uterine belonging in a world without men.\n      </p>", "Space is manipulated for political purposes in a great variety of ways, and its restructuring is frequently a focus of conflict. The nature of such conflict is explored here. Legislation requires that all parliamentary constituencies in the United Kingdom are periodically reviewed by independent Boundary Commissions. The Fourth Periodic Review in Northern Ireland began in 1993 and coincided with a period of intense political activity, associated with what was commonly termed 'the peace process'. Political parties, anxious to ensure that the resulting boundaries favoured their partisan interests (and, in the case of Sinn Fein, keen to establish their democratic bona fides), invested considerable effort in their attempts to influence the outcome. The Commissions' recommendations became the subject of claim and counter-claim regarding bias towards one or other of the province's two main communities - Nationalist and Unionist - and as a result of that conflict, they were revised with priority given to a different criterion. This paper evaluates those claims with a close inspection of the redistricting process, illustrating how an ostensibly non-partisan process is partisan in both its conduct and its outcome.\n      </p>", "Starch granules and raphides were identified on the surfaces of undecorated Lapita pottery sherds from the Kamgot site, New Ireland, c. 3300 BP. The microbotanical remains provide direct evidence for on-site plant-processing. Preliminary identification of the residues based on their morphology suggests they are from the aroid, Colocasia esculenta (taro), but further analysis is required to confirm this identification.\n      </p>", "This historically inclined study examines features of habitation and domestic symbolism originally encountered in fieldwork in New Ireland in 1929-1930 by Hortense Powdermaker. It aims to reconstruct important aspects of early social life with a focus on houses as mundane institutions and expressive devices. The examination concerns the organization of shelter into continuous groups and social communities. Men's houses and women's houses stood out as symbolic topoi, each evoking a main cultural modality. The respective iconic narrations of these two possible worlds offered radically different solutions to the existential problem of continuity.\n      </p>", "The trend towards greater concentration and the patterns of spatial change in farm enterprises are investigated for 1960-80, which was a period of rapid modernization in the agriculture of the Republic of Ireland. All enterprises occurred on a smaller proportion of holdings, and the scale of each enterprise at the farm level increased substantially. The pronounced spatial changes are examined with respect to tillage, cows, beef cattle, sheep, horses, pigs and poultry. The nature of change and the influences involved varied by individual enterprise but there were strong general trends towards greater localization of enterprises and towards increased divergence between their individual distributions. Some economic, environmental and policy implications of these trends are considered.\n      </p>", "B\u00e1s i-nEirinn\" [\"To die in Ireland\"] is a Gaelic drinking toast whose resonance is explored in this case study of the relation of meaning and power. By viewing death as opportunity as well as problem, I interpret varying cultural constructions of Irish death in light of the historical dialectic between the Catholic Church and popular practice. Whereas the Church has generally assumed control of the ritualization of death, there are also striking examples of creative popular responses, including re-adaptation of older popular occasions (American wakes) and even appropriation of Church forms for popular purposes (the IRA funeral).\n      </p>", "The vascular flora on twenty-nine lake islands in Lough Corrib, western Ireland was surveyed in 1992-93. Thirteen of these islands had been surveyed by the author in 1974 (Roden, 1979). Data on species-area curves and species turnover between 1974 and 1992 are presented. Species numbers on each island did not change greatly in the 18-year interval and extinctions were most common on smaller islands. It is known that six of the islands surveyed are less than 150 years old and their flora must have immigrated over open water during that period. It is shonw that this group of species has a different log species/log area regression than the remaining flora, with a much shallower slope (low Z value). The proportion of less widespread species was greatest on islands nearest to the mainland. The implication of different slopes in different species groups and the restriction of turnover to rare species is discussed with reference to the island Theory of Biogeography.\n      </p>", "Capitalism remains an important subject for modern-world archaeologists. Symbolic violence offers an insightful avenue of inquiry into the capitalist project because it allows for a further understanding of dominant power and its effects. A case study of two early nineteenth-century Irish tenant-farmer cabins, in light of the Enlightenment theory of improvement, offers insights on the archaeological dimensions of symbolic violence and its resistance.\n      </p>", "This paper discusses some aspects of foreign language learning within the divided school system of Northern Ireland. It is argued that an improvement of foreign language learning must be seen in a sociocultural context whereby a change in attitudes to languages in general, including Irish, may lead not only to a balanced interest among girls and boys in the language classroom, but also to a more tolerant approach to the cultural differences among the Catholic and Protestant communities.\n      </p>", "This article, based mainly on oral history research carried out in the 1990s, argues that the questions we ask of the past can yield ambiguous information which is difficult to interpret. Finding out that women of the house in 1920s-1960s Ireland worked hard, often controlled the money and made the decisions, tells us little about their every day lives. When women surrendered economic independence for marriage - as progressively fewer of them were inclined to do, from the mid-1940s - they often prioritized comfort over control, and found some kinds of spousal help and involvement better than others.\n      </p>", "Tide-gauge records from the north of Ireland have been digitized to generate annual estimates of both mean-sea-level (MSL) position from Malin Head (1958-1998), and mean tidal level (MTL) from Belfast Harbour (1918-2002). Both sites exhibit substantial annual variation, but show overall long-term shallow rates of falling relative sea-level change (RSLC) that are very similar at -0.2 mm a\u207b\u00b9 (\u00b10.37 mm a\u207b\u00b9) for Belfast and -0.16 mm a\u207b\u00b9 (\u00b10.17 mm a\u207b\u00b9) for Malin. Using these rates as constraints, plus other constraints of inferred RSLC rates from the mid-Holocene, an approximation of the likely profile of RSLC rates for the northeast of Ireland since 6 ka ago is presented.\n      </p>", "A classic case where out-migration interacted with many other geographical phenomena is provided by rural Ireland in the nineteenth century. The apparent turning point was the Great Famine of the 1840s, but the areas with the greatest suffering from starvation did not necessarily show the greatest population decline, suggesting that other forces were active. Considerable economic and social changes were already taking place before the Famine: fertility was being reduced, later marriage was becoming established and considerable emigration was already taking place. Immediately after the Famine those areas which had been hardest hit often reverted to pre-Famine conditions and did not show strong population decline until the 1870s. The Famine was a most serious event, but the modernization of Irish rural life, which linked emigration with changes in family structure, agriculture and population numbers, was more important in bringing about geographical change.\n      </p>", "The Tabar Group of New Ireland is well known for its malagan art tradition, but its rock art has not been previously reported. Consisting mainly of engraved boulders sited in stream beds, the rock art of Tabar bears only occasional resemblance to rock art reported elsewhere from New Ireland. Some sites are currently in use as reference points marking the boundary between clan lands, others are more enigmatic. This paper describes the rock art of Tabar and outlines connections with rock art found elsewhere in the Province. Where applicable the relationships between rock art and the malagan and masalai art traditions of Tabar are explored.\n      </p>", "In 1998 a historic agreement, commonly known as the Belfast or Good Friday Agreement, formed the basis of a negotiated settlement for the future of Northern Ireland. Since that time the level of violence in Northern Ireland has reduced but many problematic issues related to governance, sectarianism, and community relations remain on the political agenda and have destabilized the post-peace accord environment. Many of these issues can be viewed as either causes or consequences of the protracted conflict in Northern Ireland. This special issue examines some of these issues from a political psychology perspective. Economic, political, social, and psychological factors that have supported and hindered progress towards peace and stability are considered. While the paramilitary ceasefires have remained intact and certain aspects of life in Northern Ireland have been transformed, the road to peace has been hindered by both political and psychological intransigence. This paper offers an opportunity to reevaluate conceptualisations of conflict and its management in chronic situations, where divisions are deeply embedded within societal structures and relationships, and consider factors that may act as barriers to the development of a lasting peace.\n      </p>", "The distribution and ecology of the littoral freshwater Chydoridae in Irish waterbodies were investigated. A total of 316 samples was taken at 287 substrate classified sampling sites throughout the Republic of Ireland, and representatives of thirty-two chydorid taxa were collected. Minimum variance clustering and principal components analysis (PCA) of the data set allowed the recognition of three geographically distinct sampling site groups: Western, Central Lowlands and Countrywide. Seven Groups of chydorid taxa were identified on the basis of their total frequencies of occurrence, the frequency of co-occurrence of the taxa and occurrence on substrates. Several taxa were shown to have distributions restricted to particualr lake groups.\n      </p>", "Aim Investigate: (1) the role of human impact in shaping the landscape and particularly the initiation of blanket bog; (2) the short-lived abrupt changes and their causation; (3) the phenomenon of large-scale upland peat erosion to answer the question of when and why erosion of upland blanket peat commenced in the Connemara uplands. Location Lough Maumeen in the Maumeen Gap, Connemara, Western Ireland. Methods Pollen, sedimentary analysis and 14C dating on the lake sediment cores. Results Pollen diagrams, charcoal fragments, bulk and dry densities, mineral content (or loss-on-ignition), whole core magnetic susceptibility, specific magnetic susceptibility for the core profile. Main conclusions Pine-dominated woodland developed from 9250 BP. Human activities effected the deforestation between 5050-4000 BP. Peat bog initiated on the wet hollow ground in the gap during the elm decline. The major expansion of blanket bog landscape in the upland commenced at 4000 BP following immediately the Taxus decline. Human impact was the dynamic force responsible for the destruction of the woodland and the formation of blanket bog in the upland. Three episodes of short-lived erosion events were identified between 8650-8400 BP, 5450-5250 BP, and 600-200 cal. BP, respectively. They are very different from each other in their causation. Large-scale peat erosion is a recent phenomenon. It has been caused by intensive sheep grazing, which has been extended to the upland blanket bogs since the late eighteen century.\n      </p>", "Aim: Climate change has the potential to have significant impacts on the distribution of species and on the composition of habitats. This paper identifies the potential changes in the future distribution of species under the UKCIP98 climate change scenarios, in order that such changes can be taken into account in conservation management. Location: The model was applied to Britain and Ireland. Methods: A model based on an artificial neural network was used to predict the changing bioclimate envelopes of species in Britain and Ireland. Fifty-four species representing 15 habitats were modelled. Results: The modelled species could be placed into three categories: those losing suitable climate space, those gaining it, and those showing little or no change. When the species were associated with habitats it was found that Arctic-Alpine/montane heath communities were the most sensitive to climate change, followed by pine woodland and beech woodland in southern England. In lowland heath, wet heath, cereal field margins, coastal grazing marsh, drought-prone acid grassland and calcareous grassland, the species either showed little change or an increase in suitable climate space. The other eight habitats showed a mixed response. Conclusions: The species show a variety of responses to climate change and thus their current habitat associations may alter. The uncertain future of some species and habitats is highlighted. Conservation policy and practice will need to be revised in the face of climate change.\n      </p>", "While Northern Ireland experiences relative peace and political stability, its violent past is normalized in murals and commemorations, the language and posturing of opposition politics, segregated communities and social life. In \u201cpost-conflict\u201d Northern Ireland, children and youth disproportionately experience paramilitary-style attacks and routine sectarian violence. The violence of poverty and restricted opportunities within communities debilitated by three decades of conflict is masked by a discourse of social, economic and political progress. Drawing on qualitative research, this paper illustrates the continued legacy and impacts of violence on the lives of children and youth living in post-ceasefire Northern Ireland. It discusses the prominence of violence\u2014sectarian, racist, political, \u201ceveryday,\u201d domestic, \u201cinformal\u201d\u2014in young people's accounts and the impacts on their safety, sense of belonging, identity formation, use of space and emotional well-being. The paper concludes by challenging narrow and reductionist explanations of violence, arguing the need to contextualize these within local, historical, political, cultural and material contexts.\n      </p>", "Sustained scholarly interest in the malanggan carvings of New Ireland has achieved consensus regarding the social, political, and economic functions of the ceremonies in which they are used but inconclusive interpretations of the iconography of the art objects themselves continue. This paper finds an interpretation of recurring motifs in a reexamination of early reports, published and unpublished, of former burial customs. The perspective presented here supports but cannot confirm informants' insistence that the carvings are not religious but just pictures. No conclusions are reached regarding pre-or post-Christian beliefs in general, but doubt is cast on their role in malanggan art. Some theoretical implications and further research directions are suggested.\n      </p>", "To date, Northern Ireland is the only part of the United Kingdom to adopt the CORINE land cover approach--as part of an all-Ireland project for the EC. The land cover classification of the island, derived from Landsat TM imagery, at a scale of 1:100,000 is held in an ARC/INFO database. The EC intend that the land cover database should inform their environment and regional development policies and should be widely available. The project was led by the Ordnance Survey of Ireland, organized in several phases and sub-contracted to co-ordinated teams drawn from government and universities. The project is outlined and its successes and problems discussed, for example (i) a Mediterranean bias in the CORINE nomenclature, (ii) lack of clear rules to define classes, (iii) the need for Level 4 subdivisions to avoid broad generalizations (pasture and peat bog) and (iv) lack of mixed natural vegetation classes. These problems are discussed through examining the application of CORINE classes to agriculture, forest and semi-natural areas, and wetlands in the north of Ireland.\n      </p>", "As institutions established to administer the penal exile of British imperial subjects, the historic gaols of Australia and Ireland are linked by a painful legacy of involuntary transportation. Today, outstanding examples of these prisons are conserved and publicly presented as monuments of national significance. This paper considers material meanings associated with these unusual heritage places. Given their explicit historic association with British imperial power, what role do heritage prisons play in the formation of a postcolonial affiliation or consciousness? This paper will consider how heritage prisons have come to embody the emotive links of longing and belonging forged between the modern nations of Ireland and Australia.\n      </p>", "This research note uses Hermann's personality-at-a-distance (PAD) method and applies it to negotiating behavior. Gerry Adams's personality and its effect upon his negotiating behavior in the current peace process in Northern Ireland is used as an illustration of the expanded application of PAD in a negotiating context.\n      </p>", "In 1932, Ireland had one of the worst tuberculosis death rates in the world. Many people, particularly in country districts, were frightened to even talk about the disease and the government was reluctant either to admit there was a problem or to take any action. This article looks at how people coped with a disease with no real cure in a developing country with an inadequate health service. It assesses the importance of oral history as a medium for research and attempts to establish whether the stigma of the disease was a major factor in people's perceptions and attitudes towards it. From this sample it seems the people who were least stigmatized by tuberculosis are those most likely to speak of their experiences.\n      </p>", "Using the case of a deeply divided society (Northern Ireland) in the aftermath of a major peace accord, this article combines two methodological approaches to assess the public reception of the peace accord and its impact on intergroup competition. The social psychological concept of esteem (central to social identity theory) and time-series data are used to assess intergroup relations between Protestant-unionists and Catholic-nationalists in Northern Ireland in the wake of the 1998 peace accord. By illustrating the disparity of esteem between the two main politico-religious groups, the article indicates early settlement weakness. Moreover, it suggests a conceptual approach that may be applicable to the study of intergroup competitions in other divided societies.\n      </p>", "This article examines the politics of minority childhood in Ireland through an analysis of dominant discourses and published biographical and autobiographical accounts. The focus is on the official constructions and experiences of Traveller children during the decades preceding the implementation of a state settlement policy in the mid-1960s. Minority childhood is discussed within the context of anti-Traveller racism, the political economy of Irish childhood, and the formulation of a Traveller settlement policy.\n      </p>", "Mainstreaming is a concept which describes the consideration of gender and other equity group impacts at every stage of the policy process. While the concept is endorsed and supported by a range of supranational bodies, international organizations, and national governments, very little is known about its applied impact. This article contributes to the mainstreaming literature by exploring two applied mainstreaming case studies. Through the measurement of political will, resource allocation, and methods of enforcement, Australia and Northern Ireland's mainstreaming strategies are analyzed, with conclusions drawn regarding their application processes and the impacts these have delivered. /// Le concept de mainstreaming d\u00e9signe la prise en compte de l'int\u00e9gration de l'\u00e9galit\u00e9 du genre et d'autres groupes d\u00e9favoris\u00e9s, \u00e0 chaque \u00e9tape du processus politique. Alors que ce principe est assimil\u00e9 et d\u00e9fendu par nombre de corps supranationaux, d'organismes internationaux et de gouvernements nationaux, on sait tr\u00e8s peu de chose \u00e0 propos de l'impact de son application. Cet article contribue \u00e0 la litt\u00e9rature sur le sujet en explorant deux \u00e9tudes de cas d'int\u00e9gration (mainstreaming) appliqu\u00e9e. Dans le cadre d'une \u00e9valuation de la volont\u00e9 politique, de l'attribution des ressources et des m\u00e9thodes d'application, les strat\u00e9gies d'int\u00e9gration de l'\u00e9galit\u00e9 (mainstreaming) de l'Australie et de l'Irlande du Nord sont analys\u00e9es debouchant sur des conclusions relatives aux proc\u00e9d\u00e9s d'application choisis par ces pays et \u00e0 leur impact.\n      </p>", "The names of places speak of complicated cultural geographies of language and location. Placename changes have often been explored as examples of power-laden contests over the meaning of places and collective identities. Yet projects to research, preserve and reinstate Gaelic placenames in contemporary Ireland (both North and South) raise more complex questions of cultural identity, authenticity and diversity. These questions are central to post-colonial cultural politics. By combining ideas of pluralism, multiplicity and diversity with those of authenticity, belonging and truth, these contemporary placename projects represent efforts to reimagine concepts of identity, cultural location and tradition. They suggest ways to negotiate the theoretical contradictions between and practical politics of critiques of colonial cultural suppression and celebrations of cultural retrieval.\n      </p>", "This paper suggests significant processes associated with regional industrial change. Particular emphasis is given to the sensitivity of an open regional economy to shifts in external trade relationships and the ability of management to assess and adapt to the changing forces influencing their industries. The case study of Northern Ireland between 1950 and 1968 attempts to explain the transition followed by the leading older industries and why certain alternative paths for regional transition were followed. A recurrent theme is the crucial role played by the regional government.\n      </p>", "This study is based upon attitude surveys of (1) a sample of the general public, and (2) a sample of members of the legislative assembly of Northern Ireland. The same questions were used for each survey, enabling us to evaluate issue conflict and consensus among citizens and elites. Seventeen years of civil violence produced a marked degree of polarization between political parties as well as an homogenization of attitudes within parties. Findings indicate the nature of disagreement between citizens and party leaders, and help us to understand why some legislative systems collapse.\n      </p>", "Legal factors play an underrated but significant role as constraints on conservation management. In this paper, based on observations in both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, mode of land tenure is assessed to determine its influence on the conservation management of coastal dunes. The tenure types considered are: private ownership, corporate private ownership, tenancy, secured tenancy, leasing, common (joint) ownership, uncertain ownership, public ownership and its subset military ownership. It is suggested that multiple private ownership is least likely to favour effective conservation management. Public ownership by a statutory conservation authority and corporate private ownership by a conservation-orientated NGO are regarded as the optimum tenure types for conservation management of coastal dunes.\n      </p>", "This study compared the prices of prescription medicines in Ireland to those in other countries to determine potential cost savings on the largest community drug scheme if an alternative pricing mechanism were adopted. The analysis covered a sample of 39 drugs (44.8% of the total ingredient cost) selected from the top 70 drugs in order of total ingredient cost. Potential cost savings ranged from \u20ac 20.73 million if a Danish price were adopted, to \u20ac 16.23 million for the average European price, to \u20ac 6.82 million for the UK price. The estimated savings were statistically significant for the Danish and average European price but not for the UK price. This study demonstrates the high ex-wholesale price of prescription medications in Ireland.\n      </p>", "Ireland has been very successful in attracting foreign MNEs in high-technology sectors. Although these sectors exhibit faster growth than the traditional low-technology sectors populated primarily by indigenous firms, the high-technology sectors are also more volatile. We use portfolio theory to show that Ireland's FDI strategy has led to a more diversified manufacturing sector that exhibits higher growth without a commensurate increase in volatility and risk.\n      </p>", "The movement for 'military preparedness' in America and Britain gained tremendous momentum at the turn of the century. It assimilated the cult of manliness - the key public virtue, which allowed a person to claim possession of himself and a nation to reclaim possession of itself. An army was the means of marshalling a mass of people for regeneration. The symbol of a nation's preparedness to take control of its own soul was the readiness to bear arms. Although this movement originated in the middle-class, Protestant cultures of the USA and England, its core ideas were adopted by many political movements. Affected by these ideas, as well as the formation of the Protestant Ulster Volunteers in 1913, a movement to reclaim Irish independence through the mass bearing of arms began in South and West Ireland in autumn 1914. Women were excluded from these Volunteer companies, but set up their own organization, Cumann na mBan, as an auxiliary to the men's. The Easter Rising in 1916 owed as much to older ideas of the coup d'\u00e9tat as new ideas of mass mobilization, but subsequent history recreated that Rising as the 'founding' moment of the Irish republic. It was not until mass conscription was threatened two years later that the mass of people were absorbed into the idea of an armed campaign against British rule. From 1919 to 1923, the reality of guerrilla-style war pressed people into a frame demanding discipline, secrecy, loyalty and a readiness to act as the prime nationalist virtues. The ideal form of relationship in war is the brotherhood, both as actuality and potent myth. The mythology of brotherhood creates its own myths of women (as not being there, and men not needing them) as well as creating the fear and the myth that rape is the inevitable expression of brotherhoods in action. Despite explicit anxiety at the time about the rape of Irish women by British soldiers, no evidence was found of mass rape, and that fear has disappeared into oblivion, throwing up important questions as to when rape is a weapon of war. The decade of war worsened the relationship of women to the political realm. Despite active involvement as 'auxiliaries' women's political status was permanently damaged by their exclusion as warriors and brothers, so much so that they disappear into the status of wives and mothers in the 1937 Irish Constitution.\n      </p>", "Complementary and alternative medicines (CAMs) retain an enduring popularity in spite of the fact that there is poor evidence of their ecacy. Public attraction toward CAM may be based, in part, on a public appetite for mysticism; in many countries, increases in interest in CAM may in turn result from decreasing social acceptance of participation in formal religions. The present study examined patterns of CAM availability and self-declared religious aliation across 30 geographical regions in Ireland. After controlling for dierences in population, the data show a statistically significant inverse correlation between CAM availability and religious aliation. Implications are discussed.\n      </p>", "The influence of collective memory on political identity in Ireland has been well documented. It has particular force in Northern Ireland where there is fundamental disagreement about how and why the conflict erupted and how it should be resolved. This article outlines some of the issues encountered by an 'insider' when attempting to record and analyse the conflicting memories of a range of Protestants and Catholics who grew up in Mid-Ulster in the decades preceding the Troubles. In particular, it considers the challenges and opportunities presented by a two-pronged approach to oral history: using testimony as evidence about historical experience in the past and as evidence about historical memory - both collective and individual - in the present.\n      </p>", "A core characteristic of world politics is the presence of communal conflict over ideas of national identity, inextricably bound to ideas of cultural identity. Increasingly, foreign policy decision-makers realize the importance of considering cultural factors in their calculations of how peoples will define the \"self\" that seeks \"determination.\" Although a collective's culture changes over time (through interaction with others and in response to external events), scholars and policy analysts sometimes treat identities as static, monolithic, and derived from cultures that rarely change. This leads policymakers to underestimate the extent to which culture influences and can be influenced by foreign policy. This paper integrates work in political science and psychology into a content analysis-based method for examining three major ways in which culture impinges on communal conflict. The utility of the approach is demonstrated with a case study of the Northern Ireland conflict from 1984 to 1986, which shows how the rhetoric of the competing nationalist/Catholic leaders (John Hume and Gerry Adams) was the site of debate over group culture, how differences in the rhetoric reflected different cultures of the conflict, and how the conflict has been affected by the foreign policy decisions of other actors.\n      </p>", "Background: Previous research demonstrates a negative relationship between attitude toward alcohol and religiosity. However, what is less apparent is if this relationship may, at least in part, be a function of individual differences in personality, as previous research has demonstrated a relationship between certain measures of personality and both attitude toward alcohol and attitude toward religiosity. The aim of the present study was to explore the impact of personality and the relative efficacy of different markers of religiosity in predicting attitude toward alcohol among a sample of 16-18 year olds in Northern Ireland. Method: The Francis Scale of Attitude toward Alcohol (Francis, 1992c. Drug and Alcohol Dependence, 31, 45-50) was administered alongside the Abbreviated Revised Eysenck Personality Questionnaire (Francis, Brown, &amp; Philipchalk, 1992. \"Personality and Individual Differences,\" 13(4), 443-449), the Francis Scale of Attitude toward Christianity (Francis &amp; Stubbs, 1987. \"Personality and Individual Differences,\" 8, 741-743) and measures of frequency of personal prayer and church attendance among a sample of 243 16- to 18-year-old sixth-form students in Northern Ireland. Results and conclusion: The data demonstrate that a more prohibitive attitude toward alcohol was correlated with lower psychoticism scores (tendermindedness) and a more positive attitude toward Christianity. Multiple-regression analyses confirm the importance of attitude toward religion in predicting individual differences in attitude toward alcohol.\n      </p>", "The Protestant Orange Order is the largest organization in civil society in Northern Ireland. From 1905 until 2005, the Order was linked to the Ulster Unionist Party, until recently the dominant local political force. However, widespread Unionist disenchantment with the 1998 Good Friday Agreement led to a shift in the votes of Orange Order members, in common with other Protestants, to the anti-Agreement Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), which traditionally has had no links to the Order. This article examines the political, religious, and cultural attitudes of Orange Order members that prompted such a switch. It suggests that a combination of cultural and political insecurities over the fate of Protestant-British-Unionism has led to a realignment of Orangeism towards the stronger brand of Protestant and Unionist politics offered by the DUP.\n      </p>", "The paper critically assesses the ideas of Emyr Estyn Evans, one of the most influential geographers working in Ireland during this century. His work is placed within its own social and intellectual circumstances and examined as a resource for social understanding in contemporary Ireland, the contested bases of which are concerned with the present and future definition of Irish identity in an era of social change, European integration and continuing political violence. The various motifs of Evans's work are identified and discussed within the context of their epistemological shortcomings. Evans's ideas on identity and the meaning of place are contrasted with those of the Ulster poet, John Hewitt. A reading is made which concludes that Evans's oeuvre offers one consistent if flawed attempt to represent a heterogenous Ireland which might encompass all the island's inhabitants.\n      </p>", "This paper explains the manipulation of small-holding peasants by middle-class groups in their conjoint struggles against Anglo-Irish landlords during a precapitalist conjuncture of external pressures on the institutional practice of class rule in Ireland (see Fernand Braudel [1980] On History, Chicago: University of Chicago; Theda Skocpol [1979] States and Social Revolutions, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press). Small-holding peasants and middle-class groups sought to reform the feudal practice of jurisdictional privileges by the greater gentry of Anglo-Irish landlords. A middle-class group of Irish nationalists exercised their \"hegemony\" over small-holding peasants during a social movement for Catholic Emancipation in the 1820s (see Antonio Gramsci [1975] Selections from the Prisons Notebooks, New York: International Publishers). The outcomes of this social movement included the political empowerment of Catholic \"whigs\" to reform the feudal practices of corporations in Irish towns and the frustration of peasant interests to reform the feudal practices of Anglo-Irish landlordism in the countryside.\n      </p>", "The Northern Ireland linen complex declined sharply between 1950 and 1970. Demand and supply conditions deteriorated, localization economies altered in origin, and the focus on linen declined. Internal material linkages dropped as the complex became more capital intensive and organizationally integrated. Poor performance and passive adaptive behavior reflected and reinforced entrepreneurial and structural constraints. Technological and market changes raised requirements for larger firms and greater integration. The complex made few profits, despite technical progress and improved productivity. Its isolation continued to be more than geographic.\n      </p>", "We tested a model which examined the relationship between contact quantity and quality, relative ingroup status, and intergroup attitudes in Northern Ireland. Intergroup anxiety was considered an individual-level mediator and realistic and symbolic threat as group-level mediators in the model. We examined the idea that the strength of ingroup identification moderates the predictive power of individual- versus group-level variables. Both contact and relative ingroup status predicted anxiety and perceived threats to the ingroup, which were significant mediators in the model. Our results also suggest that while anxiety predicts attitudes for low but not high identifiers, symbolic threats to the ingroup are more important for high than for low identifiers. There was also some evidence indicating that status perceptions moderate contact effects. We discuss these results in terms of their implications for intergroup relations in Northern Ireland.\n      </p>", "This study estimated the potential savings in Ireland in 2003 if a system of generic substitution were introduced, under the two main Community Drug Schemes (General Medical Services, GMS, and Drugs Payment, DP). The GMS and DP schemes accounted for 82% of state expenditure on the Community Drug Schemes in 2003. Twenty one per cent of prescription items on the GMS scheme and 23% of items on the DP scheme were dispensed as a proprietary preparation when a generic equivalent was available. Substitution of the cheapest generic equivalent preparations of the top 30 drugs by expenditure in each scheme would result in estimated annual savings of \u20ac12.7 million on the GMS and \u20ac9.1 million on the DP scheme. Potential savings if the most expensive generic drugs were dispensed would be in the region of \u20ac9.0 million on the GMS and \u20ac6.4 million on the DP scheme. Comparison of these results with a similar analysis of 2001 data illustrates the potential for an increase in savings over time.\n      </p>", "Percentage and concentration pollen diagrams from the sediments of two adjacent inter-drumlin hollow lakes near Dungannon, and in two cores from Lough Catherine, suggest that only small reductions in the pollen frequencies of trees such as pine and, at some sites, birch and oak, accompanied reduced Ulmus at the elm decline in these parts of Co. Tyrone. They also confirm that Pteridium aquilinum could sporulate and many herbs were able to flower more freely owing to an opening of the tree canopy. Seventeen radiocarbon dates provide chronologies for the sites and date the elm decline to between 5050 and 5375 B.P., the subsequent start of increased elm pollen percentages to between 5010 and 4850 B.P., and the beginning of a second decline in elm pollen to between 4330 and 4260 B.P. The initial decline in elm pollen values may have been caused by disease and this reduction was superimposed upon a background of small-scale clearances which continued after a general elm regeneration. The question of a general similarity and causation of the second elm decline in Ireland and elsewhere is considered. Chemical, magnetic and pollen preservation data from the Co. Tyrone sites suggest episodes of erosion occurring at the first elm decline and others at the second elm decline.\n      </p>", "The control exercised by synoptic airflows on hourly ground level concentrations of ozone at 11 widely distributed monitoring sites in the UK during the period 1986/7-1990 is investigated. Regional airflows are categorized using the seven primary Weather Types of the Lamb (1972) Catalogue. Because of the complexity of troposheric ozone production, transport and decay, relationships vary between sites and the Lamb Weather Types (LWTs). Results confirm the dominant role of stable anticyclonic and easterly airflows at all sites in producing peak ozone episodes via photochemical action. More unstable systems such as the vigorous Westerlies and cyclonic depressions are important in elevating mean ozone concentrations at remote sites through turbulent down-mixing. The study also contrasts the different ozone destruction mechanisms at urban and rural sites. The distribution of hourly ozone values associated with anticyclonic and cyclonic airflows at selected sites shows distinctive ozone signatures. Prospects for modelling the relationship between hourly ground-level ozone concentrations and daily weather are suggested.\n      </p>", "Long-term buffering against acidic deposition is dependent on the replenishment of exchangeable base cations from weathering of soil minerals. Therefore, the rate of chemical weathering largely determines the sensitivity of soils to acidification. One method of estimating such sensitivity is to use the critical load approach. In principle, this indicates a level of anthropogenic acid deposition beyond which a soils long-term buffering capacity is not sustainable in relation to the load imposed. Using the Skokloster classification, critical loads were assigned to the principal soil in each soil association along a section of the east coast of Ireland. The Skokloster classification is based on allocating mineral soils to a critical load range according to parent material and associated mineralogy. The soil database used was the general soil map of Ireland and the accompanying Bulletin. The resulting regional map represents the spatial variation in sensitivity of soils to acidic deposition. The resolution of the national soils data is not sufficient for local-scale studies, but it is adequate to produce maps on a regional or national scale. In the current study, the most sensitive soils were located principally in the Dublin-Wicklow mountains, which agreed well with existing field research. The application of critical load sensitivity classes to a range of soil types using a simple methodology was only possible by making extremely broad assumptions about the current soils database. For more advanced or data intensive methods, improvements in the national soils database are essential.\n      </p>", "Trend surface models and block size analysis of variance of drumlins in County Down, Ireland, indicate nonrandomness at three scales. At a regional scale drumlin density rises from the inner margin of the field to a maximum in the center, and then declines towards the terminal zone of the ice sheet. Alternating zones of high and low drumlin density, approximately three kilometers in width and oriented perpendicular to ice movement, appear to underlie the regional trend surface. Drumlins also appear to cluster at a linear scale of one kilometer. Variations in stress conditions, and in debris load at the base of the ice sheet, may explain these patterns.\n      </p>", "Education is often seen as a means of achieving social change. Underlying this view is contact theory, which argues that increased contact between social groups will help reduce prejudicial attitudes and alleviate racial and ethnic divisions. This article tests and extends these propositions by examining the long-term impact of segregated and integrated education on political identities and attitudes. Using a pooled sample of surveys conducted on the adult population in Northern Ireland between 1998 and 2003, we address, for the first time, the question of whether or not experiencing a religiously integrated education has a significant effect on the political outlooks of Protestants and Catholics. The results suggest that attendance at a religiously integrated school\u2014either one formally constituted as integrated or a religious school incorporating a proportion from the opposite religion\u2014has positive long-term benefits in promoting a less sectarian stance on national identity and constitutional preferences. The results also support recent research that has shown that the impact of contact on intergroup relations may not only vary significantly in terms of the nature of the contact situation but also in terms of the societal status of the groups involved. We conclude that as the numbers experiencing integrated schooling grows, these individuals have the potential to create a new common ground in Northern Ireland politics.\n      </p>", "There is a long-standing debate as to how Ireland attained its present fauna; we help to inform this debate with a molecular study of one species. A 1110 base pair fragment of the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene was sequenced in 74 specimens of the pygmy shrew, Sorex minutas, collected from throughout its western Palaearctic range. Phylogenetic analysis of these sequences revealed several well-supported lineages. Most of the 65 haplotypes belonged to a northern lineage, which ranged from Britain in the west to Lake Baikal in the east. The other lineages were largely limited to Iberia, Italy and the Balkans. One exception, however, was a lineage found in both Ireland and Andorra. This affinity, and the large difference between the mitochondrial sequences of Irish and British individuals, suggest that pygmy shrews did not colonize Ireland via a land connection from Britain, as has been previously supposed, but instead were introduced by boat from southwest continental Europe. All the Irish pygmy shrews analysed were identical or very similar in cytochrome b sequence, suggesting an extreme founding event.\n      </p>", "The development of a set of religiously integrated schools in Northern Ireland since 1981 is often portrayed in wholly positive terms. However, the continued growth of the movement has generated serious tensions at a number of levels which have wider implications for any analysis of the implications of parental choice.\n      </p>", "The November 1994 crisis over the extradition to Northern Ireland of a paedophile priest was generally seen in Ireland as marking 'a watershed in the political life of the state'. It provoked unprecedented public interest, raised fundamental questions about democracy and appeared to crystallize the long process of state-church realignment which has been taking place in Ireland for more than two decades. This paper reflects on the repercussions of the crisis, from a personal perspective, and especially with regard to changing gender relations in the Republic and the emergence of peace in Northern Ireland.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the famines in the Highlands and Ireland during the 1840s in the light of recent theoretical developments. It describes the mechanisms of uneven incorporation and contemporaneous discourses about poverty and political economy which created 'spaces for famine'. The analysis emphasizes the tensions, differences and complexities that typified changes before the famines and which explain their differential impacts.\n      </p>", "Tephra-linked pollen diagrams from lowland raised peats at three sites in the north of Ireland show extensive landscape changes between A.D. 750 and A.D. 1150. By A.D. 860 woodland had been cleared and agricultural activity was widespread but, by the start of the twelfth century, woods had regenerated and agriculture had declined. The gap in the Irish dendrochronological record between A.D. 730 and A.D. 850 is bridged by timbers from corn grinding mills, strengthening the case for spreading arable agriculture at this time.\n      </p>", "The Icelandic-breeding Whooper Swan (Cygnus cygnus) population winters almost exclusively in Ireland, Britain and Iceland. A coordinated census of Whooper Swans in these countries was undertaken in January 2000, following previous coordinated censuses in 1986, 1991 and 1995. Of the 20,856 birds recorded, 43% were in the Republic of Ireland, 18% in Northern Ireland, 19% in England, 14% in Scotland and 6% Iceland, with the combined totals for Wales and the Isle of Man accounting for &lt;1%. Age assessments revealed 16.8% cygnets, with a mean brood size of 2.3; cygnet distribution was highly consistent between countries and regions in Britain and Ireland, but the proportion of young was lower and more variable between regions in Iceland. The census total was the highest to date, and represents an increase in numbers of 32% since 1995. There is little evidence that immigration of birds from the population wintering in continental northwest Europe is sufficient to explain the increase. The increase of 32% in population size between 1995 and 2000, together with productivity levels of 18.1% cygnets per annum, suggests an average annual mortality rate of 11.8% over the period. The increase in numbers occurred mainly in Ireland and England. This resulted in an increase in the number of flocks, and also in flock size, in both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. In England, birds appear to have become concentrated at traditional sites, and particularly at the two principal sites, Martin Mere and the Ouse Washes. Most birds were found on grassland habitats (although the proportion varied between countries) and on permanent water. As in previous censuses, the proportion recorded on arable habitats was low and, although higher in Britain, is localized there.\n      </p>", "This article presents some of the findings from the original research carried out with asylum seeking and refugee women in Ireland who were pregnant or who had recently given birth. The explosion in numbers in Ireland from 1998 onwards has been such that this group now comprises more than one in five of every birth in the country's three major maternity hospitals, all based in Dublin. The article explores the background reasons for the major increase in recent years of this group of women. It discusses the difficult circumstances encountered by women who must engage with a system of maternity care unused to such complex needs, amidst a general policy climate of uncertainty and even hostility towards asylum seekers. The research findings contribute to the feminist literature on maternity and challenge us to examine the way in which globalization is impacting on women as mothers and the need for challenging Western states anew on the development of a more coherent model of maternity care in response to the needs of such women.\n      </p>", "This paper attempts to make a contribution to the study and understanding of the phenomenon of globalization and its interplay with national politico-economic systems. How did globalization resonate and/or dominate in different national contexts? What was the role of national political economies and domestic institutions in this process? What role did specific institutional actors played in it? Focusing on the materialization of globalization discourse in Greece and Ireland, the paper presents three main findings: (i) the reproduction of the Greek and Irish politico-economic systems during the 1990s was dominated, to a significant extent, by the same set of meanings and practices, (ii) the way in which this set of meanings and practices emerged in the two countries was fundamentally different: in Greece it defined a new zone of contestation, whereas in Ireland it defined a new zone of fundamental consensus, (iii) after the end of the 1990s, these two different facets of hegemonic globalization seemed to converge. The paper draws on these findings to examine the role of political economy and domestic institutions in the communication of the hegemonic discourse of globalization.\n      </p>", "A palynological study of contiguous samples of the upper 128 cm of Carbury Bog, Co. Kildare, Ireland, showed details of the fluctuating human impact on the vegetation during the last c. 850 years. During the period of c. 1130-1440 A.D. the landscape around Carbury Bog was still dominated by forest. During the second half of the 15th century there was a considerable reduction of the forested area, reflected in the pollen diagram. The commercial exploitation of the forest during the 17th century resulted in almost complete deforestation. The pollen records for the 18th century vegetation show a rise in the curves of Pinus, Fraxinus and Fagus as a consequence of planting of these trees. Apart from pollen many other palynomorphs ('Types', a.o. fungal spores and rhizopods) were recorded. The spectrum of Types appeared to be comparable with the Type spectrum of continental raised bogs. The results of the macrofossil analysis in combination with the indicator values of some Types were used in a detailed reconstruction of the local vegetation succession and the changes in hydrological and trophic conditions. The disappearance of Sphagnum imbricatum during the late medieval period possibly was caused by the increased influx of dust, as a consequence of man's impact on the environment around the bog. The recent importance of S. magellanicum as a peat forming species is possibly the effect of an increased atmospheric deposition of nitrate. Parallel to the analysis of micro- and macrofossils a sample series from the same monolith was analysed for the ratio of the stable isotopes 2H and 1H. Theoretically the 2H/1H ratio in cellulose of peat-forming plants should be indicative for palaeotemperatures, but, apart from a temperature dependent signal, this ratio is also strongly related to specific characteristics in the isotopic behaviour of different peat forming species. The overall fractionation is a complex function of climatic and plant-physiological parameters. In the present study the results of the 2H/1H measurements were compared with Lamb's palaeoclimatic data derived from historical sources and meteorology. The 2H/1H ratios of Carbury Bog appeared to be negatively correlated with the medieval climatic optimum, the Little Ice Age and the subsequent phase of warming climate. There is an obvious relationship between the 2H/1H ratio and the local succession of peat forming taxa and, as a consequence, with strictly local hydrological and trophic conditions. The present study shows that a climatic signal in the 2H/1H ratio of peat samples is completely dominated by the direct effects of the spectrum of plants. In addition, the variation in the duration of the growing season in different climatic periods may have had a considerable influence on the 2H/1H ratio of the peat-forming plants.\n      </p>", "Popular political demonstrations often feature the use of theatrical and symbolic actions and artifacts. These are drawn from a repertoire that resembles and overlaps with festive public events. In this article I examine parades, murals, and other popular forms of public protest in Northern Ireland, where I have been conducting field research since 1991. I compare these to demonstrations of resistance in South Boston to school busing and the inclusion of gay and lesbian people in the St. Patrick's Day parade. Regardless of the political allegiances or intentions of the protesters, they tend to draw upon the same repertoire of images and actions for public display. This results in a genuinely popular style of protest. In the cases of political resistance from the Right, the use of popular styles of protest distinguishes the protesters along class lines from those whose rule they are supporting.\n      </p>", "It is widely recognized that Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) plays an important role in economic development However, its impact on entrepreneurial activity has not been well researched. Internalization theory is used to explore how inward FDI impacts entrepreneurial activity. Using data from Global Entrepreneurship Monitor (GEM), we find significant differences in entrepreneurial activity between Ireland and Hungary in both the type of people starting businesses and the opportunities pursued. Economic development policies should focus on increasing human capital, promoting enterprise development, and upgrading the quality of FDI.\n      </p>", "The infant forms an ambiguous class of individual, located on the periphery of normal lifecycle events. This is often reflected in the character and choice of burial location. During the Historic period in Ireland the separate burial of unbaptised infants reused earlier monuments, particularly those with Early Christian associations. These cillini (children's burial grounds) were frequently situated in marginal locations and their identification with the host site often enhanced their ambiguous and liminal character. A review of the prehistoric evidence also suggests the differential treatment of infants during the Neolithic-Early Bronze Age, in particular the location of infant burials in the passages of two later Neolithic sites at Fourknocks, Co. Meath. The reuse of earlier megaliths for infant burials may reflect the reinvention of these sites in the contemporary mythological landscape at a latter stage in their own monumental lifecycle.\n      </p>", "This article examines the initiation of boys in Lesu, New Ireland, in 1929-30. It is argued that these rituals not only transformed the initiands but also their fathers and thereby created counterpoint notions of social continuity in an openly 'matrilineal' society. Discursive and iconic symbolism identified and made manifest an alternative male cultural modality, not generally accessible to women. The neophytes' socially ascribed fathers, not necessarily their actual genitors, were in the world of female presuppositions ritually very marginal to their discursively defined children, but circumcision established a new sort of iconic fatherhood. Male social continuity involved the construction of flows in two directions, the future being dependent on the establishment of a past.\n      </p>", "This paper examines changes in the relationship between class origins and the position young people occupy one year after finishing post-primary education in the Republic of Ireland over the period 1984-1993. We find that class differentials in the position occupied after leaving school do not change over time, although, among young women, the relationship between educational attainment and the position occupied does change slightly. We show that the reason why this latter change can co-occur with an absence of change in class differences is because class origin effects on the position a school leaver occupies one year after leaving school are substantially independent of educational attainment effects. In other words, class differences in how young people fare after leaving school are only weakly mediated by education. Other channels of class influence must therefore be operating, and their cumulative impact is much greater than that of class based educational inequalities.\n      </p>", "In this paper we define regional economic development as a political-geographical problem using a theoretical logic drawn from the writings of Antonio Gramsci on hegemony and the Italian questione meridionale (southern question). This logic is then used in a discussion of regional industrial policy in Northern Ireland between 1945 and 1972. A major claim is that relative levels of regional economic development are not independent of politics, nor do they follow some natural economic order; they are, instead, critically dependent on the practical need of states for popular legitimation of economic activities and for the political-social order represented by a particular government or political party. The paper ends with a brief comparison of the approach with alternatives.\n      </p>", "There are strong theoretical reasons for hypothesizing that those sections of the population who are most exposed to modernization processes are more likely to marry outside their own religious group. We examine this for Catholic-Protestant intermarriage in the Republic of Ireland. We use a multivariate analysis on survey data to test the hypotheses that urban dwellers, persons of non-farming parents, persons with higher levels of education and the young are more likely to be religiously intermarried. While the odds of being in an intermarriage are greater for urban dwellers, this is in large part due to their being non-farmers. The farming effect is not necessarily related to religiosity. The odds of being in an intermarriage do not increase significantly for persons with third level education and this can be explained in terms of the marriage market for minority groups. It is shown that the historical context and the minority position of religious group should be taken into account in explanations which relate modernization to the pattern of religious intermarriage.\n      </p>", "The Peace Process in Northern Ireland is about to reach another milestone: the Consultative Group on the Past is due to publish a report in the autumn of 2008 on \"the best way to deal with the legacy of the past in Northern Ireland\" and to support the building of \"a shared future.\" It is timely therefore to think again\u2014and further\u2014about what political expression forgiveness might find, using the concrete case of Northern Ireland today as grist for our conceptual mill. This essay opens with two preliminaries: an account of what forgiveness is and how it relates to resentment, punishment, repentance, and reconciliation; and a brief summary of the \"Troubles.\" It then proceeds to caution that reconciliation will have to be realized in the midst of persistent enmity; to explore what a Truth Commission might achieve, and the limits of it; to consider whether the discovery of fresh truth should issue in further judicial proceedings, and how far these will disturb the Peace Process; and to suggest that the British Government could erect public memorials to the dead on all sides. It concludes that in addition to Government action, there is need for the popular exercise of certain virtues\u2014including grateful, hopeful patience, forgiveness-as-compassion, and public penitence.\n      </p>", "Much of the conflict in Northern Ireland is based on investments in one of three opposing political futures possible for the region: remaining part of Britain, joining Ireland, or becoming independent. Speculative scenarios describing each of these futures were randomly assigned to equal numbers of Protestant and Catholic undergraduates in Northern Ireland, and their expectations regarding material and civic improvement for their ingroup and peace and reconciliation between the groups were assessed. Two dimensions of religious identity, measured by the Identity and Public subscales of Luhtanen and Crocker's (1992) Collective Self-Esteem Scale (CSES), moderated the differences between groups, but only for their expectations of peace and reconciliation. Stronger expectations of improvement for the ingroup were related to higher scores on the Public subscale, regardless of religion or the political future presented. Thus, group identity had a complex, context-dependent relationship to intergroup conflict.\n      </p>", "This article shows how the past was used to construct and disseminate an alternative view of the Great Irish Famine (1845-1850). Theories on the entextualization process are considered in tandem with those on reconstituting identity. Ambivalent selfhood is situated within the historical parameters of famine, language loss, and the legacy of colonial representation.\n      </p>", "This essay considers the near-simultaneous success of Martin McDonagh's \"The Beauty Queen of Leenane\" (1996) and Conor McPherson's \"The Weir\" (1997) for their contrasting versions of the Irish imaginary. Both represent views of the rural west of Ireland by urban dramatists, but in the case of London-Irish McDonagh it is a sardonic send-up of traditional pastoral, with Dubliner McPherson closer to the romantic tradition of the literary revival. Neither playwright could have made the impact he has without the already formed fields of Irishness in which the plays are theatrically located.\n      </p>", "Ideologies are central to the organization of political life and political conflict, yet most empirical studies tend to obscure their significance. This failure to take ideology seriously is no mere oversight; rather it arises from an absence of both adequate conceptualizations and adequate methods for the analysis of ideology. Such absences are particularly evident with regard to the affective component of ideologies, a component which is regarded, characteristically, as epiphenomenal. This article draws upon both social theory and psychoanalytic theory in an attempt to overcome such lacunae in the study of ideology and politics. It focuses upon Unionist ideology in Northern Ireland and attempts to establish the internal diversity of this ideology by specifying its core rules for the construction of three major ideological positions. These positions are understood as three major forms of political subjectivity. Kleinian psychoanalytic theory is drawn upon and reworked as a method for the analysis of these three positions. Having established the rules of an affect-laden ideological formation, namely, Unionism, a brief sketch of Unionist politics is offered. This sketch highlights the centrality of ideology, adequately understood, to political conflict in Northern Ireland.\n      </p>", "Modern social theory highlights the role of language in social change/reproduction, yet rarely draws on actual linguistic resources or theory. Equally, sociolinguistics situates linguistic practice within the social domain, but only weakly makes links to social theory. Using a linguistic analysis of policing discourses in Northern Ireland, this article considers how such analyses can both inform and be informed by broader social theories. Policing is a contentious issue for nationalists, and despite recent reforms, many continue to regard the (new) police force with suspicion. Data from nationalist women in Belfast are used to explore the thematic frameworks and interactional/pragmatic strategies (pragmatic blocking) through which the speakers jointly produce a \"discourse of resistance,\" effectively blocking acceptance of the new service. The analysis is discussed in relation to theories of social change (with particular reference to Bourdieu's habitus). Considered are implications for sociolinguistics, social theory, and policing policy in Northern Ireland.\n      </p>", "Through an examination of selected documents, this article explores the role which the Irish state attributed to education in promoting the Christian, specifically Catholic, identity of its young citizens. The essay also examines the evidence of a desire to distance the state from a direct role in reinforcing the religious dimensions of cultural identity and of an endeavour to reconcile respect for the nation's Christian heritage with respect for other versions of human self-understanding.\n      </p>", "The current ambition to enlarge the European Union (EU) from fifteen to twenty-seven member states has brought to the fore questions about European integration and its overarching aim. On 7 June, 2001, the Irish people decided not to ratify the Nice Treaty. However, the Irish 'no' was not considered to be an expression of political resentment that could impinge on further development of European integration, but rather a sign of an information deficit. According to the EU top down rhetoric, the Irish people had not yet realised what it means to be, act and think as Europeans in Europe. The Irish referendum serves in this respect as a crucial juncture which brings to the surface otherwise veiled discursive power mechanisms that frame sociopolitical action within the EU discourse. This article analyses EU transcripts and speeches, as well as Irish newspaper articles prior to and after the referendum in order to depict these many-faceted mechanisms surrounding the border-making processes in European integration. It is argued that the Irish referendum, rather than altering the process of European integration in any significant way, has served the endeavours to fix a consolidated European Space. In other words, the European space that we live in is conceived of as if it could be presupposed beyond space.\n      </p>", "This study examined cross-shore differences in wind speed and aeolian sediment transport rate in relation to beach surface conditions in the lee of a 6 m high dune during 2 days of offshore winds at Carrick Finn Strand, Ireland. Near-surface wind speed, surface moisture, carbonate content and mean grain size increased in the offshore direction; sediment sorting became slightly poorer. The rate of sediment transport was small from the dune toe out to a distance of about 20 m and then increased rapidly to about 40 m seaward of the dune. The rate decreased seaward of this location early each day due to a great increase in surface moisture content. Greater rates of transport occurred seaward of this location later in the day and are attributed to drying of the beach surface and increased wind speeds. Rates of offshore aeolian transport on the beach in the lee of the dune are affected by shore-parallel zones differing in wind speed, surface moisture and sediment characteristics that change in location through time. These zones include a Lee-of-Dune Zone, where no aeolian entrainment occurs because of low wind speeds; an Erosion Zone, located sufficiently far from the dune that wind is effective in entraining and removing sediments; a Transport Zone where erosional losses are replaced by inputs from upwind; and an Accretion Zone on the moist portion of the foreshore.\n      </p>", "Societal cleavages based on cultural, ethnic, or tribal divisions are, it can be argued, qualitatively different from those based on other factors (e.g., economic ideology). In this context, \"ethnicity\" can be conceptualized as a set of ascribed and acquired characteristics which derive principally from an individual's birth and upbringing. While physical appearance may be relevant, ethnicity is composed primarily of psychological elements which can not be shed or significantly changed, even if an individual wishes to do so, as easily as can purely acquired characteristics such as economic ideology (e.g., capitalism, socialism, communism). In other words, an individual is forever \"stigmatized\" by his group of origin and, in those societies with politically relevant ethnic divisions, the switching of political identities is a very rare occurrence. In this article, the principal psychological elements related to the political cleavage between Northern Irish Protestants and Catholics are briefly reviewed. Second, the main political manifestations of this cleavage since the 1960s are summarized, especially the behavior of politicians and voters in the October 1982 Northern Ireland Assembly election.\n      </p>", "In this paper we seek to put Irish poverty rates in a comparative European context. We do so in a context whereby the Irish economic boom and EU enlargement have led to increasing reservations being expressed regarding rates deriving from the EU 'at risk of poverty' indicator. Our comparative analysis reports findings for both overall levels of poverty and variation by household reference person characteristics for this indicator and a consistent poverty measure for Ireland, the UK and five smaller European countries spanning a range of welfare regimes. Our findings demonstrate that the distinctiveness of Ireland's situation lies not in the overall levels of poverty per se but in the very high penalties associated with being in a household where the household reference person is a lone parent or excluded from the labour market.\n      </p>", "The article explores a series of ethical and professional dilemmas that typified nursing practice during the 'Troubles' especially from the period 1968 to 1994 when the first IRA ceasefire was called. It is based primarily upon the testimonies of nurses themselves about their experiences during the conflict. This piece is part of work on medical professional ethics undertaken with the help of the Nuffield Trust.\n      </p>", "This article examines the formation and conduct of Ireland's foreign relations in 2003. It considers the international, European and domestic context in which these activities took place. The roles of the executive and the Oireachtas in the formation of Irish foreign policy are examined and the implications of the war on Iraq for Irish foreign policy are highlighted. Ireland's role in the UN is discussed, as are its responses to international events such as the war in Iraq and the crisis in the Middle East. Its broader contribution to the UN is also assessed. Ireland's stance and policies in the EU are examined, in particular in the context of events surrounding the Convention on the Future of Europe and the Intergovernmental Conference. Finally, events in Northern Ireland, the implementation of the Good Friday Agreement and Anglo-Irish relations are considered.\n      </p>", "Interpretations of British Library MS Harley 913 have in the past unduly privileged its Middle English contents, such as the well-known 'Land of Cockaygne', over its texts in medieval Latin and Anglo-Norman. A reconsideration of the contents of the manuscript as a whole tends to confirm that it originated with the Franciscans in Waterford; but it also suggests that the collection should be understood in terms of its thematic and literary coherence, and not as a programme narrowly identified with the interests of the friars or of the English community in Ireland.\n      </p>", "During the past thirty years Catholics in Northern Ireland have experienced unprecedented upward social mobility. Some commentators have suggested that this has led Catholics not merely to adopt the lifestyles of the middle class but also to modify their constitutional preferences, leading to a decline in nationalism. In this paper I examine the relationship between social mobility, on the one hand, and, on the other, both constitutional preferences and political (left or right wing) preferences among Catholics and Protestants in Northern Ireland, using survey data collected in 1996. There is no evidence that Catholics' constitutional preferences are related to their mobility experiences.\n      </p>", "L'\u00e9quit\u00e9 en mati\u00e8re d'emploi existe au Canada depuis 20 ans, et, en Irlande du Nord, sous une forme renforc\u00e9e, depuis presque aussi longtemps. Dans cet article, nous comparons ces deux cadres politiques, en prenant comme point de d\u00e9part l'adoption, par l'lrlande du Nord, d'une r\u00e9forme de ses lois en cette mati\u00e8re, sur la base des lois canadiennes en vigueur \u00e0 l'\u00e9poque. La premi\u00e8re diff\u00e9rence que l'on observe est la suivante. La politique canadienne ne s'applique qu'\u00e0 une partie limit\u00e9e de la main-d'\u0153uvre ; elle vise les iniquit\u00e9s que subissent les femmes, les minorit\u00e9s raciales, les Autochtones et les personnes handicap\u00e9es. En Irlande du Nord, la politique s'applique \u00e0 la plupart des travailleurs et travailleuses; elle cible les in\u00e9galit\u00e9s entre les catholiques et les protestants. La mise en \u0153uvre de ces politiques en Irlande du Nord et au Canada diff\u00e8rent. L'Irlande du Nord a fait des progr\u00e8s significatifs en mati\u00e8re d'\u00e9quit\u00e9 en emploi chez les catholiques et les protestants ; au Canada, on continue d'observer des in\u00e9galit\u00e9s \u00e9videntes au sein des quatre groupes cibl\u00e9s. Done, si, sur ce plan, l'apprentissage s'est d'abord fait \"d'ouest en est\", aujourd'hui il pourrait se faire \"d'est en ouest\". Employment equity has existed in Canada for 20 years and fair employment in Northern Ireland, in its strengthened form, almost that long. A comparison of the policy frameworks begins with Northern Ireland's adoption of Canada's legislation as its model. Canada's policy covers a limited proportion of its workforce and addresses disadvantage affecting women, racialized minorities, Aboriginal people, and persons with disabilities, while Northern Ireland's policy covers most employees and targets inequality between Catholics and Protestants. Implementation and enforcement of Canada's and Northern Ireland's policies differ. In Northern Ireland substantial progress has been made toward employment equality between Catholics and Protestants, while in Canada the four target groups continue to face significant disadvantage. Policy learning was initially from west to east, but it is timely now to consider the case for policy learning from east to west.\n      </p>", "With tourist activity expected to become the largest source of employment by the end of the millenium, this paper examines heritage tourism, its framing of history, and its relationship with narratives of national identity. Challenging analyses which suggest that the heritage industry merely presents a sanitized or bogus version of the past, I present an instance in which an historical icon is presented to a popular audience in a provocative and nuanced rendering of the past. Focusing on one particularly controversial element of Ireland's past-the big house or stately home-this paper charts its incorporation into the historical imagination through literature, analyzes its representation as a heritage icon through the example of Strokestown Park House in County Roscommon, and argues that the big house's incorporation into the heritage landscape has released it from its confinement as a social and spatial signifier of elite culture. By situating the interpretation of the house in the local spatial context and connecting it to wider regional, national, and international geographies, this house has helped advance popular understandings of the past.\n      </p>", "This paper explores intersections between political economy and nature in the so-called Tiger economies that have risen to prominence since the 1960s. Whilst Tiger states are in many ways emblematic of the extremes of late capitalism, they are nevertheless characterized by socio-natural environments that are distinctive, both in terms of the political and economic interests that have underpinned them and their rates of production. Whilst produced under a distinctive set of capitalist social relations, the dialectical reading offered herein chooses to foreground the agency that socio-nature itself possesses in relation to prevalent class interests. This agency is conceptualized in terms of a series of cultural wars over transformed nature. Using a theoretically provocative case study that examines the politics of waste management in Ireland, the paper argues that in reflecting upon the role of such culture wars in the constitution of dominant social relations in Tiger states, the concepts of scalar strategies and struggles over scale may prove useful. Whilst social contests over the scaling of governance have tended thus far to focus upon the dialectical relations between scale and political economy, the paper argues that ecological projects too are fundamentally produced by and implicated in the structuration of scale. In calling for dialogue between political ecological studies and recent work in geography that has sought to theorize scale as a social process, the paper hopes to contribute towards the development of a political ecology of Tiger states.\n      </p>", "This paper utilises and extends Henri Lefebvre's ideas about rhythmanalysis to explore the rhythmic qualities of taking a coach tour. The paper investigates the Ring of Kerry tour in the West of Ireland and reveals both the reproduction and disturbance, through itinerary and narratives of the coach drivers, of anticipated discourses and visual indexes of commodified Irishness. Central to the paper is the ordering of different rhythmic assemblages, which connect and disconnect in multiple ways. It is argued that the rhythmic multiplicity of coach tours involve entanglements of embodiment, affective registers, technologies and materialities. The paper reveals how the myriad tempos and rhythms of the tour take on different consistencies and intensities at different stages of the journey, and investigates the capacities of these rhythms to affect and be affected by the pulse of the spaces moved through and stopped at. In so doing, a supplemented rhythmanalysis is suggested as a productive approach for apprehending tourist spaces, practices and landscapes.\n      </p>", "The Sociomoral Reflection Measure-Short Form (SRM-SF; Gibbs, Basinger &amp; Fuller, 1992) was presented to 421 Northern Irish children and adolescents. The sample consisted of participants from both of the religious communities, from either two areas of high political violence or two areas with low levels of political conflict. Analysis of the results indicated that children in the areas with high levels of political conflict scored at a lower level on the measure of moral development. The prevailing \"moral atmosphere\" in Ulster and the spatial nature of the conflict were suggested as causes for this result.\n      </p>", "In this paper we examine the relationship between social movements and the police through an analysis of the Civil Rights Movement (CRM) which emerged in the late 1960s in Northern Ireland. Following della Porta (1995) and Melucci (1996) we argue that the way in which episodes of collective action are policed can affect profoundly both levels of mobilization and the orientation of social movements. We also submit that the symbolic and representational dimensions of policing can be a significant trigger in the stimulation of identification processes and collective action. The paper concludes by questioning some of the assumptions contained within social movement theory, and their applicability to divided societies such as Northern Ireland.\n      </p>", "Recent coastal archaeological surveys in Britain and Ireland have produced an array of evidence for the construction and use of wooden and stone fish weirs throughout the Middle Ages. These fish weirs, with their wooden fences, basket traps and other features, vary in location, size, date and complexity. Regional and local traditions are discussed and it is suggested that fish weirs provide interesting insights into the labour and practices of medieval fishing communities, particularly in terms of cultural continuity and social identity.\n      </p>", "          \t\t\t        \t\tFor information about individual subscriptions for this title, please visit the \t\t        \t\n\t\t\t        \t\t<a href=\"http://about.jstor.org/individual-subscriptions\">Individual Access</a>\n\t\t\t        \t\t\t        \t\tpage.\t\t        \t\n\t\t\t        \t\n\t\t        \n\t       \n           </p>\n           <p>\n           \t\t          \t \tFor more information about institutional access to this title, please visit the \t          \t \n          \t \t<a href=\"http://about.jstor.org/participate-jstor/subscribe\">Institutional Subscriptions</a>\n           \t\t           \t\tpage.           \t\n           </p>\n\n  \n", "          \t\t\t        \t\tFor information about individual subscriptions for this title, please visit the \t\t        \t\n\t\t\t        \t\t<a href=\"http://about.jstor.org/individual-subscriptions\">Individual Access</a>\n\t\t\t        \t\t\t        \t\tpage.\t\t        \t\n\t\t\t        \t\n\t\t        \n\t       \n           </p>\n           <p>\n           \t\t          \t \tFor more information about institutional access to this title, please visit the \t          \t \n          \t \t<a href=\"http://about.jstor.org/participate-jstor/subscribe\">Institutional Subscriptions</a>\n           \t\t           \t\tpage.           \t\n           </p>\n\n  \n", "", "This paper explores the complex and ambiguous development of a concept of nationhood during the early modern period (c.1675-1850). It does this through examining how aspects of identity politics were reflected in, and worked through, contemporary descriptions of the ancient sites of Avebury in Britain and Newgrange in Ireland. A relationship between these descriptions and the development of national identity is put forward and then problematized, with the apparent 'nationalism' of ancient heritage being seen as a far more complex phenomenon than first sight would suggest. Though primarily focusing on the construction and development of an idea of nationhood therefore, this paper works through drawing together and critically evaluating related strands of archaeology, heritage studies and historical-political geography.\n      </p>", "The Republic of Ireland has attracted a disproportionate share of Japanese manufacturing investment in Europe. The evolution of this investment is outlined and some characteristics of Japanese plants in Ireland are considered. Finally, some factors likely to hinder the future flow of Japanese investment to Ireland are assessed.\n      </p>", "A review of the saddle quern in Ireland, with particular reference to saddle querns from excavated contexts.\n      </p>", "This paper considers the relationship between the Irish language and ethnic identities in Northern Ireland. It suggests that the language is more than a relic feature of the cultural landscape, that it transcends traditional religious and political divisions, and is a vital component of the 1998 Good Friday Agreement. However, it is a shared inheritance that needs careful nurturing, through a more comprehensive and integrated approach to language planning and policy formulation.\n      </p>", "A new genus, Buckiella, is segregated from Plagiothecium. The type species, Buckiella undulata (Hedwig) Ireland, known from western North America, Europe, China, and New Guinea, has plants with strongly undulate leaves, short, inconspicuous triangular leaf decurrencies, minute, granular, cuticular papillae covering the leaf cells, and wrinkled capsules. A second species, B. draytonii (Sullivant) Ireland, endemic to the Hawaiian Islands, with undulate, nondecurrent leaves, cuticular papillae on the leaf cells, and wrinkled capsules is also included in the genus.\n      </p>", "Renewable energies have a long history of exploitation, but faded from prominence with the growth of fossil fuels. In recent years the use of renewables has been given fresh impetus in the UK with a reserved share of the electricity generation market being set aside for them. This paper considers the present and future use of renewable energy within the small and isolated energy system of Northern Ireland.\n      </p>", "Realist and liberal paradigms of foreign policy analysis offer different views of the important policy stance of neutrality. Realism explains a neutral stance as the rational calculation of a small state's interests in the state-centered, unfriendly, self-help environment. Liberalism argues that international norms and internal dynamics lead nations to seek and maintain neutrality. This article explores the neutral foreign policy stance of the Republic of Ireland from 1938 to the present in comparison to Austria, Finland, Sweden, and Switzerland. The Irish policy of neutrality differs from the other European neutrals in two important ways: it is unarmed neutrality and it is not impartial neutrality. I argue that domestic actors, public opinion, and governmental decision-making institutions provide an explanation for the continuing stance of neutrality. Thus, liberalism provides a better explanation for Irish neutrality than realism. The value of this study is that it illustrates in a comparative perspective the varying sources of neutrality in Europe and points to the continued usefulness of varied perspectives in understanding historical and contemporary foreign policy. /// Les paradigmes r\u00e9aliste et lib\u00e9ral de l'analyse en politique \u00e9trang\u00e8re offrent diff\u00e9rentes positions sur l'importante politique de neutralit\u00e9. Le r\u00e9alisme explique une position neutre par le calcul raisonnable des int\u00e9r\u00eats d'un petit \u00c9tat dans un environnement \u00c9tat-centr\u00e9, peu amical, de repli sur soi. Le lib\u00e9ralisme soutient que les normes internationales et la dynamique interne conduisent des nations \u00e0 rechercher et \u00e0 maintenir la neutralit\u00e9. Cet article explore la position neutre en politique \u00e9trang\u00e8re de la R\u00e9publique d'Irlande de 1938 \u00e0 aujourd'hui par rapport \u00e0 l'Autriche, la Finlande, la Su\u00e8de et la Suisse. La politique de neutralit\u00e9 irlandaise diff\u00e8re des autres pays neutres europ\u00e9ens de deux mani\u00e8res importantes: il s'agit d'une neutralit\u00e9 sans armes et ce n'est pas une neutralit\u00e9 impartiale. Je soutiens que le maintien d'une position de neutralit\u00e9 s'explique par les acteurs int\u00e9rieurs, l'opinion publique et les institutions gouvernementales d\u00e9cisionnaires. Ainsi, le lib\u00e9ralisme fournit une meilleure explication \u00e0 la neutralit\u00e9 irlandaise que le r\u00e9alisme.\n      </p>"], "words": {"essay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documents,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "religious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "modernization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promoting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "manipulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "every": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wooden": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gender": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upper": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "core": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trend": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "direct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "likely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "qualitatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deeply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitudes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fossil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conduct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "movement": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "multivariate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transportation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reported": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poverty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consideration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "november": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "social": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "great": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "thirty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "weirs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "published": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complicated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scales": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "county": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archaeological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "names": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "working": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examination": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "memory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "themselves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lapita": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "successful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inclined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "opposing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sharply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flora": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 31, "prob": 0.0002567192112923328}, "originally": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ethnographers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nursing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impacts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "share": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purposes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "end": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divided": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "starch": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "globalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "movements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "minority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "derived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mapping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "ambiguous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "highlands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capitalism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "healthcare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interpretation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mainly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "years": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "produced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitude": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "through": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "its": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "group": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "located": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highlights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "civil": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "policy": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "article,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tourist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "views": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genus,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pregnant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rock": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constraints": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflict,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "series": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contiguous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interplay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "year": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "space": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "attracted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surveys": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "formation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "put": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "segregated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "language": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "refugee": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "british": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "childhood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "narratives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "features": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "symbolic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "adopted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "another": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "array": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twenty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "construct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indicate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conservation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identity": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "percentage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scheme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "that": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "japanese": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manipulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "photographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stratified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "greater": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 44, "prob": 0.0003643756547375046}, "considerably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modern": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "seen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concentration": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "seek": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ideas": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mechanism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "note": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dilemmas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "achieving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "geographers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vegetation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experienced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "normal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "who": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "reach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assesses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exercised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "experiences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "significant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organization": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "upland": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 100, "prob": 0.0008281264880397832}, "intergroup": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adopt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cover": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "professional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phenomenon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "random": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asylum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ground": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "northern": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "means": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "vascular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "processes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medicines": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obscure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "freshwater": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "art": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "constructing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reference": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achieved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "relative": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "legacy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "declined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surfaces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complementary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outside": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "date,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "europe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "site,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inextricably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opposition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "police": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interpretations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paradigms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prescription": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sediments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "region": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drug": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foreign": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "s": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "synoptic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reasons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "had": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sampling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "aerial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "throughout": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "speak": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "union": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "three": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initiation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ireland": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "expected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "location": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "c": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enterprises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expenditure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "those": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "case": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "divisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contexts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seeking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tribal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prominence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "near": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "century": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discourses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "it": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "surface": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "encountered": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "middle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "attributed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 52, "prob": 0.0004306257737806873}, "comparative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largest": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "liberal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "events": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflict": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "european": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "used": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "palynological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "excavated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "renewable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reflection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "savings": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ireland,": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "position": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pollen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domestic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "actions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "violent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alternative": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disseminate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mobility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "samples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "has": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "unprecedented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kingdom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involuntary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fieldwork": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cultural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "historic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "birth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "symbolism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tradition,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consensus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "popular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "library": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "towards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pricing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theatrical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "stability,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "legal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intersections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "restructuring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "littoral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "post": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manufacturing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "stage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "stone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carried": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "origins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "saddle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 86, "prob": 0.0007121887797142135}, "citizens": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concentrations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discusses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "block": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "own": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neutrality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accounts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coastal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "artifacts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specifically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "imperial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heritage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "catholics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "granules": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "societal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "boys": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "construction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sustained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "ceremonies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protestant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "places": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "staged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "define": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "penal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "christian,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "irish": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "politico": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "britain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "politics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "education": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "identities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "functions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peace": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "scholarly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "republic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatial": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "class": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "subjects,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pottery": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "land": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "factors": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "oral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "original": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mountains,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}