{"total_words": 1249, "documents": ["In a retrospective study of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) in Italy from 1972 to 1986, we found 79 cases which fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for CJD. The annual mortality rate was 0.09 cases per million inhabitants. In this series the female to male ratio was 2.59, a value significantly higher than that found in Italian population (1.05). The mean age at death was 62.1 \u00b1 9.4 years and the mean duration of the disease was 5.3 \u00b1 3.0 months. No familial cases of CJD were found in our series. Mental deterioration was present in all of our cases, myoclonus in 85% and the other clinical signs were present at a lower rate. Periodic EEG activity was found in 92% of the cases. Two patients had had neurological or ophthalmic surgery and 17% of our cases had undergone general surgery within 5 years prior to the clinical onset of CJD.\n      </p>", "The floristic differentiation of the deciduous Quercus frainetto forests along the climatic gradients of Apennine Italy has been studied. The ecological amplitude of this oak, and the bioclimatological relationships here assessed, suggest potentiality for the growth of Q. frainetto-rich communities as broad zonal vegetation belt, ranging from NW to SE along the W side of peninsular Italy. Strong floristical and ecological similarities to the balcanic stands are described. The status of real vegetation belt for the Italian Quercion frainetto s.l. is here emphasized.\n      </p>", "Three different restriction enzymes (PstI, EcoRI, SspI) were used to analyze the total genomic DNA fingerprints of 52 Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib) isolates collected between 1982 and 1992 from patients and carriers in central-northern Italy. The same isolates were also characterized by biotyping and antimicrobial agent susceptibility typing. In addition, 13 Hib reference strains from Sweden and the Netherlands were subjected to DNA fingerprinting and compared to Italian isolates. Both genotypic and phenotypic analysis revealed low variability among the Italian study isolates. Most were biotype I and all study isolates but one were susceptible to ampicillin, chloramphenicol, rifampin, third-generation cephalosporins and cotrimoxazole. Among the 52 Italian isolates, 3 distinct DNA patterns were identified, and 88.5% of study strains belonged to the same DNA group. There was sharing of the predominant DNA profile among isolates cultured in different years from different geographical areas and different invasive, respiratory and surface infections. However, another DNA pattern was only found in carrier isolates and in one surface infection isolate. Comparison by DNA fingerprinting showed that the majority of Italian isolates were closely related to most of the analyzed Swedish and Dutch reference strains, previously shown by other techniques to be predominant in those areas. This finding provides additional support for the hypothesis that there may be a dominant European Hib clone. The results show that DNA fingerprinting is a reliable method for Hib characterization and may be a useful additional epidemiological tool for this microorganism.\n      </p>", "Reports of a few apparently autochtonous cases of human histoplasmosis and results of epidemiological research suggested the autochthonous presence of the disease in Italy. Identifying two new histologically documented cases of Italian patients, who had never been abroad, and, the positive results of a histoplasmin reactivity survey carried out in the Province of Cremona, Italy confirmed this possibility.\n      </p>", "Based on the official reports received from local health laboratories, an epidemiological analysis of malaria cases reported in Italy from 1989 to 1992 is presented. A total of 1,941 cases were reported, 1,287 among Italians and 654 among foreigners. The incidence of cases was on average 500 per year with a maximum in 1990. A slight, but constant decrease of incidence of malaria cases was recorded in this period among Italian citizens (-21.5%), while the incidence among foreigners increased (+80%). Plasmodium falciparum accounted for 74.2% of total infections, followed by P. vivax (19%). The highest number of cases was imported from Africa (86.5%), followed by Asia, South America, and Oceania. 11 cases were contracted in Europe (transfusion, airport and cryptic malaria). 26 people died from malaria during the four years, with a fatality rate of 2.3% among Italians. Other epidemiological features concerning incidence in the different categories of travellers, countries of infection, clinical and therapeutic aspects of cases, are also discussed.\n      </p>", "We investigated wolf (Canis lupus)- and dog-livestock conflicts (1992-1995) and costs of compensation (1991-1995) in the Tuscany region of central Italy. The regional indemnity program cost US $345,000 (\u00b1 93,000 SD) annually. Most depredations (95.2%) involved sheep, with a mean (\u00b1 SD) annual loss of 2,550 \u00b1 730 sheep, or 0.35% of the regional stock. Sheep lost to predators by province were correlated with sheep density within areas containing wolves ( $r_{s}=0.88,\\ n=9,\\ P=0.0015$ ), but marked geographical and temporal fluctuations were reported in compensation costs. Highest levels of conflict were observed in the provinces at the border of the regional wolf range, where livestock was left unattended most of the year and sheep density reached its highest regional levels. Based on 527 reports of approved claims during 1992-1995 from the National Health System, depredations were highly seasonal, increasing steadily from spring to early fall, possibly following trends in sheep availability on pastures and density fluctuations of local wolf packs. An average of 3 sheep (range = 1-18) were killed per attack (n = 483), and 42% of the attacks involved killing of \u22642 sheep. Additionally, 21-113 sheep were killed or attacked in mass slaughters which comprised 2.3% of the depredation events and 19% of the sheep lost. Depredations also resulted in 35% (n = 168) of sheep injured and 33% (n = 158) missing. Most sheep depredations occurred during the night, in pastures interspersed with wood or vegetative cover, and involved free-ranging flocks unattended by either the shepherd or guard dogs. High levels of conflict occurred in localized areas of intensive sheep production; 6% of the affected farms and 8% of the affected municipalities accounted for 32% of the sheep lost to both wolves and dogs at the regional level. Compensation programs alone were not effective in reducing the conflict or in preventing illegal, private efforts to control wolf numbers. Improved husbandry should be encouraged and facilitated through financial incentives and public education.\n      </p>", "Population size of European otters (Lutra lutra) was estimated in Pollino National Park (southern Italy) by genetic typing of fresh feces collected in the field. Of 187 fecal samples gathered, 185 (98.9%) yielded otter DNA, 77 (41.2%) were successfully typed, and 23 different genotypes were identified. A nonlinear regression between the number of typed spraints and the cumulative number of identified genotypes was repeated after randomization of the sample until it gave an estimated otter population of 34-37 animals (0.18-0.20 otters/km of watercourse). The applied method represents a valuable conservation tool, combining the advantages of an indirect survey with the accuracy of an exhaustive census.\n      </p>", "During a 5-year period, from 1993 to 1997, nocardial infection was diagnosed in 26 patients admitted to hospitals in 11 cities in Italy. Pathogens were identified as Nocardia asteroides in 18 cases, as N. farcinica in five cases, as N. nova in two and as N. brasiliensis in one case. All cases were difficult to diagnose, as usually it happens with this disease: physicians have to be alert to suspect nocardial infection so that appropriate therapy can be early given. This is the second retrospective report on Nocardia spp. infection conducted in Italy, suggesting the utility to organise a permanent network for a national survey system for nocardiosis.\n      </p>", "The new Italian policy to off-patent products, although similar to recent reforms in other European countries, seems to use some interesting instruments and has achieved significant results in the past 2 years. In particular, the prices of branded products have been reduced for all active ingredients where a generic version is available. However, this strategy may raise some problems in the longer term. Our analysis identified two open issues that might limit the long-term sustainability of the present scheme: the limited diffusion of generics and the reallocation of demand. The first stems from the new regulatory schemes which equate generics to branded off-patent products and exploit their presence only to cut prices. The second is favored by tough price competition that induces large companies to divert demand towards more profitable \"me-too drugs.\" Solutions exist, but they are not easy to apply because so many difficulties arise when certain aspects of a long-standing equilibrium are modified.\n      </p>", "The recent epidemiological trends of human leptospirosis in Italy were investigated using data collected for the years 1981-1985. A total of 626 hospitalized patients with clinical diagnoses of suspected leptospirosis were reported by hospital centers from several Italian regions. Epidemiological, clinical and seroimmunological data were collected in 517 of these cases and examined by the National Center for Leptospirosis. Serological findings in 33.5% of these subjects met the criteria for confirmation of the disease. In 21.8% of the subjects, low titer antibodies were detected, which possibly reflected previous leptospiral infections. An early antibiotic treatment of the current infection may also have lowered the seroimmunological response in some of these patients. In 59.3% of the confirmed cases, modes of transmission were allotted equally between accidental events and recreational or occupational activities. Drinking water from an open air fountain emerged as an uncommon mode of transmission; it was responsible for an outbreak of 33 cases of leptospirosis. In another 37.07% of the subjects, it was impossible to establish the mode of transmission. Respiratory or influenza-like symptoms were the only clinical signs of illness in 21.2% of the patients with confirmed leptospirosis. In comparison to the sixties and seventies, the prevalence of infecting serovars showed increasing incidence of infections due to serovars of the Javanica (11.0%) and Australis (11.0%) serogroups and an important decrease in the Bataviae serogroup infections (from 58.8% in rice-field workers in the forties to 0.6% in the years 1981-1985). Sejroe serogroup infections accounted for 4.5 per cent of confirmed cases of leptospirosis. In 49.7% of subjects with confirmed leptospirosis, cross-agglutination at the same titre with two or more serowars of different sero-groups occurred, thus preventing the identification of the serogroup of the infecting strain.\n      </p>", "Asthma is a major public health problem, with variable trends in several countries. We analysed mortality trends from asthma in Italy and Spain between 1980 and 1996. Overall asthma-related mortality at all ages increased between 1980 and 1987 in both sexes in Italy, from 16.6 in 1980-1981 to 29.0 in 1986-1987 per million males, and from 8.0 in 1980-1981 to 13.8 in 1986-1987 per million females, but decreased thereafter to reach 14.6 per million in males and 8.7 in females in 1996. The downward trends after 1987 were consistent in middle age and elderly population, but asthma mortality tended to rise in children and young adults over the last few years. In Spain, overall age-standardized mortality rates from asthma declined in men from 37.8 in 1980-1981 to 10.1 in 1996, and from 19.5 in 1980-1981 to 13.2 per million females in 1996. In women, the fall in mortality rates was smaller, and overall mortality was higher than in males since early 1990s. Trends of asthma mortality in Italy and Spain were favourable over the last decade.\n      </p>", "At the end of 1988 an outbreak of trichinellosis involving 48 persons occurred in a small town in Central Italy, near the Appennine mountains. The epidemic was caused by the ingestion of sausages recently made with wild boar meat. The people affected were mostly relatives and friends of hunters. Trichinella larvae were found in boar meat sausages and in cats fed with raw leftovers and proved to be Trichinella sp. 3 at biochemical typing. This species of parasite is the most frequently isolated species of Trichinella in Italy and other Southern European countries. Clinically the epidemic has shown a typical, uncomplicated febrile course in most patients, but two patients showed signs of cardiac damage and one intense abdominal pain, suggesting an acute abdomen.\n      </p>", "For the last ten years, meningococcal disease has been endemic in Italy with an annual average of 900 cases (rate of 1.6/100,000). The age specific attack rate has been highest for children under one year of age, and the majority of cases have been due to serogroup B. During 1985, the epidemiology of meningococcal disease changed substantially: twice as many cases were observed in males as in females. There was a shift toward older age groups, with the highest number of cases occurring in the 15-24 year old age group (25%). The frequency in army recruits was 17.3/100,000, as opposed to 1/100,000 for the general population. Serogroup C caused the majority of cases (75.8% of the isolates). The proportion of strains resistant to sulfonamides was 71.1%, while only one strain was resistant to rifampin and none to minocyclin. Seven secondary cases occurred (2%): in five, chemoprophylaxis was inappropriate (sulfonamide), and in two, no drug was given. A single co-primary case was seen. We conclude that in Italy, the use of sulfa drugs as chemoprophylactic agents is not warranted at present, compulsory vaccination of army recruits with bivalent vaccine (A+C) is advisable, and the shift in age distribution of cases and the high predominance of serogroup C increases the need for careful surveys.\n      </p>", "Meningococcal disease in Italy decreased by 13.4% from 1988 to 1989. The incidence rate was 0.5/100,000 in the general population and 1.3/100,000 in army recruits. The highest proportion of cases (27%) was seen in subjects 5-14 years old. The sex ratio was 1.3. Forty-four percent of the isolates belonged to serogroup B; 37% belonged to group C. Forty-six percent of the strains were resistant to sulphonamides and 10% were resistant to minocycline; only 4% were resistant to rifampicin. None of the four military cases observed could be attributed to vaccine failure. One secondary case and no coprimary cases were observed among civilians. The shift in prevalence from serogroup C to serogroup B isolates is the most important finding of this study.\n      </p>", "This paper focuses on the formative period of 'Italian design' which, as documented subsequently by historians, reached its apogee in the early 1960s. It sets out to unpack the complex relationship between art, craft, artisanal production and design in these years concentrating on the role played by the third category in the early 1950s, especially as manisfested in the exhibition 'Italy at Work'. It seeks to recontextualize what was referred to, at the time, as 'handicraft' or 'folk art' within the economic and ideological framework of the period and to show its important role both in providing a necessary continuity and in enabling innovation of a certain kind to take place. An emphasis is placed on the role of the USA in these years and of individual architect-designers, especially Gio Ponti and Ettore Sottsass, who positioned themselves within current debates. The paper argues that the mature neo-modern Italian design movement took on board some of the defining characteristics of handicraft, and that a respect for tradition was crucial in the formation of the new aesthetic.\n      </p>", "Childhood and adolescent obesity prevalence rates have steadily increased in industrialised countries in the last 20 years. Current rates of obesity range between 6 and 30%. Several studies showed that risk factors for weight gain in school age are strongly linked to low physical activity and family environmental factors (parents' education and job, number of family members, number of hours spent on watching television, etc.). In order to plan a nutritional and health educational programme, a study was conducted on the nutritional status of the school age population of the Province of Frosinone, Central Italy, and family factors that can influence it. Three percentage of the school age population of the Province of Frosinone (2053 students) and their families were randomly sampled from the Province school district database. In each of the 12 recruited schools, a meeting with teachers and students was arranged to discuss aims and methods of research and to collect informed consent by students. Each student was interviewed about physical activity, and underwent the following measurements: height, weight, bicipital, tricipital, sub-scapular and over-iliacal skinfolds, sexual development. Students' parents were asked to answer a questionnaire about family structure, parents' educational level and job, parents' height and weight, presence in the family of pathologies as hypertension or diabetes. One thousand three hundred fifty-seven students (66% of the target population) and 1802 parents (66.5% of the responders' population) agreed to enter the study. Students' age range was 8 years (11-19 years; mean age was 14.9, SD, 2.55). Among them 8.4% were considered obese, with a higher prevalence in male population (9.8%) as compared to female population (6.5%). Of these responders, 21.4% were considered at risk of overweight with no statistical difference due to gender. Statistically significant correlations of teenagers' risk of overweight and obesity with nutritional conditions of parents, mother's educational level and amount of weekly physical activity were observed. Number of children in the family, parents' age and job do not appear to be correlated to obesity or risk of overweight. Our results show that, although the prevalence of obesity in the students population in the Province of Frosinone is comparable to other Italian Provinces and lower than other industrialised countries such as USA, the percentage of students at risk of overweight is particularly high. Main risk factors for developing obesity seem to be linked to parents' nutritional conditions, mother's educational level and children's physical inactivity and this should lead to intensify efforts for preventive interventions both at family level (focused on parents) and at school.\n      </p>", "Regional results of a seroepidemiological study and official notification data are evaluated to describe the situation of tetanus in Italy. Tetanus incidence has been decreasing during the past years. Vaccination has been the principal means of tetanus prevention. Trend analyses for sex- and age-specific rates suggest a change of exposure, presumably linked to the transformation of the Italian society after the World War II, a higher incidence among the elderly as a function of poor coverage and vanishing immunity. Regional data show remarkable variability in prevalence of susceptible population. Reported rates by region are different. Different degrees of regional underreporting in case notification is suggested.\n      </p>", "This study evaluated the costs of diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy by prognostic group in referral centers for epilepsy. Data were collected in a multicenter retrospective observational study analyzing individual costs in a sample of 708 patients from 16 Italian centers. Patients were classified into five prognostic groups: remission, occasional seizure, active non-drug-resistant, drug-resistant seizures, and surgical candidates. The total cost per patient was 81.4 euros for the remission group, 227.6 euros for the occasional seizures group, 316.6 euros for the active non-drugresistant group, 415.6 euros for the drug-resistant seizures group, and 581.8 euros for surgical candidates. Despite the limitations related to the short observation period (2 months) and the inclusion only of referral centers, this study provides some interesting information about the cost of treatment of epilepsy in Italy, underlining the wide differences between the single cost components for the various prognostic groups.\n      </p>", "The vascular flora of pedologically conditioned, extensive dry grasslands occurring in a very rainy area of north-eastern Italy, was submitted to phytogeographic analysis. The distributional ranges of 144 species were digitized into two presence-absence matrices of species and Operational Geographic Units (quadrants), one covering Europe, the other, limited to 56 species with extra-European distributions, extended to the Northern Hemisphere north of the Tropic of Cancer. These matrices were submitted to numerical classification, obtaining clusters of species with similar distributional patterns (chorotypes). For each cluster of species, the percent occurrencies in each quadrant were processed by a program of automatic mapping, producing a series of isoporic maps showing the joint distribution of the species of each cluster. The species can be subdivided into six main phytogeographical groups: (1) Narrow-ranging (34% of the total), including the endemic, subendemic, Illyrian-Balcanic and NW submediterranean elements, (2) Southern European-Submediterranean (18.8%), (3) Wide-ranging European (16.6%), (4) Eastern-Pontic (7.6%), (5) Southern Eurasiatic (10.5%), (6) Northern Eurasiatic (12.5%). The phytogeographic originality of the investigated grasslands is high, with more than one third of the species having narrow distributional ranges. Particularly relevant are the connections with the Balkanic-Illyrian and the eastern Alpine regions.\n      </p>", "Union dissolution is a constantly increasing phenomenon across Europe\u2014even in Italy where the prevalence of divorce has always been among the lowest. This poses several questions on the potential consequences of such an event on the families involved. Many studies show that women usually experience the worst financial consequences, although there are few analyses on Italy, given the relatively low levels of union instability. In this work we study the impact of separation on the economic well-being of men and women using data from the European Community Household Panel (ECHP), analyzed using both objective and subjective measures. By means of a matching method, we also estimate the effect of union dissolution, taking account of possible variations according to the different living arrangements adopted by ex-partners after separation. Results confirm that women experience worse economic distress than men. However, there is also a significant drop in economic well-being among non-custodial fathers who live alone after separation. In addition, it is found that income-based measures do not encapsulate all the dimensions of well-being, and therefore need to be complemented with other measures. /// Les ruptures \u010f union sont en hausse constante en Europe-m\u00eame en Italie o\u00f9 la fr\u00e9quence des divorces est parmi les plus basses. Cette tendance soul\u00e8ve diff\u00e9rentes questions sur les cons\u00e9quences des ruptures sur les families concern\u00e9es. De nombreuses \u00e9tudes ont montr\u00e9 que c'\u00e9taient les femmes qui subissaient les cons\u00e9quences financi\u00e8res les plus d\u00e9favorables, mais la situation est mal connue en Italie, du fait de la raret\u00e9 relative du ph\u00e9nom\u00e8ne. Nous analysons l'impact de la s\u00e9paration sur le bien-\u00eatre \u00e9conomique des hommes et des femmes \u00e0 partir des donn\u00e9es du Panel Europ\u00e9en des M\u00e9nages (ECHP), en nous appuyant \u00e0 la fois sur des mesures objectives et subjectives. A l'aide d'appariements, les effets des ruptures \u010f unions sont estim\u00e9s, en consid\u00e9rant une variation possible suivant le type de menage dans lequel les anciens conjoints s'installent apr\u00e8s la separation. Les r\u00e9sultats conf\u00ecrment l'existence de plus grandes diff\u00eccult\u00e9s \u00e9conomiques chez les femmes. Toutefois, il y a \u00e9galement une chute significative de bien-\u00eatre \u00e9conomique parmi les p\u00e8res qui n'ont pas la garde des enfants et vivent seuls apr\u00e8s la s\u00e9paration. En outre, il appara\u00eet que les mesures bas\u00e9es sur le revenu ne refl\u00e8tent pas toutes les dimensions du bien-\u00eatre, et doivent par consequent \u00eatre compl\u00e9t\u00e9es par d'autres mesures.\n      </p>", "Nine strains of ETEC isolated in Italy have been compared with 13 isolates from Somalia with respect to toxin production, serotype and antimicrobial resistance pattern. None of the strains isolated from Italy belonged to any serotype or serogroups found among the strains from Somalia. Remarkable differences between the two groups of isolates were also observed with regard to the susceptibility to antimicrobials and the presence of R-plasmids. These findings suggest that ETEC strains isolated in Italy are not related to the strains widespread in Somalia and, generally, in developing countries.\n      </p>", "A brief history of the vegetation mapping in Italy is described. The principal types of maps are physiognomical, of vegetation belts, of vegetation series, phytosociological, of dynamical tendencies in vegetation, ecological, of potential vegetation and environmental. The first botanical map of whole Italy was made by Fiori in 1908 and it is of physiognomical type. The last one was realized by Pedrotti in 1989 and represents the natural potential vegetation (in 1:1 500 000 scale).\n      </p>", "The definition of an explicit health benefit package in Italy has gained importance because of devolution of powers from the national level to the regions. The set of services to be guaranteed by the public sector are defined at national level, while regions are accountable for their provision. This contribution discusses the entitlements and the decision criteria adopted by Italian policy-making bodies. Entitlements to services are clearly defined for few sectors (mainly outpatient specialist care); for hospital care the benefit catalogue is vague. The definition of the health benefit package in Italy is an essential element of the relationship between the central government and the regions. It is argued that adequate monitoring systems and accountability procedures are still needed to make the essential levels of care an effective pivotal element of the Italian National Health Service.\n      </p>", "Mire vegetation in the Apuanian Alps (N Italy) is analyzed from the phytosociological and the synecological points of view. Three vegetation types are delimited by numerical methods and compared with mire communities of the Alps and the Apennines. Furthermore, a chorological evaluation of this vegetation is attempted on a floristical basis.\n      </p>", "The objective of this paper is to give an overview of the epidemiological studies completed in Italy during the past 25 years, about the role of occupational exposures on the development of adverse health effects on women. The implications for research developments are also discussed. The epidemiological investigations of selected categories of work-related health effects published in Italy in the years 1970-1995 were identified from the medical literature databases. The total number of studies is 142, including cohort mortality studies (n = 12), case-control studies of different neoplasms (n = 14), investigations of adverse reproductive effects (n = 8) and studies of occupational diseases different from the above (n = 94). In most investigations, women workers were not the main study objective and hence the number of females under study was small. The conclusions is that in Italy, given the dearth of studies of female workers and the preponderance of women in many economic sectors, i.e. the textile and shoe industry, health care, personal services and schools, there is a need to identify women workers in the above industries and occupations as priorities for epidemiological research and surveillance.\n      </p>", "The genus Zelkova contains species which are nowadays distributed in an extremely fragmentary, mainly Asiatic, area. The Island of Crete retains geographically the species nearest to Italy. Fossil leaves and pollen discovered in some sites of Central Italy furnish evidence of the distribution of these trees before and during the Last (Eemian) Interglacial and of their persistence during part of the Last (Wurmian) Glaciation. The evidence is seen in two pollen diagrams from boreholes at Castiglione and Fucino which have stratigraphic continuity; at the base of the series Zelkova reaches conspicuous peaks in a phase which can be correlated with the Eemian Interglacial. During the climatic fluctuations of the last glacial Zelkova disappears in steppe periods and spreads again in favourable times up to the time of extinction, which seems to occur in both series somewhat before the latest glacial acme.\n      </p>", "This cost-of-illness analysis based on information from 921 patients in Italy is part of a Europe-wide cost-of-illness study in multiple sclerosis (MS). The objective was to analyze the costs and quality of life (QoL) related to the level of disease severity and progression. Patients registered with the Italian MS patient organization were asked to participate in a mail survey, and 31% responded. The questionnaire asked for details on the disease (type of disease, relapses, level of functional disability), information on all medical and non-medical resource consumption, and informal care and work capacity (sick leave and early retirement). In addition, patients were asked about their current QoL (in the form of utility) and the level of fatigue. The mean age of respondents was 46 years, and 8.5% were 65 years or older. As many as 20% of patients had severe disease (Expanded Disability Status Scale [EDSS] score of \u22657), 47% had moderate disease (EDSS score of 4-6.5) and only 31% had mild disease (EDSS score of 0-3). The mean EDSS score in the sample was 4.6 (median 5.0), with a utility of 0.53 (range: 0 = death to 1 = full health) and a fatigue level of 6.4 (range: 1 = not tired to 10 = extremely tired). Costs and utility are highly correlated with disease severity. Workforce participation decreases from approximately 80% in early disease to less than 10% in the very late stages. Total costs increase fivefold between an EDSS score of 0-1 and a score of 7. Health-care costs, however, show a limited increase with worsening disease -- hospitalization increases from \u20ac 800 per patient to \u20ac 3200, and ambulatory care increases from \u20ac 900 to \u20ac 1500. Productivity losses, on the other hand, increase by a factor of 12, while informal care increases from \u20ac 500 at an EDSS score of 0-1 to nearly \u20ac 25 000 at an EDSS score of 7, and \u20ac 39 000 at an EDSS score of 8-9. Hence, total mean costs per patient are determined essentially by the distribution of the severity levels in the sample, increasing from \u20ac 12 000 at an EDSS score of 0-1 to \u20ac 57 000 at an EDSS score of 7, and \u20ac 71 000 at an EDSS score of 8-9. The same is true for utility, which decreases from 0.80 to 0.06 as the disease becomes severe. However, the utility loss compared to the age- and gender-matched general population is high at all levels of the disease, leading to an estimated annual loss of 0.3 quality-adjusted life year (QALY) per patient. Relapses for patients with an EDSS score of &amp;lt;5 are associated with a cost of approximately \u20ac 4000 and a utility loss of 0.18 during the quarter in which they occur.\n      </p>", "The objectives of the present report were to give a baseline picture of hepatitis B notification incidence rates in children before the campaign of mass vaccination for newborns and adolescents (12-13 years old), and to study the role of different risk factors. Data from a specific national surveillance system of acute viral hepatitis (SEIEVA, Sistema Epidemiologico Integrato dell'Epatite Virale Acuta) were used and acute hepatitis B cases were compared to acute hepatitis A patients with the case-control study method to estimate the associations with the considered risk factors. Since the system began, one hundred and sixty-three local health departments have joined SEIEVA covering 30% of the Italian population. The incidence of acute hepatitis B notifications among 0-14 aged children was 9 per 100,000 in 1985 and 1 per 100,000 in 1990. Such decline in incidence was observed in both the North and the South of Italy. Surgical interventions, dental therapy and household contacts with a HBsAg chronic carrier were found to be associated with acute hepatitis B. The point estimate of the odds ratio was 10 for the latter risk factor. Other preventive measures in addition to vaccination are needed to control the risk of hepatitis B infection and other parenteral diseases due to surgical intervention and dental therapy.\n      </p>", "The aim of this study was to determine whether socio-economical status (SES) is associated with overweight and obesity in prepuberal children. In an area of North-Western Italy a sample of 1420 children, aged 10-11 years, had his/her height and weight recorded, (overweight and obesity were defined, respectively, as relative body weight \u2265 120% and \u2265 140%), and parents were requested to compile a questionnaire exploring some demographic and social conditions. 23% of the sample resulted overweight or obese. Prevalence rate ratios (PRR) of overweight and obesity (together) were calculated, adjusting for parents' age, parents' area of birth, and school district. PRR for mother's lowest educational level compared to the highest was 1.59 (95% CI: 1.19-2.13), while for father's education was 1.21 (0.90-1.63). PRRs for 'unemployed' or 'manual' mother compared to 'upper non manual' were respectively 1.83 (1.20-2.79) and 2.20 (1.31-3.68), while for 'unemployed' or 'manual' father were 2.63 (1.97-2.63), and 1.63 (1.27-2.09). The cultural resources of the mother, and the economical resources of the family seem to influence the prevalence of weight gain in prepuberal children. This should be taken into account when planning programs for the prevention or reduction of obesity in children.\n      </p>", "To define the pattern of HAV infection in Italy and to study the differences among geographic areas (northern, central and southern Italy) and age-classes, we performed HAV antibody testing on sera collected in 1996\u20131997 from a large sample of the Italian population and compared the results with those of other seroprevalence studies and with incidence data for the period 1985\u20132005, calculated by a surveillance system specific for acute viral hepatitis based on symptomatic cases. A total of 3,561 sera, collected by hospital-based reference laboratories in 18 out of 20 Italian Regions, were tested; 1,138 (32%, 95% CI: 30.5\u201333.5) were positive. The age-adjusted prevalence was 60.1% and the age-specific rates were among the highest rates reported in Europe in the 1990s. The ageadjusted seropre valence showed a significant north\u2013south gradient, increasing from 55% in northern Italy to 68% in southern Italy. Age and area of residence were found to be strong predictors of previous HAV infection: the marked increase in prevalence with increasing age represents a strong cohort effect. In northern Italy, a marked increase with age was observed beginning with the 20- to 29-year age-class, whereas in southern Italy, such an increase was observed beginning with the 12- to 19-year age-class, indicating that northern Italy preceded southern Italy by 10\u201320 years in terms of improvements in hygiene and sanitation. The incidence of HAV infection shows an evident peak in 1997, when an outbreak occurred in southern Italy, mainly affecting 15- to 24-year-old individuals. In the period from 1998 to 2005, the incidence drastically decreased (average of 3.2/100,000 inhabitants), reaching a minimum of 2/100,000 inhabitants in 2005.\n      </p>", "Bangladeshis are one of a wide variety of recently established immigrant groups in Italy, analysed here as an example of the interaction of geopolitics, employment and survival strategies, and the micropolitics of the community's organization in Italy. The geopolitics involves events in Bangladesh (change of government), Italy (the Martelli Law and other legislation), Europe (EU and other European policies, and the opening of eastern Europe as a routeway) and the Gulf. The micropolitics concerns mechanisms of immigration, migration sponsorship, connections to Italian political groups and clientelistic relationships within the community. Micropolitics also governs to a large extent the types of mostly informal work done by Bangladeshis in Rome.\n      </p>", "A population-based series of 4,764 women from Piedmont, Italy, who were diagnosed with breast cancer during 1979-81 and for whom information on social and demographic factors was available, was followed-up for mortality until 1986 or 1987. Relative survival rates at one, three, and five years were 94.6, 81.6, and 71.1 percent, respectively, and were similar to those of other European series. Women aged 40-49 years at diagnosis experienced a better survival than women in other age groups. The mortality was highest between one and four years after diagnosis, and lowest between five and seven years. Survival rates were lowest for women above the age of 80, and single women had a worse prognosis than married women. Women with less than seven years of education had nonsignificantly lower survival rates than more educated women. No difference in survival was found according to occupation, size of town of residence, place of birth, or type of hospital.\n      </p>", "Ornithogalum umbratile (Sect. Ornithogalum), a new endemic species from Gargano (Apulia, Italy), is described on the basis of morphological, palynological and karyological characters as well as ecological tolerances. The species is usually hexaploid (2n = 54 + 0-4 accessory chromosomes), but occasionally heptaploid (2n = 63 + 1B). Differences with allied Italian taxa, especially O. etruscum, are discussed.\n      </p>", "The authors present a worldwide review of isolations of Cryptococcus neoformans, var. neoformans and C. neoformans var. gattii from animals and vegetation, referring in particular to the already well-known association of the former variety with Eucalyptus camaldulensis. They then review the Italian situation relative to this association and their studies carried out in Central Italy: in Latina (Lazio), Pisa, Viareggio and Lake Massaciuccoli (Tuscany). From the 256 E. camaldulensis trees examined C. neoformans var. gattii was not isolated. An E. camaldulensis tree situated in the nature reserve on Lake Massaciuccoli proved to be positive for C. neoformans var. neoformans. This variety was isolated from the leaves, flowers, bark and the debris at the foot of the tree, suggesting that it had colonized the entire tree and that it was capable of developing not only on its usual habitat (bird guano, soil rich with guano) but also on Eucalyptus trees. The identity of the isolates was confirmed by their genomic profiles obtained by random amplification polymorphic DNA (RAPD) with the primer $({\\rm GACA})_{4}$ . The presence of a single genotype indicates a sole source of contamination, perhaps brought by a bird coming from a contaminated environment.\n      </p>", "Research on the geography of political movements has tended to emphasize the social processes which produce support for the movements rather than the geographical objectives of the movements and the political basis of their appeal. This paper examines the rise of the Northern League in northern Italy in terms of the movement's rhetoric and support. The key argument is that this movement shifted its rhetoric from regional separatism to national populism as it gained in electoral strength in northern Italy and as the established parties of government collapsed. The original rhetoric of regionalism has given way to a rhetoric of national political renewal based on a projection of 'northern' political virtues. Although localistic in its social roots the Northern League has been drawn into a national political discourse in which national political ambitions have displaced regional ones. For even the most devotedly local of parties regional ambitions were not enough. This has implications for all forms of politics based on drawing an opposition between the local and the national.\n      </p>", "The symbolic appropriation of mountains may be a universal phenomenon, yet it can also be highly specific to one religion or confession, located in one region and historical context. An interesting case in point is \"Catholic Alpinism\" in the Italian Alps. This popular movement began around the mid-19th century, when some curates, based in upland communities, some educators and some urban priests identified the mountains as a place for wholesome enjoyment and austere education. It was not that the Catholic world had totally lacked an interest in the mountains before. But in order to create a new way of mountaineering, it was necessary, first of all, to change the negative image of mountains which had taken root in European culture and had been codified during the early modern period. After the change occurred, the number of priest-scientists exploring the Alps increased steadily. Yet for \"Catholic Alpinism\" to take off, other meanings had to be read into the mountains. Crucial was the challenge by the British: Catholic Alpinism set in as an alternative to the expansion of British sporting alpinism (based more on Protestant creeds), and later, to increasingly extreme forms of physical effort and political nationalism. The Catholic form represented a different way of using the mountains. \"The rocks should be a path to virtue,\" stated one Italian theologian in 1921. Seventy years later, and against the background of a completely changed ideological and political situation, another theologian maintained that alpinism would only have a future if \"a return to spirit\" occurred.\n      </p>", "From the population covered by the Lombardy Cancer Registry (northern Italy), all 2,259 lung cancer patients diagnosed from 1976 to 1981 were followed through 30 November 1989. The length of follow-up ranged from eight to 13 years. A special investigation on long-term survivors showed that a negligible proportion (0.01 percent) of errors occur in determining life status when an active follow-up is adopted. Age, stage, and histotype were found to be statistically significant, independent, prognostic factors in multivariate analysis both by the Cox model and by a model considering the relative survival. Observed survival was 29 percent at one year after diagnosis, 13 percent at two years, eight percent at three years, five percent at five years and two percent at 10 years. Survival decreased with age, but the youngest patients of both sexes showed lower survival compared with immediately subsequent ages. Among morphologically confirmed tumors, epidermoid carcinomas and adenocarcinomas showed the highest survival (38 percent and 33 percent at one year, respectively); small cell carcinomas showed the poorest prognosis (one-year survival, 23 percent). Beyond the second year after diagnosis, differences between histotypes became slighter. Survival according to stage showed a decreasing pattern from limited to advanced tumors, one-year figures being 41 percent for localized tumors, 27 percent for regional metastasis, and three percent for distant metastasis. Relative survival in Varese was compared with that reported by other cancer registries in Western countries: the variability noted could be related to different modalities of registration and to different distribution of clinical and demographic factors.\n      </p>", "The Lega Nord (Northern League) regionalist party, which has risen to prominence in Italy in recent years, has a specific geographical focus to its political project. This is premised essentially upon the protection of Northern Italian economic (and cultural) interests, however, this geographical focus has been modified during the Lega Nord's relatively short political history. This paper explores the reasons why there have been various shifts in geographical emphasis in the party's political rhetoric as well as the ways in which support for the Lega Nord has changed (or not) as a result of these changes. Interestingly, the latest shift in the Lega Nord's rhetoric has seen the party attempting to construct (and invent) a geography and an ethnicity for a place it calls 'Padania' (which roughly corresponds to North and Central Italy) that has never existed administratively or historically. However, as the paper argues, the Lega Nord's attempts to create a 'Padanian' political identity, have not been matched by any significant changes in its electoral geography.\n      </p>", "The second known case of sporotrichosis caused by Sporothrix schenckii var. luriei in a patient living in Piacenza, Italy is described. In the absence of cultures, the diagnosis was based on histologic studies. Stained tissue sections (Hematoxylin and eosin, &amp; Gomori methenamine silver) revealed hyaline, large, thick walled tissue form cells that had divided by septation or a budding process. These forms, along with the striking \"eyeglass\" configuration of incompletely separated cells that were also present, are the diagnostic features of this apparently rare variety. The use of a fluorescent antibody reagent, specific for S. schenckii, confirmed the identity of the etiologic agent.\n      </p>", "A natural population of Talpa romana was radiotracked in central Italy, close to the type locality of the species. We assessed the territorial behavior of the species, which is inferred from use of exclusive core areas. Some spatial overlap was observed between the home ranges of animals of different sex, more specifically between the home range of a male and those of neighboring females. Temporal variation of core areas suggests that they represent portions of the home range intensively exploited for food resources on a short-term basis, while maintenance of the entire home range is possibly related to the probability of mating and availability of food in the long term.\n      </p>", "Mortality data from official sources, and survival data from population-based cancer registries, are used for the estimation of incidence and prevalence of stomach cancer. Time trends of morbidity, survival, and mortality during the period 1970-90 are presented and analyzed. Incidence rates were decreasing during the considered period, but the rate of decrease was slowing down during the last decade. Almost stable rates, and even slightly increasing for women, were estimated for the youngest cohorts. Relative survival for stomach cancer was higher for women and for young ages; it was associated positively with period of diagnosis, and presented a significant South-North geographic gradient. Prevalence was estimated as decreasing during the period 1970-80, but increasing during the successive decade, due to both better survival and population aging. Projection of stomach cancer morbidity and mortality to the year 2000 showed that the disease should still be considered in Italy as a major public health problem.\n      </p>", "A seroepidemiological study was conducted in 1994 on a representative sample of the population of Florence in order to verify the immunity coverage against diphtheria. Subjects were divided according to sex and age class. Sera from each selected class were at least 1.5/1000 of the residing population. Diphtheria antitoxin was titrated using a quantitative ELISA test. The results show an overall adjusted prevalence of diphtheria immunity (\u2265 0.01 IU/ml) equal to 63.7%. Subjects of younger age classes have good protection levels (85.5% immune under 30 years), while only half individuals aged \u2265 50 years have antibody titres \u2265 0.01 IU/ml. Full protection (antibody titre \u2265 0.1 IU/ml) was detected only in a very small proportion of those aged \u2265 40 years. Our data show (1) how a recrudescence of diphtheria could theoretically take place in older subjects living in Italy, and (2) stress the importance of periodical re-vaccination of adults.\n      </p>", "Verotoxin-producing Escherichia coli 0157:H7 was isolated for the first time in Italy from a child with hemolytic-uremic syndrome and his asymptomatic sister. Both parents remained asymptomatic, and neither had evidence of this infection. The source of the infection was not identified, but the children had eaten ground beef during the 15 days prior to the onset of symptoms.\n      </p>", "During the period from January to May 1994, the prevalence of antibodies to hepatitis A virus infection (anti-HAV) was tested by immunoenzyme assay in the serum samples of 620 apparently healthy subjects (81% males, 19% females), from 10 to 29 years old, resident in North-East Italy (Pordenone and surrounding district). The overall prevalence of anti-HAV was 3.7%. There was a significant lower prevalence in the group aged 10-19 than in the one aged 20-29 years (0.7% vs 6%; p &lt; 0.001). Moreover, a significant sex difference was observed for the 20-29 year age group (p &lt; 0.001). Among the various risk factors considered, family size and travelling abroad to endemic areas were significantly associated with HAV infection. Since a valid and effective vaccine against HAV infection has recently become available, anti-HAV vaccination campaigns can feasibly be programmed. However, different geographical regions present different epidemiological situations, so its use should be adapted to each region, with special attention to the cost-effectiveness of the immunisation programme. Our data suggest that in our region such vaccination could initially be proposed to high-risk subjects such as those travelling to endemic areas.\n      </p>", "The role of alcohol consumption in the etiology of colorectal cancer has been investigated in a case-control study conducted from 1985 to 1990 in the northern part of Italy, on 889 cases of colon cancer, 581 cases of rectal cancer, and 2,475 controls admitted to hospital for acute, non-neoplastic, nondigestive disorders. After allowance for age, education, study center, body mass index, and approximate total energy intake, no significant associations between alcohol intake and the risk of cancer of the colon or rectum were found (odds ratios [OR] for \u2265 42 drinks/week cf none = 1.0 (95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 0.8-1.4) and 0.7 (CI = 0.5-1.0) for cancer of the colon and rectum, respectively). A significant increase in the risk of colon cancer with increasing alcohol consumption was, however, observed in females (OR for \u2265 28 drinks/week cf none = 1.8 (CI = 1.1-3.0). While the results of the present case-control study do not suggest that alcohol plays a role in the etiology of colon or rectum cancer overall, they provide a hint for a weak association between alcohol consumption and colon cancer among females which, because of the similarities with breast cancer, should be evaluated in the context of the possible relationship between colon cancer, alcohol intake, and female hormones.\n      </p>", "A comprehensive Lyme borreliosis risk assessment process was applied in S. Rossore Estate, on the Tyrrhenian coast, near Pisa, Italy. Host-seeking Ixodes ricinus nymphs peaked in May in oak-dominated deciduous wood (median, Q1- ${\\rm Q}_{3}$ , number of nymphs/50 m dragging = 4.5, 2.5-8), whereas host-seeking larvae peaked in August in the same habitat type (6.0, 4-17/50 m dragging). Prevalence of I. ricinus infestation was 88.9% in wild rodents (n = 11), 64.3% in fallow deer (n = 28) and 0.0% in wild boars (n = 5). Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato was not isolated from rodents' organs, and from 80 I. ricinus nymphs and 50 adults. Moreover, PCR for B. burgdorferi sl carried out on 110 nymphs and 12 adult ticks also gave negative results. Forest workers were at higher risk of tick bite than other Estate Employees (relative risk (RR): 1.7, p = 0.02). In spite of high levels of tick exposure, B. burgdorferi sl specific antibodies were not detected in sera from Estate personnel (n = 30) and sentinel animals (dogs, n = 23, fallow deer, n = 61).\n      </p>", "We report the findings of the study of 4185 food samples and 958 environmental samples collected in Italy in the period 1990-1999 and tested for the presence of Listeria monocytogenes. The strains isolated were biochemically and serologically characterised. We found a fairly high percentage of L. monocytogenes contamination in food (12.8%), whereas the level of contamination was lower in the environment (environment and work surfaces in food processing plants) (6.1%). Serotyping showed a prevalence of a few serotypes (i.e., 1/2a, 1/2b, 1/2c and 4b), which were the same as those found in clinical samples collected during outbreaks and from sporadic cases of listeriosis reported in Italy in the period considered. The geographical distribution of the strains of L. monocytogenes isolated from food samples is very similar to that of the clinical strains.\n      </p>", "During 1994, 603 cases of bacterial meningitis were reported in Italy. Seventy-five percent of cases with determined etiology was due to three agents: Neisseria meningitidis (33.4%), Streptococcus pneumoniae (23.4%) and Haemophilus influenzae (18.6%). The majority of cases due to N. meningitidis and H. influenzae occurred in subjects below five years of age (35.7% and 84.8%, respectively) while S. pneumoniae accounted for 52.8% of meningitis cases in subjects older than 44 year of age. The estimated incidence of N. meningitidis on the national population in 1994 was 0.27 per 100,000. Serogroup B accounted for 62.5% of the serotyped isolates, group C for 23.1%, group A for 7.2%, group W135 for 3.6%, group Y for 1.8%. All tested meningococcal strains were susceptible to penicillin as well as to rifampin. Incidence of meningococcal meningitis in 1994 has been low suggesting that its relative importance compared to other bacteria causing meningitis is likely to change in the future. Therefore, extended surveillance on bacterial meningitis by other etiological agents has to be maintained and implemented in order to undertake the appropriate control measures and evaluate their effect.\n      </p>", "In order to calculate the incidence of hepatitis C virus (HCV) antibodies in blood donors and to verify the efficacy of the pre-donation method (testing blood samples of potential donors at least 3 months in advance of their first donation), we performed a retrospective cohort study in 1995 and in the period 1996-2000 at the blood transfusion unit in Latina (Italy). Third generation ELISA method as well as RIBA-3 were used. 5,978 donors in 1995 and 20,741 in the 1996-2000 period were analysed. The age of donors (prevalently male, 78.5%) was between 18 and 65 (median 38). A total of 110 borderline and 62 positives were found with ELISA, of which 75 borderlines and 42 positives in 1995, and the remaining in the 1996-2000 period (p &gt; 0.5). Percentage of HCV antibodies dropped from 8.5% in 1995 to 5.45% in the 1996-2000 period. The non reactivity and undetermined status were found in 82.1 and 9.4% respectively in 1995, and 69.1 and 25.45% respectively in the 1996-2000 period. The incidence of HCV antibodies was 167.28 cases per 100,000 person-years in 1995 and 4.13 per 100,000 person-years in the 1996-2000 period, 2.5 times lower than the national one. There was a statistically significant association between dental care and RIBA positivity (RR: 2.63; p = 0.045). This study, moreover, evidences how predonation practices, if extended to a national basis, may be able to nullify the dangers associated with post-transfusional hepatitis and to reduce the number of false positives and of blood packs donated but either unused or destroyed.\n      </p>", "A study of the traditional gathered food plants in the upper valley of the Serchio river (Garfagnana), Lucca Province, north-west Tuscany, central Italy, was carried out. One hundred thirty-three species (including fungi), belonging to 48 families, were encountered. The geographical isolation of the valley and the survival of old gastronomic traditions have permitted a rich popular knowledge to be maintained. In particular, the tradition of preparing in springtime a characteristic vegetal soup (minestrella) based on about forty wild vegetables in a very restricted area of the valley might be correlated with influences of pre-Roman civilisations. An uncommon specific food utilization of Bryonia dioica and Prunus laurocerasus as well as the consumption in some districts of Fagus sylvatica seeds, Taxus baccata and Crocus napolitanus fruits as snacks and the very common use of Clematis vitalba shoots seem to demonstrate a well established tradition to use unpalatable vegetal sources. Ethnopharmacological aspects of the consumption of these species are discussed. /// E' stato effettuato uno studio sulla raccolta tradizionale di piante ad uso alimentare nella parte superiore della valle del Serchio (Garfagnana), Provincia di Lucca, Toscana nord-occidentale, Italia centrale. 133 specie (inclusi funghi), appartenenti a 48 famiglie, sono state censite. L'isolamento geografico della valle e la sopravvivenza di vecchie tradizioni gastronomiche hanno permesso ad una ricca conoscenza popolare di mantenersi inalterata fino ai nostri giorni. In particolare, la tradizione della preparazione in primavera di una caratteristica zuppa vegetale (minestrella) basata talvolta su pi\u00f9 di quaranta specie spontanee in un'aerea molto ristretta della valle potrebbe essere messa in relazione ad influenze di civilt\u00e0 pre-romane in quel territorio. L'utilizzazione alimentare non comune di Bryonia dioica e Prunus laurocerasus cos\u00ec come il consumo di semi di Fagus sylvatica, di frutti di Taxus baccata e Crocus napolitanus come snack e l'uso molto comune di giovani parti aeree di Clematis vitalba sembrano dimostrare una consolidata tradizione ad usare fonti vegetali non palatabili. Aspetti etnofarmacologici legati al consumo di queste specie vengono discussi.\n      </p>", "In Italy, the current communicable disease notification system is organised as follows: in each region, Local Health Units (LHU) full in and forward case report forms (CRF) to the Regional Health Authority, which send aggregated and individual notifications to several central-level institutions. In most regions, all data are recorded manually on hard-copy. Although most relevant data from CRFs are eventually entered into a computerised database at the National Institute of Statistics (ISTAT), the national database is only available 3-4 years later and no data-quality control is performed at that time. To improve the quality and timeliness of notification, in 1994, the Istituto Superiore di Sanit\u00e0 (the National Institute of Health) began to develop an experimental computerised surveillance network for communicable diseases (referred to as 'SIMI'). Specifically, a software was created and distributed to the LHUs and the Regional Health Authorities; staff training was performed; and feedback and analyses of collected data was promoted. SIMI was evaluated in the 13 regions that were participating in 1997 (out of a total of 20 regions in Italy), using criteria commonly used for surveillance systems (i.e., completeness and coherence of data, case definitions, costs, timeliness, and feedback). SIMI was implemented at a limited cost and the data collected were observed to have had a high degree of completeness and internal consistency. The SIMI system has since been adopted for the routine notification of communicable diseases in nearly all regions. Similar evaluations will be necessary for assessing the performance of the various notification systems used across Europe and to include them in a European network.\n      </p>", "The decline of roller dung beetles (Coleoptera, Scarabaeidae) in Italy, at national and regional level, was described using a database of both literature and unpublished data, since the late of 19th century. The probability of finding roller species was assessed for each decade of the 20th century in order to detect changes in their distribution and status. An analysis of decline was performed using a complementary approach of different extinction indexes, according to IUCN criteria. During the 20th century, both the absolute number of records and the UTM cells where roller beetles were found increased clearly as a consequence of the escalation of entomological surveys. Nevertheless, comparing R species (rollers) with all the scarab dung beetles from the first to the last quarter of the 20th century, the relative frequency of roller records decreased by 31%, while the relative number of occupied UTM cells dropped by 23%. Six roller species showed a significant decline in Italy from the first to the second part of the 20th century, and nine in the last 30years. Other two species disappeared from the majority of the northern regions. Finally, the values of all the extinction indexes were strongly correlated and detected a high risk of extinction in Italy for six species. A gradual change in land use during the last three decades, consisting of a reduced extension of grasslands in favour of either intensive agriculture or reforestation after abandonment of livestock raising, was likely the main factor inducing decline and local extinction of roller species.\n      </p>", "Substantial evidence supports the role of asbestos in malignant mesothelioma. Clustering for this malignancy among relatives not only suggests genetic susceptibility as a relevant component but also provides a clue to investigate non-occupational sources of exposure. We identified five cases of malignant mesothelioma within one family with exposure to asbestos experienced during childhood, as 'next door' residents of a workshop recycling asbestos-contaminated jute sacks in Naples, Italy. This cluster discloses the health risk in the reuse of bags that previously had contained asbestos. Furthermore, it emphasizes the role of asbestos in the genetic-environmental interaction issue of malignant mesothelioma.\n      </p>", "Objectives: To evaluate the relation between the exposure to specific pesticides in agricultural work and the risk of multiple myeloma (MM). Methods: A case-control study was conducted in the province of Forl\u00ec, Italy. Forty-six cases of MM (20 females, 26 males; mean age 64 years, range 40 to 74) identified through the Romagna Cancer Registry in the years 1987-90, and 230 age- and gender-matched controls from the general population were interviewed in-person using a structured questionnaire focused on exposure to pesticides and other occupational and nonoccupational variables. Results: Among nonoccupational factors, the education level and the altitude of the place of residence were related inversely to MM risk. First-degree familiarity for hematolymphopoietic neoplasias and previous herpes zoster diagnosis were associated positively with the disease. A nonsignificant increase in MM risk was observed among workers in agriculture as a whole (odds ratio [OR] = 1.31, 95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 0.62-2.74). An increased risk was associated specifically with the cultivation of apples and pears (OR = 1.75, CI = 1.05-2.91). As regards pesticide exposure, only the chlorinated insecticides were related to an increase in the risk of MM. Conclusions: This study suggests that agricultural work and exposure to pesticides have a role in the etiology of MM.\n      </p>", "River deltas are the focal breeding areas in the Mediterranean region for larid seabirds, but they are being severely altered. The Po Delta is of international importance for Mediterranean and Slender-billed Gulls and for Gull-billed, Sandwich, Common and Little Terns, but their vulnerable breeding sites are still unprotected. No conservation scheme has been proposed for Mediterranean seabirds, despite the vulnerability of several species, and the protection of only a limited number of colonies has been undertaken. We propose the following specific guidelines for the conservation of the gull and tern colonies in the Po Delta, based upon a decade of research on habitat requirements and on several vulnerability factors: (1) In the lagoons, necessary measures will include protection from human disturbance, active management against erosion of a complex of islets, maintenance of the habitats preferred by each species, and creation of new islets to increase habitat availability, especially for the terns; (2) The habitat preferred by each species of conservation concern, islets with bare ground or with 30-100% cover of vegetation lower than 20 cm, should be maintained in these lagoons. In particular, islets from 0.1 to 0.8 ha, with very reduced cover, and far from other lands, should be provided for Little Terns. Islets larger than one ha and with a high grass cover, preferred by Yellow-legged Gulls, should be avoided in order to repel this predatory gull. In the main lagoon, the Valli di Comacchio, the existing 26 islets should be doubled in number and the new islets should have characteristics suitable specifically for the terns, which may be limited by habitat availability; (3) On the outer beaches of the delta, the declining population of Little Terns should be protected from human disturbance by temporary reserves on their colony sites.\n      </p>", "Background: The assessment of the burden of disease (BOD) is necessary for sensibly allocating limited health-related resources. No such assessment is available currently for Italy. Methods: Global burden of disease (GBD) methods were used to analyse in detail the years of life lost (YLLs) component of BOD for the most important diseases contributing to premature mortality in Italy in 1998. YLLs were computed with and without age-weighting and discounting. YLLs were also analysed by gender, for Italy vs. the Euro-A region (a group of 26 European countries) defined in the 2000 update of the GBD Study, and for northern, central and southern Italy, the three traditionally demarcated regions of the country. Results: The use of YLLs yields a ranking of diseases by their relative contribution to mortality burden which differs from a ranking based purely on death counts. Although males contributed 58.5% and females 41.5% of the total mortality burden in terms of YLLs, using death counts the percentages for males and females were similar (50.6% M, 49.4% F). The leading cause of mortality burden, both in terms of YLLs and death counts, was ischaemic heart disease, followed by stroke and lung cancer. Several other conditions, however, had rankings that varied depending on the measure used. While cardiovascular diseases accounted for 31.7% and 'all cancers' for 34.1% of YLLs, they were responsible, respectively, for 44.7 and 27.9% of death counts. The results for Italy generally corresponded with those obtained in GBD 2000 for EURO-A, but the proportion of the total mortality burden explained by the four leading causes is higher in Italy. For within Italy comparisons, there was a decreasing trend from north to south for 'all cancers' and for several specific cancers. Conversely, a consistent increase in YLL rates from north to south was observed for stroke and hypertensive disease. Conclusions: This analysis of Italy's mortality burden represents the first phase in identifying Italy's total BOD. Simply establishing death counts and rates is no longer sufficient for a full understanding of a country's health status.\n      </p>", "Objective: To analyze the gender differential in life expectancy in Italy from 1970 to 1997, to determine which ages and causes of death mostly influenced its trend. Methods: Pollard method was used to explain which ages and which pathologies give the highest contribution to the gender differential. Results: A slight reduction of the gender differential has been observed since 1980. The olds and very olds became the most relevant contributors to the differential. Cardiovascular diseases were the principal contributing causes of death until 1980 and Cancer replaced them afterwards. Conclusion: Relatively recent adoption of unhealthy life styles by women together with an opposite process run by young men towards healthier behaviour, seem to be at the basis of the slight reduction of the gender differential in life expectancy observed since 1980.\n      </p>", "The Italian national health system funds universal health care through general taxation, but health services are provided by local institutions. This study examines the epidemiology, provision, and funding of renal replacement therapy (RRT) in Italy. In 2001, prevalence and incidence of RRT in Italy were 0.083% and 0.014%, respectively. A 1999 donation law markedly increased renal transplantation rates. Italy spends 8.3% of its GDP on health care; 1.8% is for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients, who represent 0.083% of the general population. The reorganization of the NHS requires attention from the health community so that economic and geographic health disparities are not exacerbated.\n      </p>", "The issue of a generational exchange in Italian feminism has been crucial over the last decade. Current struggles over precariousness have revived issues previously raised by feminists of the 1970s, recalling how old forms of instability and precarious employment are still present in Italy. This essay starts from the assumption that precariousness is a constitutive aspect of many young Italian women's lives. Young Italian feminist scholars have been discussing the effects of such precarity on their generation. This article analyses the literature produced by political groups of young scholars interested in gender and feminism connected to debates on labour and power in contemporary Italy. One of the most successful strategies that younger feminists have used to gain visibility has involved entering current debates on precariousness, thus forcing a connection with the larger Italian labour movement. In doing so, this new wave of feminism has destabilized the universalism assumed by the 1970s generation. By pointing to a necessary generational change, younger feminists have been able to mark their own specificity and point to exploitative power dynamics within feminist groups, as well as in the family and in the workplace without being dismissed. In such a layered context, many young feminists argue that precariousness is a life condition, not just the effect of job market flexibility and not solely negative. The literature produced by young feminists addresses the current strategies engineered to make 'their' precarious life more sustainable. This essay analyses such strategies in the light of contemporary Italian politics. The main conclusion is that younger Italian women's experience requires new strategies and tools for struggle, considering that the visibility of women as political subjects is still quite minimal. Female precariousness can be seen as a fruitful starting point for a dialogue across differences, addressing gender and reproduction, immigration, work and social welfare at the same time.\n      </p>", "Despite a delay of 20-25 years, when it comes to cohabitation, Italy has now begun to resemble other Western countries. In addition, the increase in legal separations has accelerated since 1995, although their number still remains far from that observed in countries such as the USA, the UK, and France. Finally, Italy's fertility decline has come to a halt: the cohort of women born in the early 1970s will likely have the same TFR as those born in the mid-1960s (around 1.55). Moreover, in the Centre-North areas, period TFR rose from 1.1 in 1995 to 1.35 children per woman 10 years later. The territorial diffusion of cohabitation, legal separation, outof-wedlock births, and fertility recovery overlaps closely with that of the decline in births during the first half of the twentieth century. A similar geographical pattern has been observed for the diffusion of school enrolment, industrialization, secularization, and (during the last 20 years) foreign immigration. /// Malgr\u00e9 un retard de 20 \u00e0 25 ans, en mati\u00e8re de cohabitation l'Italie commence \u00e0 pr\u00e9sent \u00e0 ressembler aux autres pays occidentaux. De plus, la hausse des s\u00e9parations l\u00e9gales s'est acc\u00e9l\u00e9r\u00e9e depuis 1995, bien que leur niveau demeure encore bien en-de\u00e7\u00e0 de celui qui est observe dans des pays tels que les Etats-Unis d'Am\u00e9rique, le Royaume-Uni, et la France. Finalement, la f\u00e9condit\u00e9 a cess\u00e9 de baisser en Italie: la cohorte des femmes n\u00e9es au d\u00e9but des ann\u00e9es 1970 aura selon toute vraisemblance le m\u00eame indice synth\u00e9tique de f\u00e9condit\u00e9 que celle des femmes n\u00e9es au milieu des ann\u00e9es 60 (environ 1,55). De plus, dans les r\u00e9gions du centrenord, l'indice synth\u00e9tique de f\u00e9condit\u00e9 est passe de 1,1 enfant par femme en 1995 \u00e0 1,35 dix ans plus tard. La diffusion territoriale de la cohabitation, des separations l\u00e9gales, des naissances hors manage et du rattrapage de la f\u00e9condit\u00e9 recouvre de fa\u00e7on \u00e9troite celle de la baisse des naissances au cours de la premi\u00e8r\u00e9 moiti\u00e9 du vingti\u00e8me si\u00e8cle. Le m\u00eame sch\u00e9ma g\u00e9ographique est observ\u00e9 dans la diffusion de la scolarisation, de l'industrialisation, de la s\u00e9cularisation et (pendant les 20 derni\u00e8res ann\u00e9es) de l'immigration en provenance de l'\u00e9tranger.\n      </p>", "This paper presents an historical overview of wild mushroom commerce in Italy, with a focus on recent trends in the production of porcini (Boletus edulis and closely allied species). Over the past century, two major trends\u2014nationalization and globalization\u2014have been apparent in the wild mushroom commerce of Italy. First, a simplified national mushroom menu has emerged through processes of governmental regulation and culinary fashion, but it has come at the expense of differing, localized mushroom traditions which may suffer under the European Union's free trade principles. Second, Italy has emerged as a focal point of a global market for a small number of mushroom species\u2014particular porcini. While the name porcini has become synonymous with Italian cuisine, and in spite of a vibrant tradition of recreational mushroom collecting in Italy, most of the porcini commercially available in Italy or exported by Italy are no longer of Italian origin. Porcini and other mushrooms now flow into Italy from all over the world\u2014especially from China and eastern Europe\u2014and are then often exported as \"Italian porcini.\" This globalization of the wild mushroom trade, while offering significant income to rural producers and processors around the globe, has other effects as well, for example, a kind of national branding as \"Italian\" of globally-produced products, of which porcini is one, that is in direct opposition to some of the European Union's rules for regional denominations. /// Questo articolo presenta una panoramica storica sul commercio dei funghi spontanei in Italia, con particolare riguardo alle recenti tendenze nella produzione dei porcini (Boletus edulis e specie affini). Nello scorso secolo si sono osservate due tendenze principali\u2014di nazionalizzazione e di globalizzazione\u2014nel commercio dei funghi spontanei in Italia. In primo luogo si \u00e8 affermata nel territorio nazionale una tradizione limitata al consumo di un numero contenuto di specie, sia per effetto di alcune normative che di mode culinarie, ma ci\u00f2 \u00e8 avvenuto a discapito di tradizioni locali pi\u00f9 ricche, che potrebbero ulteriormente risentire dei principi per il libero scambio all'interno dell'Unione Europea. In secondo luogo, l'Italia si \u00e8 posta in evidenza come un punto nodale per il mercato globale di alcune specie fungine, in particolare dei porcini. Nonostante quest'ultimo termine sia tradizionalmente associato alla cucina italiana, e nonostante esista in Italia una vivace e radicata tradizione nella raccolta amatoriale dei funghi, la maggior parte dei porcini ivi commercializzati (allo stato fresco, essiccati o variamente conservati) o esportati verso altri paesi non sono pi\u00f9 di origine locale. I porcini e altre specie fungine giungono attualmente in Italia da ogni parte del mondo\u2014in modo particolare dalla Cina e dall'Europa orientale\u2014e sono successivamente spesso esportati come \"prodotti Italiani.\" Questo processo di globalizzazione del mercato dei funghi spontanei, pur offrendo un significativo introito ai raccoglitori e commercianti rurali su tutto il globo, \u00e8 responsabile di altri effetti, come per l'appunto una sorta di marchio nazionale \"Italiano\" su alcuni prodotti di provenienza globale, come per l'appunto i porcini, cosa che contrasta con alcune delle regole dell'Unione Europea in materia di denominazioni regionali.\n      </p>", "Social differences in health concern both ethics and science. From a public health point-of-view, one must assess actual differences and then try to find explanations. This was made possible for the first time for cancer in Italy via nationwide record-linkage between the 1981 census and the national death index. Over the subsequent six months after census, the study-base included 31,000 deaths for cancer and 18 million person-years at risk. Rate ratios (RR) were estimated through a Poisson regression model adjusted by age and geographic area of residence. Educational level was used as social level indicator. Profound social differences were evident for buccal cavity (RR = 3.10 for lowest cf highest educational level), esophagus (RR = 3.00), stomach (RR = 3.43), and larynx (RR = 3.30) among men, and for stomach (RR = 2.25) and uterus (RR = 1.76) among women. Colon (RR = 0.62) and pancreas cancers (RR = 0.65) presented an inverse relationship among men, as did colon (RR = 0.37), breast (RR = 0.56), ovary (RR = 0.45), and melanoma (RR = 0.62) among women. In conclusion, the Italian population at the beginning of the 1980s had large social differences in the risk of dying from cancer, confirming the patterns commonly found in such other countries as Great Britain, France, and New Zealand. Some dissimilarities, useful for hypothesis generation on the mechanisms of inequality, were evident, such as the generally highest social differences found among northern Italian men and among southern Italian women.\n      </p>", "The caries experience and its potential risk indicators such as socioeconomic status, sweets consumption, toothbrushing habits, dental visit attendance pattern and salivary mutans streptococci (in 12 year old only), were assessed in schoolchildren raised and living in low fluoridated areas (Catanzaro, Italy). Caries-free prevalence in the 6-year-old was 52.9% in their primary dentition; the dmft and dmfs were 2.1 and 5.1, and both DMFT and DMFS were 0.1. Almost 91% of the dmft was attributable to active decay. The proportion of children with a dmft+DMFT \u2265 1 and the dmft and dmfs were significantly higher in those with low socio-economic status. In the 12-year-old, 52.7% had a history of caries and the DMFT and DMFS were 1.5 and 2.6; the filled component was the dominant proportion. The more likely they visited a dentist for routine checkup, the higher socio-economic status (it was not associated with DMFT), the less frequently they had sweets, and the low level of Streptococcus mutans, the more likely they were caries-free and the less likely they were to have a high DMFT, DMFS, and DT. In the 15-year-old, 68.8% had a history of caries and the DMFT and DMFS were 2.8 and 4.8, with a higher prevalence of the F component. The children who visited a dentist for routine checkup had a significantly lower caries experience, DMFT, DMFS, and DT than the irregular attenders, and those with low socio-economic background were more likely to have a high DMFS.\n      </p>", "From 1997 to 2001, Italy has been affected by two epidemics of high-pathogenicity avian influenza. The first epidemic was caused by a virus of the H5N2 subtype and was limited to eight premises in backyard and semi-intensive flocks. The prompt identification of the disease was followed by the implementation of European Union (EU) directive 92/40/EEC and resulted in the eradication of infection without serious consequences to the poultry industry. The 1999-00 epidemic was caused by a virus of the H7N1 subtype that originated from the mutation of a low pathogenic virus and resulted instead in a devastating epidemic that affected industrially reared poultry, culminating in the infection of 413 flocks. The description of the epidemics and the result of the control policies are reported. /// Durante el periodo comprendido entre los a\u00f1os 1997 y 2001, Italia ha sido afectada por dos epidemias causadas por virus de influenza aviar altamente pat\u00f3genos. La primera epidemia fue causada por un virus del tipo H5N2, la cual se limit\u00f3 a 8 parvadas de traspatio y a explotaciones semi-intensivas. La r\u00e1pida identificaci\u00f3n de la enfermedad fue seguida por la implementaci\u00f3n de la directiva de la Uni\u00f3n Europea 92/40/EEC, resultando en la erradicaci\u00f3n de la infecci\u00f3n sin que se presentaran consecuencias serias para la industria av\u00edcola del pa\u00eds. La epidemia de los a\u00f1os 1999-00, causada por un virus de influenza del tipo H7N1 originado por mutaciones ocurridas en un virus de baja patogenicidad, result\u00f3 en una epidemia devastadora que afect\u00f3 la industria av\u00edcola y culmin\u00f3 en la infecci\u00f3n de 413 parvadas. En este trabajo se reportan las descripciones de las epidemias y los resultados de las pol\u00edticas de control adoptadas.\n      </p>", "In Italy, although the number of cases of legionellosis notified to the health authorities has significantly increased in recent years, the incidence is still believed to be underestimated. To verify the true frequency and identify the sources of infection, an active clinical-environmental surveillance program was instituted in three hospital facilities in Southern Italy. Between January 2001 and March 2005, a total of 1000 patients admitted to the three hospitals with a diagnosis of pneumonia were enrolled. The urinary antigen and anti-Legionella antibody titre were assayed in each subject, and direct searches for the microorganism were made in biological specimens. Legionellosis was found to be present in 5.9% of the patients. For each of the cases of legionellosis, microbiological surveys were made of the water supply in the public and/or private facilities involved. Overall, 197 water samples of hospital origin and 218 of community origin were analysed: Legionella spp was isolated in 44.2 and 36.7% of the cases, respectively. Comparison of our data with those of the routine surveillance system for the same area (only 7 cases during the period 1997-2000), showed that the frequency of legionellosis is grossly underestimated in Southern Italy. It is therefore necessary to set up more rigorous controls in both hospital and community facilities, so that timely preventive measures can be taken to avoid any further spread of the disease.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates the determinants of regulatory compliance in corporate organizations. Exploiting a unique enforcement and reporting framework for insider trading in Italy, we present three main findings. First, board governance, such as chief executive\u2013chairman duality and the proportion of non-executive directors, does not increase the propensity of firms to comply with regulation. Second, family firms and firms with a high degree of separation of ownership from control are most likely to comply with regulation. Third, corporate ethos is more important in predicting regulatory compliance than explicit corporate governance structures.\n      </p>", "Only scanty data are available on the susceptibility of Haemophilus influenzae in Italy. The in vitro activity of ampicillin, ampicillin-sulbactam, cefaclor, cefuroxime, cefotaxime, chloramphenicol, erythromycin and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole against 327 strains of Haemophilus influenzae (55 encapsulated, 272 non-typeable) isolated from adults and children in northern Italy, between January 1984 and December 1989, was compared. Patients were affected by meningitis or other invasive infections, conjunctivitis, otitis, sinusitis, pneumonia or bronchitis. Minimal inhibiting concentrations were determined by a microdilution technique in Mueller Hinton broth supplemented with 10 \u03bcl/ml NAD and 2-5% lysed horse blood. A concentration of 1\u00d7 105 to $5\\times 10^{5}\\ {\\rm CFU}/{\\rm ml}$ was used as the inoculum. The antibiotics were tested at concentrations ranging from 0.03 to 64 \u03bcl/ml with the exception of trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, for which the range of concentrations examined were 0.01/0.25 to 32/512 \u03bcl/ml. All the strains tested were susceptible to ampicillin-sulbactam, cefuroxime and cefotaxime, and more than 95% were susceptible to ampicillin, cefaclor and chloramphenicol. Only 4% were susceptible to erythromycin but most minimal inhibiting concentrations fell into the intermediate category. Strains isolated from adults were more susceptible to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole than strains isolated from children (85% vs 66%; p = 0.011).\n      </p>", "The peasant in Italy has all but vanished as an exemplar of an economic way of life but as a social figure has relevance to trends such as the transformation to small families. Ethnographic \"encounters\" provide the basis for my explorations into the trauma and meaning of the historical experiences that find expression in Italian women's low fertility rates. Current family-making practices have resulted from historical adjustments deeply linked to economic shifts that involved the unraveling of a patriarchal hierarchy and necessitated a subsequent reworking of gendered subjects situated in new socioeconomic conditions. An ethnographic focus on memory work reveals that the social figure of the peasant persists in meaningful ways that shape people's family-making practices.\n      </p>", "I have compared resource use in a guild of herons using several habitats of rice fields, river, canals, and marsh, surrounding three heronries in northwestern Italy. All five species exploited rice fields. On the other hand, in nonagricultural biotopes the Black-crowned Night-Herons (Nycticorax nycticorax) segregated spatially from Little Egrets (Egretta garzetta), possibly because of interference competition with the more dominant egrets, and the Purple Herons (Ardea purpurea) segregated from the Grey Herons (Ardea cinerea). The microhabitats used by each species were very similar in rice fields, whereas on the river their feeding sites differed. Prey overlap was high in nonagricultural habitats between Black-crowned Night-Herons and Little Egrets, and was slightly higher in rice fields among all species. The herons used similar feeding techniques in all habitats. In nonagricultural habitats, the spatial segregation and the existence of aggressive interactions suggest competitively induced segregation, especially between night herons and Little Egrets and between Grey Herons and Purple Herons. High niche overlap can be maintained in rice fields because food is temporarily superabundant. A higher niche overlap in agricultural habitats than in nonagricultural habitats may be a general pattern for birds. Foraging herons apparently can easily adapt their foraging behavior to meet local situations.\n      </p>", "We studied 21 brown bear (Ursus arctos) dens in the mountains of the northeast Brenta range in Trentino, Italy. Of these, 2 dens were located during the late 1970s using radio-tracking, 1 den was located in 1989 by a different researcher, and 18 dens were located by the authors between 1988 and 1994. Two dens were excavated and 19 were in natural cavities. Bedding material in these dens consisted of nest-like beds (n = 15 dens), a hole dug in the earth (n = 2), bedding materials spread out on the ground (n = 3), and no bed in 1 excavated den. Nine dens showed signs of recent use. To determine factors bears use to select a hibernation site, characteristics (e.g., elevation, exposure, slope angle, and distance from sources of disturbance) were noted for 19 dens located in the area where bears are constantly present and compared with the same characteristics taken from 100 uniformly distributed sites in the same area. Elevation of the den sites ranged between 970-1940 m. The angle of the slopes on which the dens were located ranged between 28\u00b0-60\u00b0. Brown bears preferred den sites with southern exposure over those with a northern exposure and used slopes facing all cardinal compass directions.\n      </p>", "Data from a multicenter case-control study on breast cancer conducted in Italy have been used to analyze the relationship of olive oil and other dietary fats to breast cancer risk. Cases were 2,564 women hospitalized with histologically confirmed, incident breast cancer. Controls were 2,588 women admitted to the same network of hospitals for acute, non-neoplastic, non-hormone related, non-digestive tract disorders. Cases and controls were interviewed between 1991 and 1994 using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. The data were modelled through multiple logistic regression controlling for demographic and reproductive breast-cancer risk factors, energy intake and, mutually, for types of dietary fat. For olive oil, compared with the lowest quintile, the odds ratios (OR) were 1.05, 0.99, 0.93, and 0.87 for increasing quintiles of intake; in a model postulating linear logit increase, the OR per unit (30g) was 0.89 (95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 0.81-0.99, P = 0.03). Among other oils or fats considered, the OR for the highest level of intake was 0.72 (CI = 0.6-0.9) for a group of specific seed oils (including safflower, maize, peanut, and soya) compared with nonusers. The ORs for the highest cf lowest level of intake were 0.80 for mixed or unspecified seed oils, 0.95 for butter, and 0.96 for margarine. The study, based on a large dataset from various Italian regions, shows an inverse relationship of breast cancer risk with intake of olive oil and other vegetable oils, but not with butter or margarine.\n      </p>", "In Italy, the term precarizzazione (precarious-ization) refers to the process of implementing neoliberal policies to transition toward a semipermanent and privatized labor regime but also to the normalization of psychic uncertainty and hypervigilance of worker-citizens. In this article, I examine \"precarious workers\" and a psychological harassment called \"mobbing,\" specifically, and suggest that these practices of labor exclusion of a transitional work regime produce emergent subjectivities through an analytics of anticipation. I illustrate the social, political, and psychic effects of imagining neoliberalism, as Italians do in this context, not as complete but, rather, as a metadiscursive object of emotionally charged apprehension and anticipation.\n      </p>", "The study explores knowledge, attitudes and behavior regarding screening for breast and cervical cancers. All female teachers in primary and secondary schools in Crotone and in Cassino (Italy) received a questionnaire on demographic and socioeconomic characteristics, clinical history, knowledge, behavior and attitudes about breast and cervical cancer and related screening procedures. A response rate of 65% was achieved. Knowledge on effectiveness of mammography and pap test in finding related cancers was widely spread in the sample. Only about 30% and 50% had respectively undergone their last mammogram and pap test according to the recommended time interval. Having been examined by a physician in the previous year and having had a screening CBE or a screening pap smear in the past three years were significantly more likely in women who underwent mammography for screening purposes in the past two years. Pap smear in the previous three years was significantly more likely in women in their forties, with a higher family income and in those who had been examined by a physician in the previous year. The results strongly recommend continued emphasis of physicians on education of women regarding mammography and pap smear.\n      </p>", "The study provides the first overall estimate of the costs of Takayasu arteritis (TA) monitoring and treatment in Italy and highlights the differences in cost components across defined subgroups of patients. We estimated resource consumption and direct costs from the Italian National Health Service perspective. We conducted a multicenter, prospective study in 12 medical departments. All the 67 patients recruited met the American College of Rheumatology 1990 criteria for the classification of TA and were followed up for 1 year. For the purpose of analysis they were divided into two groups: \"active TA\" (patients who had taken at least one drug specific for TA treatment, i.e., corticosteroids and/or cytotoxics), and \"inactive TA\" (all the remaining patients). The average cost per year was \u20ac 4,079. Patients with active TA (\u20ac 5,055) had a significantly higher mean cost per year than those with inactive TA (\u20ac 1,328). In particular, significant differences were found for costs in general practitioner consultations, laboratory tests, and hospital admissions. These findings suggest that patients not only experience more complications requiring hospital admissions but also see general practitioners more often during the active stage of the disease, presumably in order to obtain a prescription for laboratory tests.\n      </p>", "A case of infant botulism in a 9 week-old female is described. A strain of C. botulinum type B was isolated from the feces of the baby. The epidemiologic study detected in a sample of home canned honey Clostridium botulinum spores of the same serotype that was isolated from the patient. The honey had been used only to sweeten the pacifier of the baby. This is the first case of infant botulism in Europe linked conclusively to honey.\n      </p>", "In May 1938, Italians and the world were treated to the spectacle of Adolf Hitler's visit to Italy. The visit was a prime example of overheated Fascist propaganda. For seven days, Hitler was feted in a manner that was far removed from a normal state visit. Yet, for all the pomp and ceremony, nothing was accomplished to further the Axis alliance, even though the Germans came prepared to sign a full military alliance. For this reason, the Hitler visit has always been seen as nothing more than an anecdote or colourful backdrop to the years leading up to the Second World War. Left unanswered is why the Fascist regime went to such extraordinary lengths to impress the German leader, even if it meant alienating the Vatican, the monarchy, and the Italian people. Why did Fascism risk losing the consensus it had worked so hard to gain in the years following the conquest of Ethiopia? This article argues that the visit broadcast Italy's intention to move on a more radical, pro-German path in the following years while leaving the Fascist regime free from having to make any binding commitments that would threaten domestic consensus. The careful planning of the visit was aimed at sending a clear message to Italians and the world about where the Fascist regime intended to go in the following years\n      </p>", "To determine the frequency and the determinants of use of antiretroviral drugs and prophylaxis for Pneumocystis carinii Pneumonia (PCP) among HIV-infected individuals before AIDS diagnosis, a questionnaire was sent to all physicians reporting at least one AIDS case during the first six months of 1994 to the Italian National AIDS Registry. Information on cases diagnosed between 1 January and 31 March 1995 was collected. Information was obtained for 878 (66.4%) of the 1323 persons with AIDS: 447 (50.9%) had received antiretroviral drugs and 343 (39.1%) PCP prophylaxis, whereas 303 cases (34.5%) had received both. Individuals who became aware of being HIV-positive shortly before AIDS diagnosis were less likely to have started antiretroviral therapy (adjusted odds ratio (AOR): 0.05, 95% CI: 0.03-0.09). Homosexual men and heterosexuals were more likely to begin therapy (AOR: 1.40, 95% CI: 0.83-2.37 and AOR: 1.79, 95% CI: 1.05-3.05, respectively) compared to injecting drug users. Individuals living in Southern Italy and foreigners were less likely to start therapy (AOR: 0.75, 95% CI: 0.49-1.16 and AOR: 0.40, 95% CI: 0.15-1.09, respectively) compared to those living in Northern Italy. Results were similar for PCP prophylaxis. Lack of awareness of HIV infection, HIV exposure category, and geographical area were the most important factors associated with treatment before AIDS diagnosis.\n      </p>", "The caries prevalence, oral hygiene status, periodontal health and the treatment needs were assessed in immigrants and refugees in Catanzaro and Crotone, Italy. The mean DMFT and DMFS scores of adults, 18 or more years, were 8.1 and 33.1 for Yugoslavs, 7.4 and 28.8 for Moroccans, and 1.4 and 4.5 for Senegalese. The analysis of variance carried out on the three groups showed a significant inequality in their DMFT and DMFS scores. The stepwise linear regression showed that in the Moroccans and Yugoslavs the DMFT increased with age. The needs for dental extractions and for conservative dental care were respectively 15.8% and 39.5% in the Senegalese, 28.6% and 73.8% in the Yugoslavs, 32.7% and 77% in the Moroccans. Good oral hygiene status was scored for 26.3% Senegalese, 7.1% Yugoslavs, and 5.5% Moroccans. Good periodontal health was scored for 7.9%, 2.4%, and 1.2% of these groups. The analysis of variance carried out on the three groups showed a significant inequality in their OHI-S and PI, and the Bonferroni test showed a significant differences in both indices comparing the Senegalese with the Moroccans and in the OHI-S between Senegalese and Yugoslavs. The stepwise linear regression showed that in the Yugoslavs the OHI-S and in the Moroccans and Yugoslavs the PI increased with age. The results of this investigation demonstrated high caries prevalence, poor oral hygiene and periodontal health, and unmet needs for dental treatment in particular Moroccans and Yugoslavs, and a systematic and comprehensive implementation of oral health promotion program for these groups is a priority need.\n      </p>", "We conducted a population-based, case-control study on hematolymphopoietic malignancies in 12 areas in Italy to investigate associations between different hematolymphopoietic malignancies and exposure to solvents and pesticides. We collected all incident cases 20-74 years of age from 12 areas, with a combined population of approximately 7 million residents. The control group was formed by a random sample of the study population. Data presented in this paper refer to 2,737 interviewed cases of 3,357 eligible cases and to 1,779 of 2,391 eligible controls. We analyzed risks associated with occupation using job-title information to evaluate disease pattern according to job category. An earlier publication presented results for women; here, we report the findings for men and discuss the overall patterns in both genders. The most consistent overall finding was an approximate doubling in relative risk for all four types of malignancies among male managers and related occupations. Several additional occupations were associated with elevated risk of one or more malignancies among men. These included cooks, waiters, and bartenders, and building caretakers and cleaners, for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; textile workers and machinery fitters for Hodgkin's lymphoma; metal processors, material handlers, rubber workers, and painters for leukemia; and hairdressers, metal processors, tailors, electrical workers, and plumbers for multiple myeloma. The finding of increased risk of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma among both male and female cooks, waiters, and bartenders has not been previously reported; nor has the elevated risk of leukemia among material handlers. Among people engaged in agriculture, those employed as tractor drivers and as \"orchard, vineyard, and related tree and shrub workers\" appeared to be at increased risk for hematolymphopoietic malignancies.\n      </p>", "Flaviviridae-hepatitis C virus (HCV) and GB virus C/hepatitis G virus (GBV-C/HGV) - and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) frequently show similar modes of transmission. HCV and GBV-C/HGV infection was assessed in 134 consecutive patients with evidence of HIV infection, living in Campania, Italy. Data obtained from this cohort were compared with those obtained from 252 age-and sex-matched HCV infected patients without evidence of HIV infection (HCV control group). Following enzymatic immunoassays, samples were tested for the presence of HCV-RNA by RT-PCR. The HCV-RNA positive sera were genotyped by LiPA procedure. The prevalence of HCV infection in HIV patients was 19.40% and the largest group of HIV-HCV co-infected patients (84.62%) was represented by intravenous drug users (IVDU). The distribution of HCV genotypes in HIV-HCV patients was different, compared to that observed in HCV control group. HCV genotypes 1a (50%) and 3a (23.08%) were more frequently detected in HIV-HCV patients, compared to HCV control group (5.16 and 5.56% for 1a and 3a, respectively). Conversely, HCV genotypes 1b (55.70%) and 2a/2c (30.26%) were more represented in HCV control group, compared to HIV-HCV patients (15.38 and 0% for 1b and 2a/2c, respectively). GBV-C/HGV seroprevalence was 41.04% in HIV patients and 6.54% in healthy control individuals. Differently from HCV, GBV-C/HGV infection did not correlate to a preferential risk behaviour in the HIV cohort. Comparative analysis of HCV and GBV-C/HGV infection indicates that the use of injecting drugs might play a key role in the epidemiology of HCV and, in particular, of 1a and 3a HCV genotypes, in HIV patients.\n      </p>", "This paper focuses on the history of the two systems that have been adopted in Italy for the surveillance of Salmonellosis and describes their respective characteristics. Both systems have been subsequently modified: (1) The National Laboratory-based Surveillance System (NLSS) which was created in 1967 for Enteropathogenic Bacteria and subsequently, in 1992, became part of the European computerised Laboratory-based Surveillance System of Salmonellae isolates, the SALM-NET (Salmonella network); (2) The National Infectious Disease Reporting System (NIDRS) which was set up in the 1930s, revised in 1990 and has been used, since 1994, along with the Infectious Disease Informative System (IDIS). The results obtained with the different surveillance systems are presented: (1) The number of isolates from the laboratory surveillance from 1973 to 1997 are described. Total Salmonellae isolates have a slope with an increasing trend from 4372 isolates in 1973 to 15,041 isolates in 1988 drastically dropping to 5479 isolates in 1990 and increasing again to 13,596 isolates in 1993. Attention is given particularly to the epidemiology of S. enteritidis in Italy which increased progressively since 1982 (225 isolates) to 5435 isolates in 1994. S. typhimurium showed a slightly increasing trend in the period 1973-1988 (from 1694 to 3383 isolates) then decreased for reaching again previous levels. S. typhi showed a marked reduction from 573 isolates in 1973 to 33 isolates in 1996. On the contrary, other less frequent serotypes increased. (2) The number of cases of Salmonellosis reported during 1971-1997 are also presented. Other Infections by Salmonellae increased from 12,516 cases in 1976 (renamed Non Typhoidal Salmonellosis in 1990) to more than 20,000 cases in 1992. The number of cases of Typhoid Fever and Infections by S. paratyphi are also described. Particular attention has to be paid to the parallel trends of Salmonellosis using both surveillance systems: number of isolates and number of cases, particularly comparing Other Infections by Salmonellae and total Salmonellae isolates: after the 1992-1993 peak, an initial decrease was observed.\n      </p>", "Basic beliefs about health in north central Italy derive from an approach to the personal management of the body that is not just reactive but also proactive. This article examines a complex field of health factors in relation to historical processes and a system of medical pluralism. Rapid demographic and social changes over the past century have brought an accommodation of ancient medical beliefs to more recent germ-oriented principles. An enduring belief in the permeability of the body leads to an emphasis on moderation in personal conduct to prevent debilitation, whether by atmospheric insults, microbial infection, or modern-day miasmas such as pollution or additives in food. The idea of health itself is analyzed to show how biomedicine varies across societies and how historical processes have shaped contemporary cultural patterns and led to generational continuities and differences in beliefs and behaviors. This information may also improve interactions between patients and health care providers.\n      </p>", "In the three-year period 1994-1996, 222 reports on human cases of leptospirosis were received by the Italian Ministry of Health. The average annual number of reports was 29.2% lower than in the preceding eight years. In all cases but two the infections were thought to have been acquired in Italy. As in previous years, the majority of cases was observed in the northern regions of the country (83.8%), mostly in males (88.9%). Cases occurred in all age groups, but were more common in the working-age population (15-64 years). There was no common-source outbreaks. The typical leptospiral seasonal course, with a peak in August, was observed. During 1994, leptospirosis was the reported cause of death in 19 patients. Mortality was higher among males than females. The overall fatality rate was 22.6%. During the study period, a total of 126 cases of leptospirosis were confirmed by the National Centre for Leptospirosis or one of the 12 Regional Leptospira Laboratories. Of the 103 patients for whom information on place of residence, contact with animals, occupational and recreational activities was available, 98 (95.1%) were people who live in rural areas or devote themselves to occupational or recreational activities at risk. The likely source of infection and the mode of exposure were known for 55 patients. Forty-five patients (81.8%) were likely infected by contaminating water (43 cases) or soil (2 cases), ten (18.2%) by direct contact with animals or animal urine. Both running (51.2%) and stagnant water (27.9%) have been reported as a source of infection. Rodents were implicated in 50.0% of the 10 cases involving animals. In comparison with the preceding eight-year period, the risk of contracting leptospirosis was found to have increased for recreational activities (from 34.7 to 38.2%) and decreased for occupational activities (from 45.8 to 32.7%). A large number of infections, however, was ascribed to accidental events (25.5%). As in the previous period, besides fever, the involvement of the liver was the most frequent clinical manifestation (70.8%). Influenza-like symptoms were the only signs of illness in 15.1% of cases. Infections by 9 different serogroups were detected. The most frequent antibodies were those against serovars icterohaemorrhagiae, poi, copenhageni and bratislava. The presence of co-agglutinins against serovars belonging to different serogroups prevented the identification of the presumptive infecting serogroup in 19.8% of subjects.\n      </p>", "This article compares the social settings and teaching organization of two differently structured childbirth education courses in Cagliari, Italy, in order to understand how social processes and contexts work to negotiate authoritative knowledge. Although the explicit goal of both courses was to transmit biomedical knowledge, knowledge based in women's experience nonetheless dominated some course sessions. Thus, I examine the social processes and interactions that enabled women's experiential knowledge to dominate discussions and subsequently share in the authority of biomedical knowledge in some situations. Because few existing studies do so, this article also addresses a gap in our current understanding by exploring not only how experiential knowledge comes to share authority with biomedical knowledge, but also, why it is important that it does. Focusing on the efficacy of differently structured courses, this article informs the planning of future childbirth education courses in similar settings.\n      </p>", "Between 1987 and 1989, the prevalence of antibody to cytomegalovirus (CMV) was determined, by the ELISA method, in serum samples from 1494 apparently healthy subjects, 3-18 years old. Subjects were selected by a systematic cluster sampling from five geographical areas in Italy. The overall prevalence of antibody was 64\u00b72%, increasing from 54\u00b74% in 4-6-year-olds to 73\u00b73% in subjects 17-18 years old (P &lt; 0\u00b701). Prevalence of antibody was significantly higher in females (P &lt; 0\u00b705) and in subjects residing in the South of Italy (P &lt; 0\u00b701). A significant association was found with sociodemographic factors. Subjects belonging to a household with six or more persons had a 1\u00b75-fold risk (C.I. 95% = 1\u00b711-2\u00b704) and subjects whose fathers had less than 6 years of schooling had a 1\u00b74-fold risk (C.I. 95% = 1\u00b71-1\u00b787) of previous exposure to CMV infection. The high prevalence (74\u00b74%) of young women who are naturally immune when entering childbearing years does not guarantee that there will be a low risk of fetal infection.\n      </p>", "In recent years, the 'regional scale' within the European Union (EU) has become more central within academic and policy debates. In particular, there has been an increased focus upon the importance of so-called 'institutional thickness' for regional development within the EU. Furthermore, the fact that in several European countries, regionalist political parties have made significant electoral gains has ensured that the 'regional question' in Europe has become even more prevalent. This paper explores the linkages between institutions and regionalist political parties by focusing upon the situation in Italy where the resurgence of political regionalism, centred on the Lega Nord (LN) or Northern League political party, has been particularly strong. In particular, the paper focuses upon the development of the LN in a particular province of Northern Italy, Varese. This section explores the ways in which the LN has developed institutionally and electorally and indeed whether the party has been able to develop a specific political sub-culture to replace the previous one associated with the Christian Democrat (DC) party, which was the main party in Varese before the landmark changes that took place in Italian politics in the early 1990s.\n      </p>", "Innovation in SMEs exhibits some peculiar features that most traditional indicators of innovation activity do not capture. Therefore, in this paper, we develop a structural model of innovation that incorporates information on innovation success from firm surveys along with the usual R &amp; amp;D expenditures and productivity measures. We then apply the model to data on Italian SMEs from the \"Survey on Manufacturing Firms\" conducted by Mediocredito-Capitalia covering the period 1995-2003. The model is estimated in steps, following the logic of firms' decisions and outcomes. We find that international competition fosters R &amp; amp;D intensity, especially for high-tech firms. Firm size and R &amp; amp;D intensity, along with investment in equipment, enhances the likelihood of having both process and product innovation. Both these kinds of innovation have a positive impact on firm's productivity, especially process innovation. Among SMEs, larger and older firms seem to be less productive.\n      </p>", "Using FFS data on births and official data on abortions, focus is first given to trends in planned and unplanned pregnancies during 1970-1995, comparing Italy with the USA and France. The next step is to pinpoint groups where unplanned events are more common. Finally, the relationship between unplanned births and changes in contraceptive behaviour is examined. The planned fertility decline distinguishes Italy from other Western countries. Unplanned births and abortions have also declined considerably during the last twenty years. However, some caution is urged before it may be assumed that Italians are the masters of their own fertility as, during the first half of 1990s, 37% of conceptions were unplanned (at the moment of the event), reaching 45% among under 20 and over 35 years old women. /// En utilisant les donn\u00e9es sur les naissances des enqu\u00eates FFS et les donn\u00e9es officielles sur l'avortement, l'\u00e9volution des grossesses non plantifi\u00e9es en Italie est compar\u00e9e \u00e0 celle observ\u00e9e aux \u00c9tats-Unis et en France. L'accent est ensuite mis sur les groupes de population pour lesquels les \u00e9v\u00e9nements non planifi\u00e9s sont les plus courants. Enfin, le rapport entre naissances non planifi\u00e9es et changements du comportement contraceptif est examin\u00e9. Le d\u00e9clin de la f\u00e9condit\u00e9 planifi\u00e9e distingue l'Italie des autres pays occidentaux. Les naissances non planifi\u00e9es et les avortements ont \u00e9galement consid\u00e9rablement diminu\u00e9 pendant les vingt derni\u00e8res ann\u00e9es. Cependant, il faut \u00eatre prudent avant de conclure que les Italiens contr\u00f4lent enti\u00e8rement leur f\u00e9condit\u00e9 puisque, pendant la premi\u00e8re moiti\u00e9 des ann\u00e9es 90, 37% des conceptions \u00e9taient non planifi\u00e9es (au moment de l'\u00e9v\u00e9nement), cette proportion atteignant m\u00eame 45% chez les femmes de moins de 20 ans et de plus de 35 ans.\n      </p>", "Pour rendre compte de ce qui semble \u00eatre une nouvelle mani\u00e8re de vivre les exp\u00e9riences de migration, certains auteurs ont forg\u00e9 de nouveaux concepts comme celui de \" transnationalisme \". Ce terme est employ\u00e9 pour d\u00e9crire les processus \u00e0 travers lesquels les migrants cr\u00e9ent des champs sociaux qui traversent les fronti\u00e8res g\u00e9ographiques et politiques. Les migrants wolof mourides en Italie constituent une bonne illustration de migration transnationale. Apr\u00e8s une introduction au d\u00e9bat sur l'approche transnationale aux migrations, dans la premi\u00e8re partie, on analyse les activit\u00e9s qui permettent aux migrants mourides d'organiser leur mobilit\u00e9 et leur s\u00e9jour temporaire gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 des r\u00e9seaux sociaux et \u00e0 la transnationalisation du religieux. Toutefois, une tendance g\u00e9n\u00e9rale dans la litt\u00e9rature sur le transnationalisme postule la n\u00e9cessit\u00e9 pour ce genre d'organisations migratoires de produire automatiquement des identifications multiples aux divers contextes et un style de vie \" nomade \". Au contraire, comme on le montre dans la partie finale, les migrants mourides ne semblent pas trop changer leurs rep\u00e8res existentiels. Une grande partie d'entre eux pr\u00e9serve et renforce un sens d'appartenance au terroir, ils sont tourn\u00e9s vers l'id\u00e9e de retour et investissent toutes leurs ressources, affectives et mat\u00e9rielles, au S\u00e9n\u00e9gal. /// To take into account what seems a new way to live the experiences of migration some scholars shaped new concepts such as that of \"transnationalism\". This term is used to describe the processes through which migrants create social fields, which cut across geographical and political boundaries. Wolof mouride migrants in Italy are a good example of such a transnational migration. After an introduction to the debate over the transnational approach to migrations, in the first part I discuss the activities that allow mouride migrants to organize their mobility and their temporary settlement thanks to the transnationalisation of their social and religious networks. Yet, there exists a general tendency within the transnationalism literature to assume that such a migratory organization necessarily implies multiple identifications to various contexts and a \"nomadic\" way of life. On the contrary, as I show in the final section, mouride migrants do not seem to change their existential point of reference. Many of the migrants preserve and contribute towards shaping a strong sense of identity. They are oriented towards a return and invest materially and emotionally in S\u00e9n\u00e9gal.\n      </p>", "In Italy the price setting of medicines reimbursed by the National Health Service is regulated at the central level by AIFA, the national regulatory authority. Prices of non reimbursed medicines are indeed freely established, with some limitations, by pharmaceutical companies. To contain pharmaceutical expenditure and rationalise the whole sector the following measures have been introduced in the past years: a threshold to public pharmaceutical expenditure (PPE); a reference price system (RPS) for off-patent medicines; a pay-back mechanism as an alternative to price cut. In 2008 Italy launched a reform of the pharmaceutical expenditure governance system with the aim to introduce stability and promote development and competitiveness in the pharmaceutical sector.\n      </p>", "This article heeds Michael Kenny's call urging anthropologists of Mediterranean Europe to pay more attention to urban life and, whether they work in mountain hamlets or cities, to incorporate a historical perspective in their work. It examines the impact of industrialization on the family lives of children in Europe. Casalecchio di Reno, a sharecropping community near the city of Bologna, is the focus. From 1861 to 1921 a large textile factory employed many children in the town, and other nonagricultural work became available. Major social and political changes also took place. I examine effects of these changes on children's living situations in a society where patrilaterally extended households had long been the norm.\n      </p>", "The influence of occupation and exposure to different agents on the risk of developing soft-tissue sarcoma (STS) was assessed in a case-control study based on 93 cases of STS (53 men and 40 women) and 721 controls (371 men and 350 women), conducted in northeastern Italy. No risk elevation was found in subjects employed in agriculture (odds ratio [OR] for &gt; 10 years = 0.8, 95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 0.4-1.5), nor in those who reported exposure to pesticides or herbicides (OR = 0.4, CI = 0.1-1.2). Similarly, neither occupation in the furniture, upholstery, and mechanics industries, nor exposure to livestock or meat processing, wood dust, metal dust, and dyes or paints were associated with STS risk. Workers who reported exposure to chemical agents or to benzene or other solvents for more than 10 years had, respectively, a 1.8-fold (CI = 0.7-4.4) and a 2.2-fold (CI = 0.9-5.5) higher risk of developing STS. Although the small number of STS cases limits the interpretation of the study results, these findings weigh against the hyphothesis that pesticides, herbicides, or other exposures related to agriculture, play an important role in the etiology of STS. The direct associations with exposure to chemical agents and benzene or other solvents, albeit not statistically significant, may provide a useful hint for future investigations.\n      </p>", "In Western Friuli, Italy, there is a small area near the town of Pordenone where an ancient rite of spring is still carried out. This is the preparation of a special dish, known as \"pistic,\" a collection of 56 wild herbaceous meadow and wood plants which are boiled and then saut\u00e9ed together. This practice is still alive in a few areas of Friuli today and possibly goes back to pre-Roman Celtic cultures in this part of Friuli. The number of herbaceous plants used in this dish is extraordinarily high (56), especially when compared to the low number normally used in other conventional dishes. \"Pistic\" is therefore important, not only because it represents a quantitatively high use of wild herbs in the diet of the rural population, but also because it reflects environmental awareness, in that the archaic method of naming, identifying and using these plants still exists today. Similar rural practices include the use of \"pot herbs\" in Great Britain and in France the cooking of \"mesclun.\" / Dans le Val Colvera, dans l'ouest de Frioule, au nord-est de l'Italie, il existe une petite r\u00e9gion, pr\u00e8s de la ville de Pordenone o\u00f9 un ancien rituel printanier a toujours cours. Il s'agit de la pr\u00e9paration d'un plat sp\u00e9cial, connu sous le nom del \"Pistic,\" \u00e0 base de 56 esp\u00e8ces herbac\u00e9es sauvages des pr\u00e9s et des bois, qui sont bouillies, puis rissol\u00e9es ensemble. Cette pratique est toujours vivante dans quelques r\u00e9gions du Frioule et il est possible de la retrouver jusque dans les cultures celtique, pre-romaines, qui une et des actives dans cette partie du Frioule. Le nombre d'esp\u00e8ces herbac\u00e9es utilis\u00e9es est exceptionnellement \u00e9lev\u00e9 (56), sp\u00e9cialement quand on le compare au nombre normalement bas d'esp\u00e8ces utilis\u00e9es dans d'autres plats. Le Pistic est donc important, non seulement parce quil repr\u00e9sente un usage important d'herbes sauvages dans le r\u00e9gime des populations rurales, mais aussi parce que la nomenclature archa\u00efque, utilis\u00e9e encore actuellement pour identifier ces plantes est toujours en usage, refl\u00e8te une sensibilit\u00e9 a l'environment.\n      </p>", "       setTimeout(function(){\n                    var a=document.createElement(\"script\");\n                    var b=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];\n                    a.src=document.location.protocol+\"//dnn506yrbagrg.cloudfront.net/pages/scripts/0010/4927.js\";\n                    a.async=true;a.type=\"text/javascript\";b.parentNode.insertBefore(a,b)\n                }, 1);\n            </script><script type=\"text/javascript\">\n                \n                  var _gaq = _gaq || [];\n                  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-20266811-1']);\n                  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);\n                \n                  (function() {\n                    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;\n                    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';\n                    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);\n                  })();\n\n            </script><div id=\"SCData\" data-pagename=\"front door\" class=\"hide\"/><script src=\"/discover/application/resources/js/jstor-site-catalyst-tracking.js\" type=\"text/javascript\"> </script></body></html", "The Warmth Index of Kira was calculated for 36 meteorological stations in Italy and 18 stations in SW. Australia, both countries with mediterranean type climate. On the basis of a correlation with rainfall it appears possible to indicate distinct ecological spaces for most climatogenous vegetation types. A remarkable ecological parallelism between the natural vegetation in Italy and SW. Australia can be evidentiated; some particular features are discussed.\n      </p>", "Migration of Italians to other parts of the world has a long history and has involved very large numbers of individuals. The study of the health consequences of this migration is made possible by the availability of statistics on mortality and morbidity, both in Italy and in the host countries, and of social and economic information on the various Italian communities abroad. The results of the major studies are reviewed, comparing the rates in immigrants with those in the host countries and in Italy. The differences in cancer rates between Italian and local-born populations--for stomach cancer in both sexes, and for cancer of the colon, lung, and breast in females, and for prostate cancer--are consistent with the direction of differences between rates in Italy and those in the host countries. For colon and rectum cancer in males, there are unexpected findings in most of the United States' studies. Analysis by duration of residence shows changes in the risk for several sites in males, but not in females, according to length of stay in the host country. This finding possibly reflects greater stability of habits and lifestyle in females compared to males.\n      </p>", "The complete coding regions of the surface glycoproteins, nucleoprotein (NP), polymerase 2 (PB2), and matrix (M) of A/turkey/214845/02 and A/turkey/220158/99 (H7N3) low pathogenicity avian influenza (LPAI) viruses isolated in October 2002 in Italy were amplified and sequenced to determine the epidemiologic relationships with an A/turkey/Italy/4603/99 (H7N1/4603/99) LPAI virus isolated during the 1999-2001 epizootic in Italy. The hemagglutinin (HA) of H7N3 viruses showed 97.8% nucleotide similarity with A/turkey/Italy/4603/99 (H7N1), and NP, M, and PB2 gene similarities were 93.6%, 98.2%, and 96.2%, respectively. Phylogenetic analyses of HA, PB2, and M genes showed that H7N3 and H7N1 viruses were closely related. Sequence analysis revealed a 23 amino acid deletion in the stalk of the neuraminidase of H7N3 viruses and a unique deletion of amino acid glycine in position 17 in the NP gene of H7N1 virus. /// Se amplificaron y secuenciaron por completo las regiones codificadoras de las glicoprote\u00ednas de superficie, nucleoprote\u00edna (NP), polimerasa 2 (PB2) y matriz (M) de los virus de influenza aviar de baja patogenicidad A/pavo/214845/02 y A/pavo/220158/99 pertenecientes al subtipo H7N3, los cuales fueron aislados en Octubre del 2002 en Italia. Tambi\u00e9n se determin\u00f3 su relaci\u00f3n epidemiol\u00f3gica con el virus de baja patogenicidad A/pavo/Italia/4603/99 (H7N1/4603/99) que fue aislado durante la epizootia ocurrida entre 1999 y 2001 en Italia. La secuencia de nucle\u00f3tidos del gen para la hemoaglutinina (HA) de los virus H7N3 mostr\u00f3 una similitud del 97.8% con la correspondiente al virus A/pavo/Italia/4603/99 (H7N1), mientras que los genes NP, M, y PB2 presentaron similitudes de 93.6%, 98.2% y 96.2, respectivamente. Los an\u00e1lisis filogen\u00e9ticos de los genes HA, PB2 y M demostraron que los virus H7N3 y H7N1 est\u00e1n relacionados cercanamente. El an\u00e1lisis de las secuencias revel\u00f3 una deleci\u00f3n en la neuraminidasa de los virus H7N3 y una deleci\u00f3n del amino\u00e1cido glicina en la posici\u00f3n 17 en el gen NP del virus H7N1.\n      </p>", "In 1994, the Italian Ministry of Health implemented a National Surveillance System to obtain data on the incidence of bacterial meningitis and its causative agents, including Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib). As a consequence, case reporting of Hib meningitis is increasing year by year; in 1996, there were 126 notifications, of which 73% were in children under 2 years of age. Although underreporting still exists, parallel prospective or retrospective epidemiological surveys conducted in some Italian Regions allowed for partial correction of the incidence of Hib meningitis (up to 18.5/100,000 population in 1994).\n      </p>", "The mechanisms of perpetuation of influenza A viruses in aquatic birds, their main reservoir in nature, have not yet been completely clarified. One hypothesis is that they continue to circulate in waterfowl throughout the year, even though virus isolations during the winter months are rare. We analyzed influenza virus circulation in wild ducks in Italy during six winter seasons (1993-99), using virus isolations and serological analyses. It was apparent that influenza A viruses were constantly circulating in wild birds during all the seasons considered. Moreover, seroconversion rates (obtained from ducks recaptured during the same season) suggest a frequency of influenza infections higher than expected on the basis of the virus isolation rates. /// Los mecanismos de perpetuaci\u00f3n de los virus de influenza del tipo A en aves acu\u00e1ticas, las cuales act\u00faan como reservorios del virus, no han sido totalmente aclarados. Una de las hip\u00f3tesis sugiere que el virus contin\u00faa circulando en las poblaciones de aves acu\u00e1ticas durante todo el a\u00f1o, aunque el aislamiento del virus en los meses de invierno se realiza solo de forma muy espor\u00e1dica. Se analiz\u00f3 la circulaci\u00f3n del virus de influenza en patos silvestres en Italia durante los periodos de invierno (1993-99), mediante el uso de pruebas serol\u00f3gicas y aislamiento viral. Se concluy\u00f3 que los virus de influenza circulan constantemente en aves silvestres durante todas las estaciones estudiadas. Tambi\u00e9n los rangos de seroconversi\u00f3n (obtenidos a partir de patos recapturados durante la misma estaci\u00f3n) sugieren una frecuencia de infecci\u00f3n por el virus de influenza mayor a la prevista, basado en la frecuencia de aislamiento del virus.\n      </p>"], "words": {"all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influenza": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dissolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "smes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "centers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calculate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 24, "prob": 0.00019875035712954797}, "teaching": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "risk": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "seroepidemiological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "appropriation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "severely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "supports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "michael": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "obesity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upper": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ten": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mediterranean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surrounding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "second": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brief": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitudes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appeal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "malaria": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exchange": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gathered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "here": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "river,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reported": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "along": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumption,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "studied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "etiology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "campaign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carinii": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socioeconomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "attendance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "birds,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "contains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "visit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lyme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "type": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deciduous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cases": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "town": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flora": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "science": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pour": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 88, "prob": 0.0007287513094750092}, "believed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "example": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "figure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "give": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "process": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "numbers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "respective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "end": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rather": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "how": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "de": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mapping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ethics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "a": {"number": 30, "prob": 0.00024843794641193494}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enzymes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explicit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "restriction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reservoir": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epilepsy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mainly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "still": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "before": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "derive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "group": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "located": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "personal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exhibits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "covered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cryptococcus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northwestern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "isolations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "susceptibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "term": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "january": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grasslands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "courses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peasant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significantly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "climatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alcohol": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geopolitics,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "autochthonous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "health": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dung": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "completely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulatory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "definition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adolescent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "industrialised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "childhood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "borreliosis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "features": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "italy,": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "symbolic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "endemic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ancient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "service": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structured": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "adopted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "rates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "floristic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "completed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peculiar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "wide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "b": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "guild": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immigrants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "were": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "referral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "powers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "needs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "substantial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socio": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "apparently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "devolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "objective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "vegetation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "worldwide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "altered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "index": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incidence": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extremely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "average": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "traditional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aquatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phenomenon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "malignant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distributed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reactive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "screening": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mortality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asbestos": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vascular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "areas": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "settings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medicines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "river": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "europe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "tended": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immigrant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "close": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determinants": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pattern": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "between": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exemplar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "recently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cervical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "received": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "c": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "region": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "annual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beliefs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "s": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "overview": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "period": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "community": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "union": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "three": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "been": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indicators": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "warmth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "define": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "families": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retrospective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drugs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "plants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commerce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "confession,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contexts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "antiretroviral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "near": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pneumocystis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wild": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "situation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compliance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevalence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surface": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "in": {"number": 61, "prob": 0.0005051571577042677}, "movements": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "capture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "italy": {"number": 19, "prob": 0.0001573440327275588}, "surveillance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colorectal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habitats": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "european": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevalence,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "comprehensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phenomenon,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "births": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "negotiate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "off": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adolescents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costs": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 103, "prob": 0.0008529702826809767}, "settimeout": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "just": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "isolated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "using": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "differentiation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yet": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "migration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asthma": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "setting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "treatment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relevance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "transformation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feminism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "survival": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compte": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taxation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "follows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "refugees": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prophylaxis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "italian": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trends": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "notification": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hepatitis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "religion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habits,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "be": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "dental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "gained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "carried": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "package": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "soft": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occupation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wolf": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "steadily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "herons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beetles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nowadays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fields,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meningococcal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "way": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "var": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "breeding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valley": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "strategies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mountains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "underestimated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "complete": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "funds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "but": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "collected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "official": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "cancers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calculated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "viruses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "universal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "problem,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "gradients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "epidemiological": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "locality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vanished": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "picture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "registry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authorities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mass": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diagnosis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}