{"total_words": 1092, "documents": ["The S\u014dt\u014d sect was actively engaged in Buddhist propagation in colonial Korea after having succeeded in establishing its first missionary temple in Pusan in 1905. By the time it withdrew from Korea in 1945, the S\u014dt\u014d sect had secured an extensive propagation network connecting more than one hundred temples. Despite its successful Buddhist polemics, S\u014dt\u014d's Buddhist teachings in Korea were basically political propaganda viable only within the framework of Japanese colonial imperialism. The S\u014dt\u014d sect in colonial Korea was deeply involved in the cause of Japanese imperialism by carrying out three major tasks: Buddhist services for the Japanese military, promotion of the \"k\u014dminka\" (transforming [the colonial peoples] into imperial subjects) policy, and the pacification of colonial subjects. Not surprisingly, none of these goals-which were promoted in the name of Buddhist compassion and non-selfhood in the tradition of Zen Buddhism-could survive the collapse of Imperial Japan's claim to \"universal benevolence\" that had been premised on the Greater East Asia Coprosperity Sphere.\n      </p>", "Objective The aim of this study was to examine the geographical difference of cancer mortality to determine any potential associations between cancer mortality and farming in South Korea. Methods We calculated standardized mortality ratios (SMRs) based on age-and gender-specific cancer mortality rates for 245 geographic areas, using the registered death data from 2000 to 2004 that were obtained from the Korea National Statistical Office. Using the data from the Agriculture Census in 1995, we obtained the farming index. Poisson regression analysis was used to evaluate the associations between cancer mortality and farming after adjustment for socioeconomic factors. Results The SMR analyses based on 62,403 annual average cancer deaths yielded regional variations for all cancers combined in men (SMR = 70-192) and women ( SMR = 80-132). With increasing fanning index we found significantly elevated cancer mortality of esophagus, stomach, brain, and leukemia for men, and of esophagus and stomach for women, whereas the SMR for colorectal and gall bladder cancers were inversely associated with farming. The results were similar when the analyses were repeated after the exclusion of metropolitan areas. Conclusions Our findings suggest a possible association between farming and mortality from a few cancer sites in South Korea.\n      </p>", "The salt marsh vegetation on the west coast of North Korea was studied by the method of the Z\u00fcrich-Montpellier school. The following communities were distinguished: Suaedetum japonicae, Scirpetum iseensis, Artemisietum fukudo, and the following were described as new: Triglochini maritimae-Phragmitetum communis, Artemisio capillaris-Salsoletum komarovii and Salsolo komarovii-Rosetum rugosae. The phytocoenological material was also analysed by means of numerical techniques. The population density of Suaeda japonica was examined in accordance with the distance from the sea. The description of the zoning of the vegetation was based on the study of transects three localities and was supplemented by chemical analyses of the soil.\n      </p>", "Two undescribed species of Hypericum (Clusiaceae) have been found during floristic research in Korea. Hypericum chejuense S.-J. Park &amp; K.-J. Kim and H. jeongjocksanense S.-J. Park &amp; K.-J. Kim are described and illustrated from Cheju Island in southern Korea and Jeongjock Mountain in southeastern Korea, respectively. Hypericum chejuense and H. jeongjocksanense are easily distinguished from the closely related H. erectum Thunberg ex Murray and H. laxum (Blume) Koidzumi, respectively, by their habit, petal and sepal size, inflorescence type, style length, stylar hair distribution, leaf base shape, stem branching pattern, sepal size, and DNA sequence from the nuclear ITS regions.\n      </p>", "A new species of fern, Phegopteris koreana (Thelypteridaceae), was collected from southern Korea and is described here. Phegopteris koreana is most similar to P. decursive-pinnata morphologically; however, the new species consistently shows discontinuous morphological gaps from the latter in the shape of the fronds, pinnae, and ultimate segments, venation pattern in ultimate segments, tufted trichomes in the sori, and spore wall sculpturing.\n      </p>", "The year 2011 saw South Korea deepen bilateral cooperation with the United States while building its status as a global player on the international stage. These developments were facilitated by broader regional dynamics\u2014particularly with respect to Japan and China\u2014that helped push Washington and Seoul closer together. Key issues with the potential to redirect South Korea's bilateral and global trajectories in the coming months include the Korea-U.S. Free Trade Agreement, the death of Kim Jong-il and policy toward North Korea, and election year politics in South Korea.\n      </p>", "Despite agreements in 2007 in the Six-Party Talks, the U.S. and South Korea have had trouble reaching consensus in dealing with subsequent nuclear crises spawned by North Korea. This study focuses on South Korean strategic thinking about and policy toward North Korea and Korean unification, and their changes since the 1990s.\n      </p>", "We examined the influence of both local habitat and landscape variables on mammal species abundance in a forest fragmented by road construction and in continuous forest in 8 study sites in Mt. Chirisan National Park, South Korea, from 2001 to 2004. We recorded tracks of 8 species of mammals, Siberian weasels (Mustela sibirica), yellow-throated martens (Martesflavigula), Bengal cats (Felis bengalensis), wild boars (Sus scrofa), water deer (Hydropotes inermis), roe deer (Capreolus capreolus), Korean hares (Lepus coreanus), and red squirrels (Sciurus vulgaris), on the snow on 8 2-km transects in our study areas. There were significant differences in density of snags, mean tree basal area, and in shrub coverage between the fragmented and unfragmented forest areas. We found significant differences in abundance index of tracks between the fragmented and unfragmented areas for 5 mammal species; the others had even distributions. Of the 8 mammal species analyzed, 5 species related to landscape and local vegetation variables in a stepwise approach with repeated measures. Landscape variables are significant predictors of abundance for many mammal species. Forest managers should consider multiple measures of forest fragmentation sensitivity when making forest management decisions.\n      </p>", "This paper analyzes the potential risks of the Russia-North Korea-South Korea (RNS) gas pipeline, comparing it with the Russia-Ukraine-Europe (RUE) pipeline. I argue that the possibility of disputes is much higher in the RNS case. Furthermore, I propose that the South Korean government opt to import liquefied natural gas by ship directly from Russia if contingency plans in the case of gas supply disruptions in the RNS pipeline are not available.\n      </p>", "A new species in Araceae, Pinellia koreana, is described from South Korea. Pinellia koreana differs from P. yaoluopingensis, P. pedatisecta, and P. ternata by having 3-foliolate leaves with bilobed lateral leaflets when mature and only petioles bearing bulbils. A polyploid chromosome number is reported for the new species (2n = 104), representing an octoploid series from a base number x = 13.\n      </p>", "This article contributes to the small but growing geographic literature on the internationalization of retailing by exploring the strategic localization of transnational retailers. While it has long been recognized that firms in many different sectors localize their activities to meet the requirements of different national and local markets, the imperative is particularly strong for retail transnational corporations (TNCs) because of the extremely high territorial embeddedness of their activities. This embeddedness can be seen through the ways in which retailers seek to establish and maintain extensive store networks, adapt their offerings to various cultures of consumption, and manage the proliferation of connections to the local supply base. We illustrate these conceptual arguments through a case study of the Samsung-Tesco joint venture in South Korea, profiling three particular aspects of Samsung-Tesco's strategic localization: the localization of products, the localization of sourcing, and the localization of staffing and strategic decision making. In conclusion, we argue that the strategic localization of transnational retailers needs to be conceptualized as a dynamic that evolves over time after initial inward investment and that localization should be seen as a two-way dynamic that has the potential to have a wider impact on the parent corporation.\n      </p>", "Since the end of the 1990s, in order to improve relations, Mongolia has intensified its engagement policy with North Korea. This article analyzes the overall development and future prospects of bilateral relations and various aspects of this policy.\n      </p>", "South Korea's growth as an outward foreign direct investment (OFDI) player is an example of developing countries becoming major foreign investors. China has become the largest destination for Korean OFDI, which appears to complement Seoul's exports to China.\n      </p>", "China criticized North Korea's nuclear test in 2006, but Beijing refused to condemn Pyongyang's provocations in 2010. When will China punish North Korea's belligerence? The \u201cDual Threats Model\u201d suggests that China responds only when Pyongyang's activities heighten the possibility of U.S. military response, and as long as Pyongyang remains stable.\n      </p>", "The relationship between centralized political authority and the construction of large-scale irrigation systems has been a major research topic in both anthropology and archaeology for many decades. One of the objects of this research has been to determine whether large-scale irrigation works were a cause or a result of political centralization. Some scholars (e.g., Wittfogel) have argued that construction of such projects played a critical role in the emergence of centralized, bureaucratic social structures. Others believe that large-scale irrigation works were constructed only after a centralized government emerged, and that before this, local people managed relatively small-scale cooperative irrigation works without intervention of a centralized political authority. This paper argues that large-scale reservoirs were constructed only after and because of the appearance of centralized political organization, in this case, the Silla Kingdom in ancient Korea.\n      </p>", "The hierarchical economic relationship between Korea and Japan has gradually unraveled since mid-1980 as Korea began to build a competitive economic structure. The emergence of new policy ideas and development strategies in Korea was pivotal in bringing about this dramatic turnaround.\n      </p>", "This article compares anti-American beef politics in South Korea (2008) and Taiwan (2009) to solve the puzzle of why two similar social protests resulted in dissimilar outcomes. Given the highly comparable political contexts of conservative ascendancy, we argue that cultural factors determined the movement trajectories. The presence of anti-Americanism and the centrality of beef in the national diet produced a strong anti-government movement in Korea but not in Taiwan.\n      </p>", "A new species and a new variety of Cimicifuga (Ranunculaceae) are described and illustrated. Cimicifuga austrokoreana, restricted to south-central Korea, is distinguished from the other species of the genus by its strongly arcuate inflorescence axis, much shorter pedicels, and three bracteoles, one at the base and the other two at the middle of the pedicel. Cimicifuga elata var. alpestris, found in southern Oregon in the United States, is distinguished from variety elata and the other members of the genus by its sheathing scales surrounding the lower nodes of the stem.\n      </p>", "The nuclear test conducted by North Korea in October 2006 placed the Koreas at the center of world news. Prior to the nuclear test, free trade agreement talks with the United States dominated the year's domestic political discussions. Less newsworthy but potentially more profound are demographic trends, especially the rapid aging of the population, the record low fertility rate, and the rising number of intermarriages.\n      </p>", "South Korea in 2007 was rocked by a series of scandals and sensational news that eclipsed historical and contemporary struggles to shape economic growth and political democracy. The most important issue\u2014the division of the Korean nation\u2014continued to grab headlines. Although no resolution to the issue of national division seemed imminent, South Korea registered economic and political gains in 2007.\n      </p>", "Russia had two objectives in its relationship with North Korea. One was denuclearization and the other was to promote influence on the Korean Peninsula to balance the U.S. and Japan. Denuclearization has failed, and Russia will adjust to a nuclear North Korea to further its second aim.\n      </p>", "Two new species of the genus Ceratophysella from Korea, Ceratophysella biclavata n. sp. and Ceratophy sella platyna n. sp. are described and illustrated. Ceratophy sella biclavata differs from the closely related species Ceratophy sella sigillata (Uzel 1891) by the shape of antennal bulb on antennal segment IV, the number of clavate tenent hairs and the number of granules between p1 upon abdominal segment V. Ceratophy sella platyna resembles Ceratophysella denticulata (Bagnall 1941) and Ceratophy sella communis (Folsom 1898), but distinctly differs from the latter by the shape of tenent hairs. A key to the identification of the Korean species of Ceratophy sella is included. In addition, the known species Hypogastrura gracilis (Folsom 1899) is described and recorded for the first time from Korea. /// Dos nuevas especies del $g\\acute{e}nero$ Ceratophy sella de Korea, Ceratophy sella biclavata sp. n. y Ceratophy sella platyna sp. n. son descritas e ilustradas. Ceratophy sella biclavata se distingue de la especie cercana Ceratophy sella sigillata (Uzel, 1891) por la forma del bulbo antenal en el segmento IV de la antena, el $n\\acute{u}mero$ de setas adhesivas clavadas y el $n\\acute{u}mero$ de los $gr\\acute{a}nulos$ entre p1 en el segmento V del abdomen. Ceratophy sella platyna se parece a Ceratophy sella denticulata (Bagnall, 1941) y Ceratophy sella communis (Folsom, 1898), pero difiere claramente de estos por la forma de las setas adhesivas. Una clave para la $identificati\\acute{o}n$ de las especies koreanas de Ceratophy sella es incluida. Tambi\u00e9n se adjunta la especie conocida Hypogastrura gracilis (Folsom, 1899) la cual es descrita y registrada por primera vez en Korea.\n      </p>", "Two new species of Heloniopsis (Melanthiaceae) endemic to Korea are described: H tubiflora and H. koreana. Heloniopsis tubiflora is similar to H. orientalis, but the former has flowers at anthesis arranged obliquely downward (to pendulous) and has a basally tubular perianth, usually recurved apically (rarely straight) and bluish-purple to purple (but usually whitish near the apex when mature). Heloniopsis koreana differs from H. orientalis in having leaves that are usually spathulate, rarely oblanceolate, with minutely undulate margin, and with tepals slightly saccate to non-saccate at the base. Through comparison of herbarium specimens, we conclude that all plants in Korea comprise these two new endemic species. Based on the molecular phylogeny resulting from combined analyses of trnK 5' intron and matK DNA sequence data, Heloniopsis comprises three lineages: (1) five species in Japan and Taiwan; (2) H koreana; and (3) H. tubiflora.\n      </p>", "This article examines anti-American sentiment in South Korea by taking a closer look at the ways in which hegemonic ideas of anti-North Korea and pro-U.S. have been deconstructed. It argues that the extent to which South Koreans perceive a North Korean threat exerts a significant influence on anti-American sentiment in South Korea.\n      </p>", "Trigonodemus koreanus, new species (type locality: Mt. Odaesan, Korea) is described, and a habitus photo and line illustrations of diagnostic features are provided for its recognition. The differences among T. lebioides (Kraatz), T. schuelkei Smetana, and T. koreanus are discussed.\n      </p>", "Relocating the forward-deployed U.S. forces in Korea south of the Han River is part of the Pentagon's Global Defense Posture Review, a process that stems from America's military transformation. This unprecedented move is headed in a direction that simultaneously challenges the half-century-old alliance and promotes a new partnership between the U.S. and South Korea.\n      </p>", "During the first half of 2009, North Korea's relations with South Korea remained frozen, and its second nuclear test angered the entire international community. Beginning in August, the regime adopted a softer foreign policy line, while insisting that it would never give up its nuclear weapons.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this article is two-pronged. First, it seeks to identify the factors that seem to lower trust in the USA among South Koreans. These factors weaken the traditionally solid Korea-USA alliance and have led a US expert to call South Korea a \"runaway ally.\" Second, this article empirically tests various explanations of trust using a nationwide survey of South Koreans conducted in 2005. This article employs multiple regression analysis to test the hypothesized relationships. The results indicate that the following factors have a statistically significant impact on trust in the USA: ideological anti-Americanism, short- and long-term factors related to the activities of Americans or the USA, national self-esteem, and American pop culture. /// Le but de cette \u00e9tude est double. D'abord, celle-ci cherche \u00e0 identifier les facteurs qui semblent abaisser la confiance des Cor\u00e9ens du Sud vis-\u00e0-vis des \u00c9tats-Unis. Ces facteurs affaiblissent l'alliance traditionnellement forte entre la Cor\u00e9e et les USA, et ont conduit un expert am\u00e9ricain \u00e0 qualifier la Cor\u00e9e du Sud d' \"alli\u00e9 en fuite\". En second lieu, cette \u00e9tude examine empiriquement diverses explications de la confiance en utilisant une enqu\u00eate des Cor\u00e9ens du Sud conduite dans tout le pays en 2005. Cette \u00e9tude utilise l'analyse de r\u00e9gression multiple pour examiner des relations pr\u00e9sum\u00e9es. Les r\u00e9sultats indiquent que les facteurs suivants ont un impact statistiquement significatif sur la confiance \u00e0 l'\u00e9gard des \u00c9tats-Unis: l'anti-am\u00e9ricanisme id\u00e9ologique, les facteurs \u00e0 court et long terme reli\u00e9s aux activit\u00e9s des Am\u00e9ricains ou des Etats-Unis, la fiert\u00e9 nationale et la pop culture am\u00e9ricaine.\n      </p>", "A brief historical setting of Sokkuram in the context of Silla unification of Korea will be followed by a further brief cultural setting of this temple - considering it a product of both an international Buddhism and an 'international style'. The first discussion deals with those aspects which set Sokkuram apart from its Asian rock-cut temple equivalents. It will consider what type of Buddhist building Sokkuram is, some Asian prototypes, the method of construction, its architectural elements and decoration, and a comparison with the Yungang and Longmen sites in China. The second discussion deals with the political significance of Sokkuram, taking the building as part of a national programme of State Buddhism comparable with other east Asian countries at that time, and it considers the temple's siting, orientation and use of iconography to underline a political, as well as a religious, message.\n      </p>", "This paper studies the political economy of financial liberalization in Korea. We highlight the primary importance of state intervention in promoting financial liberalization. We shed light on \"power games\" of state, big business, and foreign investors emerging in state-led financial liberalization, and their impact on the Korean economy.\n      </p>", "This article examines how the nature of work has changed since the 1997 financial crisis in South Korea. We demonstrate that a majority of workers now have become irregular workers, how peoples' perception of work has changed, and how the changing trends of work have impacted the quality of life.\n      </p>", "This study takes a disaggregated approach to the analysis of recent anti-American sentiments in Korea. It examines how the political changes entailed in the processes of democratization and democratic consolidation in the arenas of civil society, political society, and the state have diversely affected anti-U.S. sentiments in Korea.\n      </p>", "The paper presents some data on the weed vegetation of soya bean fields in lowlands and on the slopes of the Changbaishan Mts., in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. Two plant communities, Acalypho australis-Digitarietum pectiniformis Dost\u00e1lek, Kolbek et Jarol\u00edmek 1990 and Cephalonoploso segetii-Geranietum eriostemonii Dost\u00e1lek, Kolbek et Jarol\u00edmek 1990 are described and their syntaxonomy briefly discussed.\n      </p>", "Two new species of the genus Aulacorthum, Aulacorthum asteriphagum sp. nov. and Aula corthum corydalicola sp. nov., are recognized from Korea on Aster scaber Thunb. and Corydalis spp. (C. pallida Pers. and C. speciosa Maxim.), respectively. They are described and illustrated in comparison with the closely related species Aulacorthum solani Kaltenbach 1843. Aulacorthum asteriphagum is mainly characterized by many secondary rhinaria (4-12) on Antenna III, and A. corydalicola is distinguished by short antennae (2.30-2.75 mm) including dark Antenna III. A revised key to the identification of the Korean species of Aulacorthum is presented. /// Dos nuevas especies de afidos (pulgones) del genero Aulacorthum, Aulacorthum asteriphagum sp. nov. y Aulacorthum corydalicola sp. nov., son reconocidos de Corea, sobre Aster scaber Thunb. y Corydalis spp. (C. pallida Pers. y C. speciosa Maxim.), respectivamente. Estos son descritos e ilustrados en comparaci\u00f3n con la especie cercanamente relacionada, Aulacorthum solani Kaltenbach 1843. Entre las especies aliadas, se caracteriza Aulacorthum asteriphagum sp. nov. principalmente por tener muchas rinarias (sensorias) secundarias (4-12) sobre Ant. III ( tercer segmento del antena); se distingue Aulacorthum corydalicola sp. nov. por la corta longitud de su antena (2.30-2.75 mm), incluyendo el segmento Ant. III oscuro. Una clave para la identificaci\u00f3n de las especies de Aulacorthum de Corea es incluida.\n      </p>", "Since the late 1990s, adult adopted Koreans have been officially welcomed back to their country of birth as \"overseas Koreans,\" a legal designation instituted by Korea's state-sponsored \"globalization\" (segyehwaj projed. Designed to build economic and social networks between Korea and its seven million compatriots abroad, this policy projects an ethnonationalist and deterritorialized vision of Korea that depends upon a conflation of \"blood\" with \"kinship\" and \"nation.\" Adoptees present a particularly problematic subset of overseas Koreans: they have biological links to Korea, but their adoptions have complicated the sentimental and symbolic ties of \"blood\" upon which this familialist and nationalist state policy depend. Because international adoption replaces biological with social parenthood and involves the transfer of citizenship, to incorporate adoptees as \"overseas Koreans,\" the state must honor the authority and role of adoptive parents who raised them, even as they invite adoptees to (re)claim their Koreanness. Government representations optimistically construe adoptees as cultural \"ambassadors\" and economic \"bridges, \"yet for adoptees themselves-whose lives have been split across two nations, two families and two histories-the cultural capital necessary to realize their transnational potential seems to have already been forfeited. Based on fieldwork with an expatriate community of adoptees living and working in Seoul, this article examines how adoptees are speders oj both family and foreign ness in Korea. I argue that, rather than demonstrating the possibilities of a borderless world, Korean adoptees illuminate how state practices and political economy structure \"kinship\" and \"nation\" for transnational subjects caught up in contemporary dialectics of nationalism and globalization\n      </p>", "This article explores the gendered construction of South Korean citizenship through the lens of North Korean settlers' experiences in South Korea. Drawing on ethnographic research, the author delves into the citizen-making process, critically examining the impact of gendered modernizing projects on North Korean settlers' daily lives. North Korean settlers are expected to get rid of their ethnic markers and transform themselves into modern citizen-subjects of South Korea. The author demonstrates that the overall frame of perception of North Korean settlers is deeply gendered, with modernity as a powerful ethnic marker. The notion of ethnicized citizenship in the context of two Koreas offers a concrete account of how ethnicities are created and employed in stratified structure of citizenship.\n      </p>", "Three late Quaternary stratigraphic units are present in the macrotidal-flat deposit in Namyang Bay, west coast of Korea: a mid-to-late Holocene greenish gray sand/mud deposit (unit Ml), an early Holocene reddish brown clay deposit (unit Tl), and a late Pleistocene yellowish, semi-consolidated mud deposit (unit M2), in descending order. Unit Ml, representing a Holocene intertidal-flat deposit, shows a coarsening-upward trend in texture, which is resulted from the continual retrogradation of the tidal flat during the mid-to-late Holocene sea-level rise. This retrogradational coarsening-upward succession, elucidating a reverse trend to the progradational fining-upward facies model generalized for tidal flats worldwide, may be attributable to a very low accumulation rate (&lt;1 mm/yr) in this sedimentbarren coastal setting. Reddish brown-colored unit Tl, clearly separated from overlying unit Ml by a sharp lithologic boundary, consists of homogeneous clay with abundant freshwater siderite grains. Radiocarbon age, siderite grains, and lithologic features indicate that unit Tl is the early Holocene deposit in freshwater bog or swamp, infilling topographic lows. Overlain unconformably by the early Holocene clay deposit, unit M2 is characterized by dewatered, oxidized mud, which is interpreted as being the late Pleistocene tidal deposit that was subaerially exposed during the sea-level lowstand, possibly LGM. The unconformity between units M2 and Tl is probably related to the latest Pleistocene or earliest Holocene sea-level lowstand.\n      </p>", "To examine relationship of education, occupation, and income with mortality risk, the 1998 National Health and Nutrition Survey data were linked to data on mortality. Education, occupation, and income had independent effects on mortality risk after adjustment for the remaining two socioeconomic position indicators. Educational, occupational, and financial approaches would be equally important to reduce socioeconomic mortality inequalities in South Korea.\n      </p>", "This essay examines the larger forces that have a bearing on the future development of Korea. In doing so, I draw upon a framework that describes four fundamental influences \u2014 culture, markets, history, and geography \u2014 in terms of an essential underlying tension between modernity and tradition. I examine the interplay between these somewhat abstract or generic forces in the specific context of contemporary Korean society which, although evolving quickly, I argue is still largely rooted in a tradition that emphasizes cultural values over market values and spatial identity over temporal identity. The developmental trajectory I see for Korea in the coming decades is one that retains many of these same cultural values, but articulates them in a more dynamic, less static manner. This is ultimately a question of \"reinventing Korea\" as a more integral and integrative component of Northeast Asia.\n      </p>", "North Korea underwent a seemingly seamless leadership transition from father to son in the midst of a struggling economy and widespread hunger. The North drew even closer to China but also reached out to the United States and Russia for the first time in several years. Meanwhile, inter-Korean relations remained in a deep freeze.\n      </p>", "The year 2007 witnessed a gradual rapprochement between North Korea and the world, reflecting changes both in the country's external environment and domestic political economy. Key markers were the resumption of the Six-Party Talks and the second North-South summit. Whether these developments will endure depends largely on North Korean intentions.\n      </p>", "By \u201cmirroring\u201d trade and investment statistics of those engaged in such activities with North Korea, I calculate the prevailing net deficiency in food, fertilizer, and oil, and identify China as the source of replenishment for such deficiency. From such findings, we may infer the political ramifications behind China's persistent economic support for the North.\n      </p>", "Since the collapse of the U.S.-North Korea Agreed Framework in 2002, the Bush administration has failed to restrain North Korea's nuclear weapons ambitions, principally because of the constraints of highly idealized convictions. Resolution of the Korean nuclear crisis now depends on U.S. initiative beyond the boundaries of these predispositions and beyond the terms of the nuclear crisis itself.\n      </p>", "In 2008, North-South relations worsened, food shortages re-emerged, and the Six Party process yielded an interim agreement. The U.S. dropped North Korea from the terrorism list but nuclear verification issues remained contentious. Kim Jong-il reportedly suffered a stroke in August, casting uncertainty over all aspects of politics and policy.\n      </p>", "NGOs have been a major actor in South Korea's democratic governance and have sometimes played key roles in cooperation with the government. However, their once prominent status is in decline, attributed here to their structural weakness, over-politicization, and the risk of being potentially co-opted by the government\n      </p>", "South Korea's and Japan's telecommunications sectors developed rapidly, especially in high-speed, low-priced broadband. We argue that both countries are engaged in strategic liberalization, fostering competition to reach specific goals. However, different political dynamics pushed their initially similar policy regimes apart. Korea retained its managed competition regime while Japan experienced a regime shift.\n      </p>", "By comparing major online activities in China and South Korea, this article analyzes how the leaders of China and South Korea have influenced the use of the Internet and how the Internet has made it possible for individuals and groups to have their views reflected in policy making processes.\n      </p>", "Fowl cholera (FC) caused by Pasteurella multocida was diagnosed in waterfowl, Baikal teals (Anas formosa), submitted to the National Veterinary Research and Quarantine in Korea. The total number of mortalities was 13,228 out of approximately 100,000 birds that wintered in Cheonsoo Bay, the most important habitat area of Baikal teals in the world. Clinical sings were detected in only a few birds because of sudden death. Grossly, the dead Baikal teals had lesions consistent with FC, including multifocal necrotic foci in the liver with enlargement, petechial or ecchymotic hemorrhages on the heart, and mucoid exudates in the duodenal mucosa. Microscopically, there were hepatocytic necrosis with bacterial colonization, hemorrhage and necrosis in the myocardium, and hemorrhagic enteritis. Pasteurella multocida was isolated from the liver and the heart of all birds examined, and the isolate (P-627) was the serotype 1 \u00d7 12 \u00d7 13 by the agar gel immunodiffusion test. In order to estimate the virulence of P-627, 5-wk-old commercial ducks were exposed intramuscularly or intratracheally to the bacterium. On the basis of mortality rate, the isolate, P-627, was found to be highly virulent. This is the first report of an outbreak of FC in Baikal teals in Korea. /// Se diagnostic\u00f3 c\u00f3lera aviar causada por Pasteurella multocida en cercetas del Baikal (Anas formosa) remitidas al Servicio Nacional de Investigaci\u00f3n y Cuarentena en Corea. El n\u00famero total de aves muertas fue de 13 228 de aproximadamente 100 000 aves que permanecieron en la bah\u00eda de Cheonsoo, que es el h\u00e1bitat m\u00e1s importante de \u00e9stas cercetas en el mundo. Los signos cl\u00ednicos se detectaron s\u00f3lo en algunas aves debido a la muerte aguda. A la necropsia, las cercetas muertas presentaron lesiones muy caracter\u00edsticas de c\u00f3lera aviar. Dichas lesiones incluyeron focos necr\u00f3ticos multifocales en el h\u00edgado con hepatomegalis, hemorragias petequiales y equim\u00f3ticas en el coraz\u00f3n y exudado mucoide en la mucosa duodenal. A la histopatolog\u00eda se detect\u00f3 necrosis de hepatocitos con colonizaci\u00f3n bacteriana, hemorragias y necrosis en el miocardio y enteritis hemorr\u00e1gica. Se aisl\u00f3 Pasteurella multocida de h\u00edgado y de coraz\u00f3n de todas las aves examinadas y el aislamiento (P-627) correspondi\u00f3 al serotipo 1:12:13 mediante la prueba de inmunodifusi\u00f3n en gel de agar. Para estudiar la virulencia del aislamiento P-627, se inocularon patos comerciales de cinco semanas con la bacteria por las rutas intramuscular \u00f3 intratraqueal. De acuerdo con la mortalidad se determin\u00f3 que el aislamiento P-627 era altamente virulento. Este es el primer reporte de un brote de c\u00f3lera aviar en cercetas del Baikal en Corea.\n      </p>", "Following North Korea's second nuclear test, the U.N. Security Council tightened sanctions. However, North Korea has tilted its relations toward partners uninterested in such measures. Since 2005, it has retreated from economic reform, most obviously in the 2009 confiscatory currency reform. These developments raise doubts about North Korea's interest in engagement.\n      </p>", "In 2006 North Korea raised its well-honed skill at brinkmanship to a new height. In July it tested seven missiles and, three months later, a modest-sized plutonium-fueled bomb. The response of the United Nations Security Council was swift, imposing on North Korea stringent sanctions.\n      </p>", "This article explores changes in employment systems in Japan and Korea following the economic crisis of the 1990s. It finds significant changes as well as continuities in both countries that reflect similarities and differences.\n      </p>", "Late instar larvae of Cafius histrio (Sharp), C. mimulus (Sharp) and C. rufescens Sharp are described for the first time in Korea. Partial cytochrome oxidase II gene sequences (396 bp) of adults and larvae for each species were compared to confirm the conspecificity of the larvae and adults of each individual species. Diagnostic characters are provided for separation of the known species of Cafius Curtis in Korea and illustrations of diagnostic features are presented.\n      </p>", "Aim The Korean peninsula is elongated in shape and is connected to the Asian continent on the north. The peninsular effect - a decline in species density or richness as a function of distance from the mainland base (towards the distal tip) of a peninsula - was evaluated for plants and animals in different peninsulas. The aims of the present study were to describe the pattern of butterfly species diversity and to determine what factors may be responsible for this pattern along the Korean peninsula. The distribution pattern of butterfly species in South Korea before and after the Korean War was also investigated. Location South Korea (34-38 1/2\u00b0 N, 126-129\u00b0 E). Methods Forty-three quadrats, each 1/2\u00b0 latitude by 1/2\u00b0 longitude, and three data sets - butterfly distribution data from 1938 to 1950, butterfly distribution data from 1976 to 1999, and the combined data - were analysed. The influence of four variables - latitude, longitude, area and maximum altitude - on each quadrat was investigated using multiple regression analysis. Results and conclusion The analyses revealed a marked peninsular effect: there was a significant positive correlation between butterfly species richness and latitude. Additionally, habitat diversity, expressed as maximum altitude, was significantly correlated with butterfly species richness. I conclude that both the geographical orientation and habitat diversity contribute to butterfly species diversity across South Korea. Comparison of ranges between the older and recent data sets suggests that geographical distributions of several species are dramatically reduced in size. These species may be used for future conservation activities in South Korea.\n      </p>", "This study documents the extent of savings in representative rural households in South Korea during 1962-76. A technique for measuring permanent income from cross-section data is used to estimate marginal savings behavior. The results show that households saved a remarkably large part of their incomes. During the late 1960s these savings were, on the margin, about one-fifth of permanent incomes and about four-fifths of transitory incomes. Authors also conclude that useful measures of permanent and transitory income can be estimated from cross-section data.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the growing trend in income inequality in Korea and Taiwan. The two recent East Asian democracies have witnessed rising inequality since the 1990s but with cross-national differences. We find that market inequality is higher in Taiwan than in Korea, yet the Taiwan government\u2019s efforts to reduce this disparity are stronger than similar moves in Korea. By applying the logic of economic, social, and political effects, we find both similar trends and divergent paths in the politics of inequality in the two countries.\n      </p>", "The long-standing strategic disconnect between South Asia and the Korean Peninsula is breaking down. Driven by the changing balance of power in Asia, India and South Korea have developed a strong economic partnership, and taken small but significant steps toward a political and security relationship that refects their numerous shared strategic interests. This article explores the contours of this evolving relationship.\n      </p>", "Orobanche filicicola, invalidly named by Nakai, is nomenclaturally validated. It is related to O. pycnostachya and O. amurensis but differs markedly from them by its corolla color, style pubescence, and overall small size.\n      </p>", "South Korea's mode of responding to the rise of China is not fixed but continues to evolve. The recent clash over Koguryo historiography provides a sobering example of how easily the symbiotic relationship can be abruptly interrupted. It shows the need for careful management of the bilateral relationship by both Seoul and Beijing.\n      </p>", "South Korea has been pursuing food self-sufficiency using high tariffs and high administrative prices in key agricultural and food markets. Using a dual approach to trade and trade restrictiveness indices, we analyze the impact of these market distortions on welfare and trade volume. Then, we compute second-best distortions, which minimize the welfare cost of meeting observed levels of self-sufficiency and production. We rationalize these second-best distortions to what could be claimed as legitimate protection under a \"food security\" (FS) box in World Trade Organization (WTO) negotiations. FS-box protection is sensitive to changes in the definition and the extent of the FS objectives. We show that FS via production targets and reliance on imports would be more palatable to consumers and trade partners, while preserving income transfer to the farm sector.\n      </p>", "This article examines the progress, problems, and prospects of Russian-South Korean energy security cooperation. Several ongoing energy projects between Russia and South Korea are highly likely to enhance energy security needs for both countries. Nevertheless, the development of bilateral energy projects has been extremely slow.\n      </p>", "Japan's reemergence as a \"normal\" military power has been accelerated by the \"super-sizing\" of North Korea: a product of the North's extant military threat, multiplied exponentially by its undermining of U.S.-Japan alliance solidarity, views of the North as a domestic \"peril,\" and the North's utilization as a catch-all proxy for remilitarization.\n      </p>", "The role and status of women in North Korea have changed in recent years. Reports suggest that women, more than men, have become active players in emerging capitalist processes, particularly those centered on local markets, thus creating new opportunities for themselves and new challenges for the regime.\n      </p>", "Theoretical developments on the temporalities of social movements have been grounded in both long-term and mid-term perspectives. This focus has obscured the processes of short-term mobilizations, leaving it unclear whether the established models explain the micro-dynamics of short-term protests. Considering the important effects short-term protests have on political processes, it is crucial to analyze how they develop in interaction with their external environment every day. This article seeks to address this research lacuna by extending the current perspectives into short-term protests. It tests whether the daily fluctuations of political and cultural contexts shaped the anti-U.S. beef protests in South Korea in 2008, with a temporal span of 121 days. The findings emphasize the importance of political and discursive opportunities for protests to develop: While state repression as well as state actors\u2019 dissonant/incoherent statements spurred protests, third-party actors\u2019 dissonant/incoherent opinions in the conservative media led to a decline in protests.\n      </p>", "The strain between the U.S. and the ROK is often seen as a result of South Korea's anti-Americanism. However, alliance strain and anti-Americanism have not necessarily changed together. This conceptual disparity calls for the need to specify, rather than assume, causality. We utilize newly collected data from two major Korean dailies to show this need.\n      </p>", "Climate change is a new variable that may weaken the Kim Jong-il regime by disrupting North Korea's agricultural sector, leading to greater food insecurity and erosion of the state's institutions. North Korea has limited capacity to adapt to climate hazards, which could exacerbate existing stresses and push the regime into terminal decay.\n      </p>", "This article examines whether Confucian Asian values are incompatible with liberal democracy. Analyses of the East Asia Barometer Survey conducted in South Korea reveal that attachment to those values makes it more difficult to reject authoritarian rule than to embrace democracy. These findings suggest that Asian values detract from cultural democratization primarily by keeping the mass public oriented toward the virtues of authoritarian politics.\n      </p>", "The article deals with the herbal vegetation of flow and basin watersides in North Korea. Characterizations of associations Polygonetum thunbergii Lohm. et Miyawaki 1962 and Polygonetum sieboldii-hydropiperis Okuda 1978 are given. Persicarietum posumbu, Aeschynomeno-Kummerowietum, Bidens bipinnata-community, Hemarthria sibirica-community, Persicaria dissitiflora-community and Bidens tripartita-community are newly described. All phytosociological relev\u00e9s were numerically classified by the computer program NUMCLAS. Brief notes on development, ecology and classification of waterside vegetation are mentioned.\n      </p>", "Korea is a society subject to quite diverse social forces. Modernization \"should\" encourage reform, but the yoke of tradition restrains this tendency. This paper examines the patterns of preferential treatment of executives, based on family, school, and regional ties, by the owners of large \"Jaebol\" corporations in Korea. We found that about 21% of the total number of executive positions in the large corporations were occupied by individuals who had some type of \"family tie\" with the owners of the corporations. Also, there is a strong tendency of corporation owners to employ the executives of the same regional origin of birth as their own, but the affinity based on school ties was not as strong as that of regional origin. The findings of this study seem to support the arguments of previous studies that claimed a \"trust\" factor as a main cause of social similarity and affinity between the owners and executives in corporations.\n      </p>", "This article considers the practical and symbolic value of English in South Korea. We argue that English works as an index of South Korea's and South Koreans' cosmopolitan striving in the global order. We assert, however, that the values of English diverge across the class spectrum. We thus examine the life of English and cosmopolitanism through the narratives of three mothers with distinct class positions on their management of their children's English after-school education. We consider the mothers' interest in and commitment to their children's and in some cases their own-English education as an intergenerational gendered project. We examine the ways in which mothers' management of this after-school English education speaks to their own class mobility (or maintenance) and cosmopolitan strivings. The article asserts that English works simultaneously as both a local and global sign, and that nationalism and cosmopolitanism are not contradictory.\n      </p>", "The present study examines the ingredients of strategic state intervention in growth driven by special economic zones (SEZs). Analyzing the experiences of Taiwan, South Korea, and India, the research reveals that essential components of a strategic SEZ policy include the spirit of experimentation with strategic policy making informed by a medium- to long-term vision, as well as a strong commitment, pragmatic approach, dynamic learning, and institution-building.\n      </p>", "We have examined morphological and chromosomal variation in Fallopia sect. Reynoutria in Korea to clarify their taxonomic identities and to determine whether their morphological variability is associated with ploidy levels. Principal components analysis (PCA) of individuals from 21 populations, using major distinguishing characters, revealed the presence of four major entities of sect. Reynoutria in Korea; these include F. sachalinensis, F. japonica var. japonica, F. forbesii, and the Nonsan population consisting of presumed hybrids. Based on morphology, it is hypothesized that the Nonsan population was probably derived from multiple hybridization events involving the three named taxa. The results also indicate that F. forbesii is distinct from F. japonica var. japonica. Polyploidy is more prevalent in sect. Reynoutria than has been previously recognized. Fallopia sachalinensis in Korea occurs as dodecaploids with 2n = 132; our count is the first dodecaploid count for the species, and represents the highest chromosome number known in the genus. Fallopia japonica var. japonica occurs as tetraploids (2n = 44), hexaploids (2n = 66), and octoploids (2n = 88), while F. forbesii occurs as hexaploids (2n = 66) and octoploids (2n = 88); our counts appear to be the first reported chromosome numbers for F. forbesii. Morphological analysis indicates that there is no apparent correlation between the ploidy levels in these taxa and the morphological characters that we have considered in this study except that the tetraploids of F. japonica var. japonica tend to have somewhat thicker leaves.\n      </p>", "This article explores the burgeoning of Chinese investment in North Korea. By drawing on various materials including press reports and official data from both China and South Korea, the paper suggests that this rapid growth serves China's general policy goals toward North Korea, propping up the Pyongyang regime by leading it to embrace sustainable economic reforms. At the same time, Chinese investment has increasingly taken on commercial attributes.\n      </p>", "A unique set of climatic data from Korea displays significant climatic fluctuations over the last 2000 years. From these, it may be determined that a major cold phase, similar to those experienced in China and Japan, occurred between 1001 and 1400 AD, notably earlier than the `Little Ice Age' in Europe. The vegetational response to these climatic fluctuations is difficult to determine in detail at present, though some decline in thermophilous taxa is noted.\n      </p>", "Background. As information about the health risks associated with air pollution has become available, attention has focused increasingly on susceptible persons such as children and persons with preexisting respiratory diseases, such as asthma. Methods. We investigated the association between outdoor air pollution and asthma attacks among children under 15 years of age in Seoul, Korea. We estimated the relative risks of hospitalization associated with an interquartile range (IQR) increase in pollutant concentrations and used time series analysis of the counts by means of the generalized additive Poisson model. Results. The estimated relative risk of hospitalization for asthma was 1.07 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.04-1.11) for particulate matters less than or equal to 10 \u03bcm in aerodynamic diameter $({\\rm IQR}=40.4\\ \\mu {\\rm g}/{\\rm m}^{3})$ ; 1.11 (95% CI = 1.06-1.17) for sulfur dioxide (IQR = 4.4 ppb); 1.15 (95% CI = 1.10-1.20) for nitrogen dioxide (IQR = 14.6 ppb); 1.12 (95% CI = 1.07-1.16) for ozone (IQR = 21.7 ppb); and 1.16 (95% CI = 1.10-1.22) for carbon monoxide (IQR = 1.0 ppm). Conclusions. These findings support the hypothesis that air pollution at levels below the current standards of Korea is harmful to sensitive subjects such as asthmatic children.\n      </p>", "YIELD, a water-balance and crop-yield model that calculates production and water consumption variables for a variety of major crops, was applied specifically for wetland rice to China and Korea in order to estimate the region's potential and actual yields for irrigated and rainfed rice production. A network of 241 stations provided the climatic data averaged over approximately a 25-year period. Highest potential yields under full irrigation for a single rice crop occurred in Kansu-Niangsia, the Yangtze River plain, Yunnan-Szechwan-Kweichow, coastal China and Korea, and the islands of Hainan and Taiwan. The yields ranged from 6,000 to 10,000 kg/ha. Smallest yields were found for the western interior and the northeast. In areas where multiple cropping was possible, total yields exceeded 16,000 kg/ha in the south. Under rainfed conditions, only the central and southern China region retained a viable production. In order to achieve optimum crop yields, about 1,000 mm of irrigation water was needed in northcentral China, whereas similar yields could be attained with 500 mm in southern China. The calculated rice production could potentially support between 560 and 860 million people, depending on the irrigation, multiple-cropping strategies, and dietary assumptions adopted.\n      </p>", "A new species of Nipponbathynella Schminke, 1973 is described from Korea: N. pectina n. sp. Based on its novelties the generic diagnosis of the genus is amended by which particular weight is given to the structure of the male thoracopod VIII. N. pectina is the third species of the genus and has two unique traits: the carination of the back of each somite, and the comb-shaped uropod.\n      </p>", "For the Obama administration, unforeseen dynamics in East Asia over the past year have escalated the importance of the U.S.-ROK alliance to unprecedented levels for the United States. But the alliance remains vulnerable to external shocks, rendering the continuation of the current phase of unmitigated harmonious ties far from certain.\n      </p>", "Recent conceptualizations of international economic restructuring and 'global commodity chains' offer an opportunity to rethink the role of technology in the world-system and its role in generating global inequality. This article attempts to untangle the complex relationship between technological innovation/application/transfer and differential patterns of socioeconomic growth and development. After reviewing key theoretical debates about the nature of global economic 'restructuring', I discuss the recent experience of South Korea, where planners and policy makers are acutely aware of the need to develop indigenous science and technology capabilities. Drawing on secondary sources as well as interviews with government officials, academic experts and corporate engineers, I argue that even the seemingly 'hi-tech' South Korean economy is characterized by technological dependence. The ultimate success of Korean efforts to promote 'industrial upgrading', market directly to lucrative world markets, and join the ranks of the 'advanced' economies continues to hinge on the ability of the South Korean state and corporations to break the oligopolistic control of technology held by core interests, who still reap a disproportionate share of global profits/surplus.\n      </p>", "Allozyme investigation of the five Cimicifuga taxa in Korea was conducted to assess genetic and clonal diversity within populations and genetic divergence among populations and taxa. Levels of allozyme variation maintained in Korean Cimicifuga taxa were comparable to those for most herbaceous perennials. In general, samples excluding copies of the same multilocus genotype maintained higher levels of genetic diversity than the total samples within populations. Copies of homozygous genotypes at several loci resulting from clonal spread lead to decreased levels of genetic diversity within populations, indicating that clonal reproduction found in Cimicifuga affects population genetic structure. In general, more widely distributed species such as C. dahurica and C. japonica harbored higher levels of allozyme diversity than the other taxa examined. Although two varieties of C. heracleifolia are geographically and reproductively isolated, the genetic and clonal structure of var. bifida seems to resemble var. heracleifolia, indicating that the two varieties may have had a similar evolutionary history. However, the allozyme data strongly indicate that the two morphological types (Groups I and II) of C. simplex should be treated as separate species.\n      </p>", "This paper assesses the structural reform after the financial crisis in Korea by investigating its benefits and costs to the economy. It argues that Korea's rapid economic recovery in 1999-2000 was a Keynesian recovery, not a reform-led one. It also argues that, despite the fact that there has been a significant advancement in formal changes in institutions, economic costs arising from attempting a radical institutional transition have been unduly large. We attribute this disappointing performance mainly to the fact that the radical reform has created a vacuum in the risk-taking function in the economy and therefore resulted in a continued credit crunch in the corporate sector. The Korean case suggests the importance of diversity and incrementalism in designing institutional transition, rather than attempting to implement 'global standard' policies and institutions.\n      </p>", "Thus far, North Korea appears to have made a successful transition of power to the third generation of Kims, installing the 28-year-old Kim Jong Un as the country's supreme leader. However, due to the diminishing legitimacy of multiple generations of inherited leadership, Kim Jong Un must deliver what North Korea needs most, namely, economic development. Kim has promised to give it priority, but structural (political, economic, and social) constraints do not allow him much room to maneuver.\n      </p>", "The paper reviews sociology in Korea in terms of the three historical periods: (1) the incipient period, (2) the formative period, and (3) the most recent period. Through these periods, Korean sociology has made a progress in the expansion of organizational framework, manpower and publication. Such progress has also changed the basic orientation of Korean sociologists from a passive importation of Western sociology to the effort to indigenize sociology in Korea. However, they face numerous barriers to the task of indigenization. The future course of Korean sociology will depend on how they respond to this challenge.\n      </p>", "This study evaluated the effects of South Korea's Brain Korea 21 (BK 21) project, a special research funding program designed to build world-class research university. The effects were measured by examining the frequency of article publications in SCI Journals during the 1995-2005 period. The results of the analysis indicated that the growth of research publications from Korean research universities was increased significantly following the implementation of the BK 21 project in 1999. In addition, during the period under study, four research universities (Yonsei, Korea, Sungkyunkwan, and Hanyang) were newly emerged. However, the growth rate of research publications was not different from that of the US and Japan, and even less than that of China. Thus, although the BK 21 project contributed to the growth of research publications of Korean universities, the project did not lessen the gap between Korea universities and world-class research universities in the US or Japan in number of publications.\n      </p>", "Infestation with Sarcoptes scabiei was diagnosed from four wild raccoon dogs (Nyctereutes procyonoides) accidentally captured and presented to the Animal Health Center in Seoul Grand Park Zoo, Korea. Diagnosis was done by microscopic and histologic examination from skin lesions. Sarcoptes scabiei was the only species detected from the lesions and characterized by dorsoventrally flattened and round bodies, sucker-like pulvilli borne on long nonjointed pretarsi, triangular scales and spinelike setae on the dorsum, and three epimeres that are chitinous extensions of the coxae of the legs. In addition, infiltration of mast cells in the dermis was associated with infestation of the burrowing mite. This is the first report of sarcoptic mange in raccoon dogs in Korea. Because heavy infestation with S. scabiei was found in all of the captured wild raccoon dogs, further work is necessary to develop prophylactic interventions to prevent the spread of sarcoptic mange in free-living raccoon dogs in Korea.\n      </p>", "Various discourses and debates on the state - transnational capital relationship have emerged within the international political economy literature. The particular contribution offered here focuses on this relationship in three East Asian developmental states (Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan - the NIE-3) through the lens of foreign economic policy (FEP) analysis. In different ways their respective state governments have all worked closely alongside various forms of transnational capital in sustained yet evolving 'adaptive partnerships', and in accordance to largely state-determined FEP objectives. Moreover, these objectives broadly relate to the pursuit of economic security in the international system. While each of the NIE-3's own path of economic development has differed significantly, there nevertheless exist important similarities. This not just relates to being constituent to the East Asian regional economic dynamic but also their shared developmental state tradition. The relationship between the state and transnational capital is also key to understanding the NIE-3's foreign economic policy formation, although this has differed significantly across the group. In sum, this study analyses just one of many contemporary examples where both the state and transnational capital are working to congruent ends in their respective adaptations to the challenges posed by globalization.\n      </p>", "Greater than 90 per cent of HIV-infected Koreans are men, and therefore the majority of Korean HIV/AIDS studies reflect the male population. We wished to evaluate the characteristics of HIV infection in women, and to compare our results with those in other countries. To better elucidate HIV infection in Korean women, we examined the characteristics of heterosexual transmission and studied the dynamics of HIV infection in heterosexual couples. We evaluated 479 HIV-infected women who were registered with the government during 1985-2007. The median age at registration and median CD4 cell count were 37 years (N = 479), 362 cells/mm 3 (N= 276), respectively. About 68 per cent had a regular sexual partner and 26 per cent were diagnosed because they had HIV-positive male partners. Eighty-five per cent of women of concordant couples were detected because of previously diagnosed male partners (N= 115). We verified that the majority of HIV-infected women were infected by male sexual partners. These results suggest that early and active detection of HIVpositive men will facilitate earlier detection and prevention in women.\n      </p>", "Previous studies of Holocene sea-level change along the Yellow Sea coastline present conflicting reconstructions, and such investigations have invariably used peat as well as other biological markers as paleo-indicators of relative sea level. An alternative proxy indicator of sea-level change is employed in this study by applying the luminescence dating technique on quartz sands retrieved from relict foredune structures on a tectonically stable section of the west coast of Korea. The chronologies obtained are consistent with a relative sea level that was very close to or higher than present during the period ca. 6-5 ka. Such ages do not accord with a sea level that rose continuously throughout the Holocene, as is suggested by some earlier studies. The mid-Holocene highstand identified in this study indicates that sea-level change along the Yellow Sea shoreline is congruous with sea-level curves reported from other far-field sites at which crustal hydroisostatic adjustment presumably led to the transient regression of coastlines during the late Holocene.\n      </p>", "Focusing on the early stage, this paper compares the Kim Il Sung-Kim Jong Il succession with the Kim Jong Il-Kim Jong Un succession. Analyzing their differences and similarities, the study attempts to provide a better understanding of the leadership formation of Kim Jong Un, who now rules North Korea.\n      </p>", "This study provides a complement to the structural understandings of labor market polarization in South Korea by highlighting its policy-related aspects. It argues that there have been considerable policy failures by the Korean government, which have offset any possible positive effects of new redistributive and anti-poverty policy measures.\n      </p>", "A new name, Cardamine pseudowasabi H. Shin &amp; Y. D. Kim (Brassicaceae), is proposed for Wasabia koreana Nakai because the transfer of the epithet to Cardamine L. would create a later homonym.\n      </p>", "Trends of regionalism have helped Japan and Korea turn their attention toward forming an FTA. The two countries have continued to debate the FTA, having muddled through an agreement to complete negotiations by 2005. Japan-Korea FTA negotiations should take place to establish broad dialogue channels and eliminate mutual misunderstandings, rather than to simply promote economic benefits. In addition, government agreements must produce concrete solutions to deal with the national consensus, with Japan fully recognizing Korea's need of reducing its trade deficit with Japan, and its hope of increased FDI and technology inflow. Of course, at the current level of progress, it is still too early to jump to any conclusions, but given the need for bilateral cooperation, differences in opinion between Japan and Korea will be narrowed down as government negotiations continue. It is highly likely that this development will lead to a detailed policy response.\n      </p>", "This study was carried out to obtain basic data for alien plant management in South Korea. Field surveys were conducted in forests, fields, islands, industrial complexes, landfill areas, and so forth from 1995 to 2002. The number of naturalized alien plants recorded in Korea was 39 families and 281 taxa through 2002. Members of the Asteraceae and Poaceae families were the most frequently growing alien plants in Korea and comprise 23 and 17% of the total population, respectively. Most of them invaded South Korea from Europe and North America. Ministry of Environment in Korea designated six alien plants as harmful nonindigenous plants on ecosystems by the Natural Environment Conservation Act, considering their possible negative effect on the ecosystem. Those species were ragweed, giant ragweed, white snakeroot, joint grass, knotgrass, and horsenettle. On the basis of the research, we constructed a database titled An Illustrated Internet Guide to Alien Plants in Korea (http://alienplant.nier.go.kr). We expect the database to help increase public awareness and encourage citizens to participate in the management of alien plants.\n      </p>", "Growing populations in northeast Asia have greatly altered the nitrogen cycle, with increases in agricultural production to feed the population, and with increases in N emissions and transboundary air pollution. For example, during the 1900's over 50% of the N deposition over Republic of Korea was imported from abroad. In this paper, we present biogeochemical budgets of N for the South Korean peninsula (the Republic of Korea) and for the Yellow Sea region. We quantify N inputs from atmospheric deposition, fertilizers, biological fixation, and imports of food, feed, and products. We quantify outputs in riverine export, crop uptake, denitrification, volatilization, runoff, sedimentation and sea water exchange. Calculations were conducted using mean values from 1994-1997. All of the nitrogen budgets were positive, with N inputs exceeding outputs. The excess N inputs gave rise to increases in N storage in landfills and in groundwater. Annual accumulation of N in the Yellow sea, including inputs from South Korea and other drainage areas, was 1229 kt yr&lt;sup&gt;-1&lt;/sup&gt; with a residence time for N of approximately 1.5 years, thus doubling N content in marine waters every 3 years during 1994-1997. The human derived N inputs leads to excessive eutrophication and pollution of the Yellow Sea.\n      </p>", "1 Considerable variability exists in the size of ova produced by different female Bombina orientalis Boulenger in a field population in Korea. Both the mean and variance among females changed significantly between 1986 and 1987. These data, when viewed in conjunction with laboratory studies that demonstrate that the size of ova produced is very sensitive to environmental variation, strongly suggest that mean ovum size varies between breedings of individual females and is therefore a plastic feature of this population. 2 Differences in ovum size did not affect developmental time to the hatching stage, but there were large effects associated with micro-climatic temperature variation both within and between years. In 1987 the embryos in some breeding pools hatched in 2.5 days while others, in different pools, hatched in 8.0 days. 3 Ovum size significantly influenced size at the hatching stage with larger hatchlings developing from larger eggs. In general, hatching size is negatively related to temperature, but the relationship is complex; higher temperature increased the growth rate to this stage, but simultaneously truncated development time which reduces size. Hatching size is also negatively related to temperature fluctuations as a result of truncation of development time. 4 The effects of ovum size were found to have positive effects on larval size for several weeks beyond the hatching stage when larvae are most susceptible to predation.\n      </p>", "President Bush's condemnation of North Korea as part of the \"axis of evil\" caused confusion worldwide, as allies and enemies alike tried to discern his administration's constantly shifting policy toward Pyongyang. But there is method to the madness. Look closely, and a consistent strategy emerges: \"hawk engagement.\" Although Bush's team may use tactics seemingly similar to those of Clinton's, the administration wants to engage Kim Jong Il for very different reasons: to set him up for a fall.\n      </p>", "This article analyzes recent trends in Australia-Korea economic relations and considers their interface with security issues in the Asia-Pacific region. Bilateral merchandise trade has slowed in the last decade due to a decline in economic complementarity. Services trade remains limited with most flowing from Australia to Korea. Bilateral FDI is low and accounts for only a minor proportion of respective total inflows. The Korea-Australia FTA currently under negotiation is expected to reinvigorate and diversify the economic relationship. The article assesses that any security implications for Australia-Korea commercial relations are likely to come from external sources such as the strategic uncertainty surrounding the rise of China, various destabilizing issues emanating from North Korea, Japan's possible military 'normalization' and a range of transnational security issues. The bilateral partnership was strengthened in March 2009 by the launch of the FTA along with a Joint Statement on Enhanced Global and Security Cooperation. Current trends suggest that the bilateral relationship will grow closer in the twenty-first century. As open and constructive middle powers with strong relationships with both Washington and Beijing, Australia and South Korea can play a cooperative role in moderating strategic tensions in the Asia-Pacific region as China continues to increase its power and influence.\n      </p>", "Der Verfasser untersucht in dem vorliegenden Aufsatz die Industriepolitik in Taiwan und Korea w\u00e4hrend der sechziger Jahre. Er er\u00f6rtert die Gr\u00fcnde, die in diesen L\u00e4ndern f\u00fcr die Durchf\u00fchrung einer nach au\u00dfen gerichteten (outward-looking) Entwicklungspolitik sprechen, und diskutiert die Methoden bei der Durchf\u00fchrung dieser Strategie. Anschlie\u00dfend pr\u00fcft er die Auswirkungen dieser Politik auf Export und Wachstum und die Wechselwirkungen zwischen Ausfuhr und Wirtschaftswachstum. Besondere Aufmerksamkeit wird dabei der Exportleistung, dem Wachstum und der Struktur des industriellen Sektors gewidmet. Abschlie\u00dfend analysiert der Verfasser die gegenw\u00e4rtigen Probleme und die Zukunftsaussichten der beiden Volkswirtschaften und ber\u00fccksichtigt dabei die Anwendbarkeit einer nach au\u00dfen gerichteten Entwicklungsstrategie auch f\u00fcr andere Entwicklungsl\u00e4nder.\n      </p>", "Akiba, LeTendre, and Scribner (2007) identified two problems with mathematics education in the United States: (a) a shortage of qualified mathematics teachers and (b) unequal access to those teachers by students of high and low socioeconomic status. Akiba et al. called for further research on how South Korea and other countries have achieved excellence in their teacher workforces and equity in access to qualified teachers. They also called for research on what mediates the relationship between opportunity and achievement gaps. In response, the authors of this article describe pertinent South Korean educational contexts and policies. To ensure teacher quality in the United States, the authors propose establishing teaching as a professional occupation by offering competitive salaries, improving working conditions, and increasing teachers' out-of-class time for planning and professional development. As a way to close the achievement gap, they recommend that accessible supplementary learning opportunities be provided for students who lack family and community resources.\n      </p>", "A statist perspective holds that the autonomous state has enabled East Asian NICs, notably South Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, and Hong Kong, to achieve economic success. I challenge this perspective by showing that sociopolitical relations between the state and other social actors have deeply affected state actions in housing development in South Korea and Singapore. I demonstrate that the state role in housing is influenced by the nature of the political coalition the state has established with other social groups to promote economic growth. In South Korea, an exclusive developmental coalition between the state and large capitalists forced the state to minimize its role in housing provision and severely reduced state autonomy in controlling real estate speculation. In contrast, the state in Singapore has been proactive in providing public housing and controlling landownership on the basis of a balanced relation between growth and populist coalitions. This study suggests that the state role in national development needs to be understood in the context of political processes among social actors, such as political coalitions between the state and other social actors. The state can succeed in fostering social development only by establishing the proper political relations among social actors, such as the state, capital, and labor.\n      </p>", "This paper traces the history of education in South Korea in terms of various forms of control and their impact on democracy and rights. Three periods are identified: pre-colonial, colonial (Japanese occupation) and post-colonial (dependent capitalism). Democracy and rights have been highly politicised and education to promote these is still part of a struggle by various teachers' and parents' movements. A history of abuses of student rights and the oppression of teachers has begun to be challenged since 1993. Nonetheless, teachers remain reluctant to use the terminology of democracy and human rights, and some corporal punishment is still in evidence. Korean teachers have little autonomy, as the system remains centralised, competitive and bureaucratic. To establish a culture of peace and non-violence, the paper argues for a change in school ethos, a change to school regulations and education laws, a wider spread of democracy to media and community and the publication of manuals on education for democracy and human rights.\n      </p>"], "words": {"essay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chinese": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alien": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asian": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sung": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seemingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difference": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "four": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "die": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mammal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "settlers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leaders": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ceratophysella": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "displays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "further": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "air": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "brief": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "asia": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "method": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lowlands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "water": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "following": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "china": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appears": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "studied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diagnosed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "raccoon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "named": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "followed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crisis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "landscape": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "takes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "comparing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "successful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unraveled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "midst": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abundance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "der": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "values": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "growing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "making": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "far,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "validated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "influenced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "burgeoning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "end": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "democracy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "holds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "forest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "widespread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "president": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "a": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "third": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sp": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "years": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nitrogen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "japan": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "its": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "labor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "late": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marsh": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "greater": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "views": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conceptualizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "half": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inequality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financial": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "climatic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "year": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "investigation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internet": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "divergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chromosomal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transition": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "turn": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "w": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "south": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "symbolic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "households": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "trend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dogs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collapse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "that": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "continuous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focusing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obama": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enabled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "russia": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "perspective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "fowl": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "any": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "self": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "polarization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "forces": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "online": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "korean": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "vegetation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "altered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assesses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cimicifuga": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "construction": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "korea,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "salt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northeast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bush": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pursuing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achieve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morphological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "criticized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "made": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "gendered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "h": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quaternary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "silla": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zones": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nuclear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "various": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "herbal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "korea": {"number": 39, "prob": 0.00032296933033551544}, "terms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzes": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "extent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "prospects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "s": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genus": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "anti": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "west": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "three": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "genetic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "agreements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "administration,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "climate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "representative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infestation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "east": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "n": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wild": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allozyme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "larger": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "sokkuram": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discourses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "confucian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "helped": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "il": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 52, "prob": 0.0004306257737806873}, "movements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retailing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "units": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "driven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ingredients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increases": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "savings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "english": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 92, "prob": 0.0007618763689966005}, "taxa": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "obtain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ngos": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shape": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internationalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taiwan": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "continent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grounded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "had": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "associations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clonal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "five": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transnational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unique": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undescribed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retailers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "holocene": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habitat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "underwent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trends": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "economic": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "employment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gradually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sociology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highlighting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understandings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "temple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "power": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "notably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "restructuring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leadership": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "on": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "carried": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 61, "prob": 0.0005051571577042677}, "practical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greatly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "road": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pollution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "son": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "female": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intervention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stage,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "larvae": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "disaggregated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "fragmented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "forming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peninsula": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hierarchical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "russian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "october": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emissions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "autonomous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "z": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bearing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "liberal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "citizenship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "diverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "periods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "actor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "setting": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "compares": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "income": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lens": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stratigraphic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "u": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "rural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}