{"total_words": 1414, "documents": ["This paper explores the basic question of whether manufacturing-based relatedness between business units within a multibusiness firm serves as a basis for a competitive advantage at the business unit level. We developed a system for describing manufacturing relatedness that combines the study of value chain activities with 4-digit SIC codes, then we assessed presence of manufacturing synergies. We found no evidence that, on average, organizations involved in manufacturing-related businesses are reaping financial benefits from shared resources in manufacturing. However, some firms, through explicit commitment to coordination, do realize performance benefits from such involvement.\n      </p>", "Against the backdrop of an increasing importance of the purchasing function in manufacturing companies, this paper introduces the notion of a \"green multiplier effect\" and suggests that purchasing could become an important agent for change regarding environmental initiatives in the supply chain. The literature offers some support for this concept. However, a study into purchasing in Scottish manufacturing companies produces a less optimistic picture, as environmental initiatives involving the supply chain are rare. Where they occur, they are mostly undertaken in a passive fashion, with the main motivation being compliance with legislation. Above-average environmental initiatives are reported from three industries: paper making, chemicals and electronics. Explanations of the discrepancy between anticipated and actual results point to the reactive nature of purchasing and to performance measurement systems that focus on economic criteria.\n      </p>", "The use of queuing software in manufacturing has been limited but is now growing rapidly. The application of queuing analysis to manufacturing is based on queuing network theory, which began in the 1950s. For 20 years the computer-communications community made most of the advances and applications. In the 1970s, researchers found applications to a class of automated systems called flexible manufacturing systems. They demonstrated the advantages of queuing analysis over other techniques, but the use of queuing models in manufacturing remained limited. The 1980s brought new solutions for the models based on node-decomposition methods. A shift in manufacturing strategy from cost reduction to lead-time reduction boosted the applicability of queuing models: the theory allowed analysis of more general systems, and the waiting time analysis was central to lead-time reduction. Queuing software is now used by industrial analysts, managers, and educators. Close contact between researchers and industrial users has been critical to the growth in use of the software. Emphasis on such contact, along with better linkages to operational systems, will ensure continued growth of manufacturing applications of queuing software.\n      </p>", "Interorganizational information systems are prime enablers of new collaborative forms of activity among different businesses, but present research shows that they are only used infrequently to support manufacturing networks of small and medium-size manufacturing enterprises that join together to compete through joint learning, resource sharing, technology transfer, marketing, or production. Many smaller businesses lack technical expertise. Comarketing and coproduction networks have different information-system support needs from other networks such as resource and learning networks. Network brokers or sponsors can help network members to incorporate technology that facilitates information access and communication in all networks and can provide collaborative support to enable information exchange and shared databases for joint marketing and production efforts.\n      </p>", "The entry of new firms into markets plays an important role in efficient resource allocation and evolution for long term economic growth. Employing dynamic panel data techniques, this paper investigates entry behavior in 66 fourdigit Turkish manufacturing industries for the 1993-1999 period. The results of this paper suggest that potential entrants observe the market before the entry takes place; entry is, in general, a follow-up process; and incumbent firms seem to collude to prevent entry in Turkish manufacturing industries. In addition, the real interest rate appears to be a very important determinant of entry decision.\n      </p>", "This paper describes the development and analysis of a numerical taxonomy of manufacturing strategies The taxonomy was developed with standard methods of cluster analysis, and is based on the relative importance attached to eleven competitive capabilities defining the manufacturing task of 164 large American manufacturing business units. Three distinct clusters of manufacturing strategy groups were observed. Though there is an industry effect, all three manufacturing strategy types are observed in various industries. The two main dimensions along which the manufacturing strategy groups differ are the ability of the firms in them to differentiate themselves from competition with their products and services, and the scope of their product lines and markets. A general method for mapping manufacturing strategies on these dimensions is described. For each manufacturing group, the relationships between the competitive capabilities (which describe the manufacturing task), the business context (the business unit strategy), manufacturing activities (manufacturing strategy choices), and manufacturing performance measures are explored and compared.\n      </p>", "The labor quality index (LQI) not only serves as an important reference for monitoring the progress of the sustainable development of a country, but it can also serve as an important parameter for economic analysis. To compile such an index for Taiwan, we conducted two large-scale surveys of 1000 major enterprises and 844 union leaders, respectively, to determine the appropriate weights for each key factor. We also searched for all the relevant statistics that were used to calculate the weighted sum of the 25 sub-indexes, in order to compile a LQI for Taiwan's manufacturing industries covering the period from 1990-2000. Our calculations show that this LQI rose from 80.2 in 1990 to 117.5 in 2000, which reflected an impressive 37.3% increase in just one decade. This rate of growth has, however, been slowing down since 1997. Our results indicate that the LQI provides a valuable indicator for monitoring the enhancement of labor quality in this society.\n      </p>", "The effect of the liberalization of trade on the spatial concentration of economic activities is not straightforward. It has been widely argued that protectionism increases spatial concentration as firms locate close to the main domestic markets. However, it has also been argued that an expansion of international trade primarily favors existing industrial centers and therefore leads to increased regional inequalities. Against the background of ongoing debates in both mainstream economics and in geography, we examine the spatial concentration of manufacturing in Indonesia between 1980 and 1996, a period when Indonesia substantially liberalized its trade regime. The high concentration did not decrease during this period, and establishments that engaged in international trade were actually comparably concentrated. We discuss some possible explanations for the spatial concentration in Indonesia and conclude that a host of factors may affect the outcome of trade liberalizations. In particular, the spatial configuration of the national settlement system is a potentially important factor in this regard.\n      </p>", "In this exploratory, empirical study of modernizing durable goods plants, it was found that typical measures of flexibility (e.g., number of unique parts and part families) are independent. More importantly, plants and firms with greater strategic manufacturing focus, regardless of specific emphasis (e.g., cost or quality), scheduled fewer part numbers on new flexible automation systems. This suggests that product focus and strategic focus are related in plants producing discrete parts. When flexibility is emphasized as a strategic manufacturing focus, new automation systems are significantly more likely to have shorter change-over times per part family. In general, part family-changeover time ratios appear to have the greatest potential of measures evaluated for building a useful theory of flexibility in discrete parts manufacturing. An evaluation of changes made in part types and part families during the implementation period showed that product flexibility is pursued as a way to reduce high labor costs in manufacturing. These plants accomplished this end by increasing the number of parts scheduled on new systems. Implications for strategic management of flexibility and scope are presented.\n      </p>", "Manufacturing information systems are among the most complex to design, implement, and maintain. Few systems are completely successful. This paper provides the framework of one of the most popular manufacturing information systems, a manufacturing resource planning system, discusses the potential benefits of a successful system, and describes the problems associated with operating the system. Problems are classified as being management, technical, and behavioral. Recommendations are provided for each type of problem based on an extensive review of the literature. A discussion is provided of current trends in the manufacturing information system field.\n      </p>", "Even when manufacturing and marketing departments operate at their respective best operating level, it may be suboptimal for the firm as a whole. Their functions can be integrated using quality as the interface. A conceptual model for an integrated approach employing a feedback loop is proposed. The model is analyzed using state-of-the-art scanner data and intrinsic managerial guidelines for global applications are developed.\n      </p>", "Jordan is an emerging developing country. Large manufacturing industries in Jordan are bombarded by multi-dimensional risks from all directions. The main objectives of this paper were to identify and classify the different risks into types and categories, also analyze their probabilities and impacts for clear and better understanding of these risks. A risk identification breakdown structure was constructed. Risk levels, as well as their main components; probability of occurrence and impact, were gathered by means of questionnaires and statistically analyzed, and risks were ranked according to their levels. The most critical risks were found to be the political and financial risks that are external to the company.\n      </p>", "SLIM is a set of methodologies and scheduling applications for managing cycle time in semiconductor manufacturing. SLIM includes methodology for calculating target cycle times and target WIP levels for individual manufacturing steps, heuristic algorithms for factory floor scheduling, and optimization-based capacity analysis. Between 1996 and 1999, Samsung Electronics Corp., Ltd., implemented SLIM in all its semiconductor manufacturing facilities. It reduced manufacturing cycle times to fabricate dynamic random access memory devices from more than 80 days to less than 30. Considering the decline of selling prices for dynamic random access memory devices, SLIM enabled Samsung to capture an additional $1 billion in sales revenue compared to the revenue it would have realized had cycle times not been reduced.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we investigate the structural consequences of the post-1980 outward-orientation on the market concentration and accumulation patterns in the Turkish manufacturing industries. Using various panel data procedures over twenty-nine subsectors of Turkish manufacturing for the 1980\u20131996 period, we focus on three sets of issues: (1) the effect of openness on the extent of market concentration as measured in CR4 ratios; (2) the behavior of gross profit margins (markups) in relation to openness, concentration ratios, and real wage costs; and (3) the behavior of sectoral real investments (by destination) in relation to the profit margins, real wage costs, and the openness indicator. Our results suggest very little structural change in the sectoral composition and nature of market concentration and behavior of profit margins under the post-1980 structural adjustment reforms and outward-orientation. We find that, contrary to expectations, \"openness\" had very little impact, if any, on profit margins (markups), and, within manufacturing, the trade-adjusting sectors reveal a positive relationship between the profit margins and openness. Profit margins are found to be positively and significantly related to concentration power and real wage cost increases. Real investments in the sector display a positive relationship with profit margins and real wages yet bear a statistically insignificant relationship vis-\u00e0-vis openness.\n      </p>", "This paper proposes a relationship between manufacturing strategy and organizational culture, based on an examination of the research literature. Survey data were collected from 822 respondents in 41 plants in the transportation, electronics, and machinery industries in the U.S. These plants included random samples of U.S.-owned and Japanese-owned manufacturers in the U.S., and manufacturers reputed to use advanced manufacturing practices. Analysis indicates that manufacturing strategy and organizational culture are related, and that a manufacturer with a well-aligned and implemented manufacturing strategy exhibits a collectivist or group-oriented organizational culture with coordinated decision making, decentralized authority, and a loyal work force.\n      </p>", "Recoverable manufacturing systems minimize the environmental impact of industry by reusing materials, reducing energy use, and reducing the need to landfill industrial products. These systems are widespread in the United States and are profitable, in addition to contributing to sustainable development. However, the management of supply-chain activities can differ greatly from management activities in traditional manufacturing supply chains. Seven complicating characteristics increase uncertainty. Managers must take actions to reduce uncertainty in the timing and quantity of returns, balance return rates with demand rates, and make material recovery more predictable. Managers must also plan for the collection of products from end-users. The use of information systems with new production-planning and control techniques makes management of these activities more predictable.\n      </p>", "Although employment in the manufacturing sector has declined over the past few decades, it continues to play an important role in many regions of the U.S. Most studies have not examined the spatial effects of manufacturing employment on regional job quality. In this paper, we consider the spatial dependence and spatial variation of this relationship in the Midwest. This analysis suggests that it is important to take into consideration spatial effects when examining the implications of economic restructuring for regions. Labor market areas are not distinct spatial units and can be influenced significantly by nearby local labor markets. Once that spatial dependence is considered, manufacturing has a negative and significant effect on underemployment by low earnings, but its effect is not significant in labor hardship associated with work time and steadiness. At the same time, our analysis demonstrates that the effects of manufacturing employment vary across local labor markets. More specifically, these findings suggest that in those areas in the Midwest that have historically had higher concentrations of manufacturing jobs, the benefits of working in this sector are smaller. In regions that have not had a large manufacturing sector and have experienced some gains in recent years, the benefits of working in the manufacturing sector are larger.\n      </p>", "This paper focuses on a production-scheduling problem in a printed circuit board (PCB) manufacturing system that produces multiple product types with different due dates and different manufacturing processes. In the PCB manufacturing system, there is a number of serial workstations, and there are multiple parallel machines at each workstation. Also, setup operations are required at certain workstations or machines, and some product types have reentrant flows. We develop new dispatching rules for scheduling at each workstation, considering the special features of PCB manufacturing. With the dispatching rules, we determine not only the start time of each lot at a machine but also the batch size of each product at each machine. Simulation experiments are carried out to test the performance of the production-scheduling method and dispatching rules devised in this study. Results show that the production-scheduling method suggested in this study performs better than methods with well-known dispatching rules and heuristic algorithms for lot sizing in terms of the total tardiness of orders.\n      </p>", "This paper describes the results of a recent field study of computer integrated manufacturing (CIM) adoption strategies in U.S. manufacturing firms. The purpose of the study was to identify the extent to which CIM technologies are in use in U.S. firms, the impact of a facility's process characteristics on the CIM development process, and the adoption policy being followed implicitly or explicitly. The survey focused on manufacturing process characteristics, the CIM development process, the CIM architecture, and perceived value and benefits. Our results indicate that CIM implementations follow a definite temporal pattern with respect to the adoption of certain information technologies. We also find evidence of labor substitution through CIM, although the direct labor jobs that are lost are partially replaced by engineering and design tasks. While most CIM users find that their CIM projects successfully meet their initial operational goals, the technology seems to be poorly integrated in most sites. More crucially, it appears that CIM does not live up to its promise: it is not being adopted as a strategic information system for competitive missions. The initiative for CIM programs is usually generated from the bottom-up by small groups of technical experts who tend to focus on localized data-processing concerns. This gradual bottom-up approach appears to severely restrain, rather than enable, plant-wide integration for critical crossfunctional business processes such as order fulfillment or the introduction of new products. The decentralized, bottom-up, development pattern of these information systems reinforces the existence of many incompatible divisional islands of automation, thereby negatively affecting the competitive capability of the firm.\n      </p>", "To help meet competitive realities operations managers need to know more about the strategic aspects of manufacturing flexibility. This paper takes steps toward meeting that need by critically reviewing the literature and establishing a research agenda for the area. A conceptual model, which places flexibility within a broad context, helps to identify certain assumptions of theoretical studies which need to be challenged. The model also provides a basis for identifying specific flexibility dimensions. The manner in which these dimensions may limit the effectiveness of a manufacturing process, and the problems in operationalizing them are discussed. Focusing next on the neglected area of applied work, concepts are presented for analyzing whether desired amounts of flexibility are being achieved and whether the potential for flexibility built into a manufacturing process is being tapped. Once more, a procedure is outlined for altering a plant's types and amounts of flexibility over time. The research agenda, which grows out of the appraisal of theoretical and applied work, indicates the value in studying generic flexibility strategies, the flexibility dimensions, methods of delivery, ways of evaluating and changing a process's flexibility, and above all measurement problems. The conclusions indicate principles for strategic research, some of which have relevance for the development of mathematical models.\n      </p>", "Evolving manufacturing management strategies pose changing business ethical challenges to the companies and society. The evolution is not one that continuously improves the business ethical performance, some aspects improve it and some other are detrimental. This paper explores the business ethical implications of the evolution of manufacturing management strating at the pre-industrial workshops until the introduction of agile manufacturing based on business ethical criteria drawn from business ethics (applied moral theory) and environmental law.\n      </p>", "A survey of 253 manufacturing facilities using flexible manufacturing system (FMS) technology compares four geographic regions: Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Japan, and the United States. A rapid exponential growth rate for FMS technology was found in all regions except Eastern Europe. This aggregate view suggests that factory-of-the-future concepts will become widespread soon. This will pose a challenge to MS scholars and practitioners who must develop and implement techniques to deal with this rapidly emerging technology.\n      </p>", "In their July-August 1998 article, Hill, Menda, and Dilts described Rumack Pharmaceutical Company (disguised name) as an example of misalignment between marketing and manufacturing. The problem was that marketing had stretched the product line beyond manufacturing's capacity limits. The authors stated that operations managers took an action that \"would seem unwise or contrary to accepted practice in many of today's manufacturing organizations. Rumack decided to increase production lot sizes by an average of 100 percent\" [p. 61]. The authors were respectful (appropriately, in view of Rumack's open door to their research) of the deliberations that resulted in this decision. Many readers, though, will probably wonder, as I do, about the correctness of the decision, considering the widely held impression that lot sizes should fall, not rise.\n      </p>", "As companies choose among process alternatives, they need a clear understanding of the changing alignment between manufacturing and the needs of their markets. Assessing how well existing processes fit these market requirements and making choices to meet future needs are critical strategic responsibilities for manufacturing. Product profiling can be used to examine the degree of alignment between the needs of a company's markets and the characteristics of its existing manufacturing process and infrastructure investments. We compare product profiling with another tool, the product-process matrix, and examine the applicability of both in a typical mismatch situation. In-depth analysis in one firm indicates that product profiling is a valuable tool to uncover the origins of misalignments that occur over time and to illustrate the phenomenon to executives.\n      </p>", "The increasing importance of advanced manufacturing technology, total quality management, and just-in-time to manufacturing firms raises some basic questions as to the strategic use of these techniques in manufacturing. Does strategic use of these techniques influence performance? How is the impact of these techniques influenced by the competitive environment? Are the techniques actually being used strategically? A study in a large sample of manufacturing organizations confirms that the use of integrated manufacturing techniques-particularly total quality-influences performance, and that these effects are magnified or diminished by both the competitive environment and manufacturing strategy. It also shows that, in some cases, firms are missing opportunities to combine integrated manufacturing and strategy in ways that would substantially impact their performance.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a model and an analysis of the cost-flexibility tradeoffs involved in investing in product-flexible manufacturing capacity. Flexible capacity provides a firm with the ability to respond to a wide variety of future demand outcomes, but at the expense of the increased cost of acquiring flexible manufacturing capacity, as compared with dedicated or nonflexible capacity. We formulate the product-flexible manufacturing capacity investment decision as a two-stage stochastic program. In the first stage, the firm must make its investment decision in manufacturing capacity, before the resolution of uncertainty in product demand. In the second stage, after demand for products are known, the firm implements its production decisions, constrained by the first-stage investments. The main contributions of this paper are threefold. First, we develop a model of the firm's flexible manufacturing investment decision that conceptually captures some of the key characteristics of this complex decision problem. Second, with the aid of the model, we characterize the necessary and sufficient conditions for a firm to invest in flexible capacity to protect efficiently against uncertainty in demand for all of its products. Third, we explore the sensitivity of the firm's optimal capacity investment decision to key problem components, namely to the cost of flexible and nonflexible production capacity, to the underlying distribution of product demand, and to the level of risk.\n      </p>", "We consider a manufacturing system that is controlled by a fixed-cycle smoothed production policy. This policy, which is becoming increasingly common in repetitive manufacturing environments, is characterized by a production rate that is updated on a periodic basis. We model the system as a stochastic process that includes parameters for vendor responsiveness, plant responsiveness, randomness in production yield rates, nonstationarity and randomness in market demand, demand forecast error, operating cost rates, and safety stock. Properties of the model expose structural relationships between expected system performance and system parameters.\n      </p>", "We consider Just-in-Time (JIT) to be an overall organizational phenomenon. Accordingly, we developed and tested a model that includes both JIT practices and the infrastructure practices hypothesized to provide an environment in which JIT practices perform more effectively. Canonical correlation analysis was used to test five hypotheses. The results indicated that: (1) there was not a significant relationship between the use of JIT practices, alone, and manufacturing performance; (2) there was a very strong relationship between JIT practices and infra-structure practices; (3) the combination of JIT management and infrastructure practice was related to manufacturing performance; (4) infrastructure, by itself, is sufficient to explain manufacturing performance; and (5) manufacturing performance was related to competitive advantage. These findings provide support for the notion that JIT is an overall organizational phenomenon, rather than limited to strictly shop floor practices, and that at least part of its effect on manufacturing performance may be through providing a set of improvement targets and discipline for the entire organization. In addition, the analysis highlights the areas of infrastructure practice most relevant for future research.\n      </p>", "This paper explores export dynamics, using an unbalanced plant-level panel data set of Irish manufacturing plants between 1985 and 2003. The analysis focuses closely on two periods: one of exceptional export growth and one of significant export decline. We find strong evidence of exporter heterogeneity, as measured by individual exporter behaviour running contrary to aggregate trend, in both boom and slump years. The degree of heterogeneity differs markedly by sub-sector and firm size. Despite high levels of entry/exit into and out of export markets in the boom/slump, the export dynamics are dominated by the export activities of continuing exporters.\n      </p>", "Managing the natural environment is becoming increasingly important to manufacturing firms; yet managers are also being asked to simultaneously make changes to improve their firms' competitiveness. Just-in-time (JIT) manufacturing has long emphasized reducing waste. Similarly, pollution prevention stresses reducing pollutants before they are created. During field work in five furniture manufacturing firms and a subsequent survey in 1994, I observed links between investment in JIT and improved environmental performance. More surprising, I also found that an emphasis on pollution prevention, instead of pollution control, improved delivery performance. Thus, production and environmental managers should pursue JIT and pollution prevention as complementary initiatives that can improve performance along multiple dimensions.\n      </p>", "We consider a model of a multiclass make-to-stock manufacturing system. External demand for each product class is met from the available finished goods inventory; unsatisfied demand is backlogged. The objective is to devise a production policy that minimizes inventory costs subjects to guaranteeing stockout probabilities to stay bounded above by given constants \u03b5 j, for each product class j (service level guarantees). Such a policy determines whether the facility should be producing (idling decisions), and if it should, which product class (sequencing decisions). Approximating the original system, we analyze a corresponding fluid model to make sequencing decisions and employ large deviations techniques to make idling ones. We consider both linear and quadratic inventory cost structures to obtain a priority-based and a generalized longest queue first-based production policy, respectively. An important feature of our model is that it accommodates autocorrelated demand and service processes, both critical features of modern failure-prone manufacturing systems.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the relationship between one form of manufacturing flexibility-process range-and structure, infrastructure, and managerial policy at the plant level. The paper provides evidence of the strength of the links between manufacturing flexibility and such factors as scale, technology vintage, computer integration, and workforce management. Data from 54 plants in the fine-paper industry are presented, and a model of the determinants of short-term flexibility is developed. The plants examined differed by a factor of 20 in their ability to accommodate large process variation. The evidence suggests that flexibility is strongly negatively related to scale and degree of computer integration, yet positively related to newer vintages of mechanical technology and workforce experience. Some results differ significantly from the prevailing view of the industry, in particular, that newer plants are less flexible. The paper shows that newer machine technology is more flexible once other factors are controlled for. In the longer term, the results show that management has a significant impact on the improvement of flexibility in operations, regardless of the technology and infrastructure in place. Plant network managers' views of flexibility are important. The data suggest that inflexible plants may be inflexible partly as a result of their being considered inflexible by network managers, and never being assigned the product range needed to improve the capability.\n      </p>", "This paper examines manufacturing strategy from the perspective of the resource-based view of the firm. It explores the role of resources and capabilities in manufacturing plants that cannot be easily duplicated, and for which ready substitutes are not available. Such resources and capabilities are formed by employees' internal learning based on cross-training and suggestion systems, external learning from customers and suppliers, and proprietary processes and equipment developed by the firm. Based on data from 164 manufacturing plants, the paper empirically demonstrates that competitive advantage in manufacturing (as measured by superior plant performance) results from proprietary processes and equipment which, in turn, is driven by external and internal learning. The implication is that resources such as standard equipment and employees with generic skills obtainable in factor markets are not as effective in achieving high levels of plant performance, since they are freely available to competitors. The paper also demonstrates the important role of internal and external learning in developing resources that are imperfectly imitable and difficult to duplicate.\n      </p>", "Research in manufacturing technology and its implementation is still largely in the developmental stage with the major contributions coming from surveys and case studies. Most of the case studies are cross-sectional and identify the major issues that a majority of manufacturers experience. The case situations described here constitute a vertical section instead, reporting on the managerial lessons learned from operating three flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) at different stages in their life cycles.\n      </p>", "The term \"ubiquitous\" must be explicitly defined to be functional in an empirical context; its abstract meaning is useful only in a pedagogical sense. The types of manufacturing which are both market oriented and have a frequency of occurrence greater than a specific limit which can be empirically defined are ubiquitous. This ad hoc definition satisfies the meaning of the term found in Webster, common usage by geographers, and the location theory of Alfred Weber. The concept of ubiquitous manufacturing suggests a nontraditional classification of industry and the inclusion of market-oriented manufactures in central place research. Fourteen ubiquitous manufactures are defined whose distribution is controlled by four major location factors.\n      </p>", "The purpose of the present paper is to review cohort studies that examined the occurrence of prostate cancer in pesticide manufacturing workers in order to undertake a qualitative and quantitative evaluation of the risk as well as to assess the level of epidemiological evidence for each class of chemical compounds. Methods Following a systematic literature search, relative risk (RR) estimates for prostate cancer were extracted from 18 studies published between 1984 and 2004. All studies were summarised and evaluated for homogeneity and publication bias. As no significant heterogeneity was detected, combined RR estimators were calculated using a fixed effect model. Meta-analyses were performed both on the whole set of data and for each chemical class separately. Results The meta-rate ratio estimate for all studies was 1.28 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05-1.58]. After stratification by specific chemical class, consistent increases in the risk of prostate cancer were found in all groups but statistical significance was found only for accidental or non-accidental exposure to phenoxy herbicides contaminated with dioxins and furans. There was no obvious indication to publication bias. Conclusion The overall meta-analysis provides additional quantitative evidence consistent with prior reviews focusing on other groups exposed to pesticides (farmers, pesticide applicators). The results again point to occupational exposure to pesticides as a possible risk factor for prostate cancer but the question of causality remains unanswered. Epidemiological evidence did not allow identifying a specific pesticide or chemical class that would be responsible for the increased risk but the strongest evidence comes from workers exposed to phenoxy herbicides possibly in relation with dioxin and/or furan contamination.\n      </p>", "This paper is motivated by a view that there is practical value in being able to measure aspects of complexity in industrial, particularly manufacturing, systems. We address, at a decreasing level of generality, the following questions. (i) What is required from a measure that might reflect some aspects of complexity in a large dynamical system? (ii) What is the appropriate measure? (iii) How do the main characteristics of this measure show themselves in the systems of interest? (iv) Does the proposed measurement process lead to useful theoretical and practical insights? In answer to questions (i) and (ii), we suggest that in general one measures the rate of variety of behaviour the system can exhibit, and propose the Kolmogorov-Sinai (KS) entropy of the corresponding random process as a convenient measure. We then consider input-output processes as models for manufacturing systems and discuss some simple mathematical observations on how the KS entropy can be assessed in terms of random queues and a state of the server. Next, we take into account some basic features of a manufacturing process and propose formulae for its operational and structural complexity, thus answering (iii). Finally, to answer (iv), a case study is given demonstrating how the proposed measure can be used in a manufacturing plant, and we discuss practical insights for the company involved.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we use a 0-1 linear programming model for the machine assignment problem in cellular manufacturing. The formulated machine assignment problem considers many manufacturing factors such as machine utilization cost, cost of intercellular moves, part demand, and operating time capacity. The problem is shown to be NP-complete. Two designing algorithms are proposed to exploit the problem structure of the knapsack problem. Computational experience of the two algorithms is also reported.\n      </p>", "Reduction of unproductive work-in-process (WIP) inventory has been a subject of global concern lately. Detailed examination often reveals that such unproductive WIP is the result of a low manufacturing system reliability (MSR). The impact of poor MSR is felt all the more in industries where material cost constitutes a significant portion of the total manufacturing cost. Guided by these considerations, in this paper a case study is reported wherein an analysis has been made to assess MSR in a multinational switchgear industry located in Western India. The paper provides a few practical guidelines towards maintaining a certain level of MSR by suitably adjusting factors like utilization level of machines, utilization level of tools, tool down-time, mean production rate per tool, etc. Detailed sensitivity analysis on the simulation results has also been presented, which is believed to help substantially in decisions related to the finer adjustments of these factors.\n      </p>", "We conceptualize strategic decision-making processes within a manufacturing firm as streams of resources allocated to short-and long-term changes. The analogous ecological model, referred to as the Lotka-Volterra model, captures this dynamic tension between decisions made by the firm and its manufacturing operations. This representation leads to evolutionarily stable manufacturing strategies (ESMSs), which contribute to a firm's competitive advantage in different ways. Using a random sample of 30 firms from the U.S. semiconductor industry, we estimate parameters of the model and arrive at four ESMSs or strategic manufacturing groups that reflect theoretically and empirically distinctive adaptation patterns through their dynamic resource allocations. We observe that a majority of the firms were classified in one of the four groups, with relatively fewer firms in the other three. Notably, our classification based on ecology models agrees well with taxonomies in manufacturing and business strategy theory. Furthermore, our analysis shows significant differences among manufacturing practices and ' competitive capabilities of the four strategic groups. Managerially, these insights could provide the foundation to implement strategic changes that enable firms to leapfrog from one ESMS to another. This study also paves the way for development of a meso theory of the dynamics of manufacturing strategy.\n      </p>", "We consider the problem of determining lot sizes of multiple items that are manufactured by a single capacitated facility. The manufacturing facility may represent a bottleneck processing activity on the shop floor or a storeroom that provides components to the shop floor. Items flow from the facility to a downstream facility, where they are assembled according to a specified mix. Just-in-time (JIT) manufacturing requires a balanced flow of items, in the proper mix, between successive facilities. Our model determines lot sizes of the various items based on available capacity and four attributes of each item: demand rate, holding cost, set-up time and processing time. Holding costs for each item accrue until the appropriate mix of items is available for shipment downstream. We develop a lot-sizing heuristic that minimizes total holding cost per time unit over all items, subject to capacity availability and the required mix of items.\n      </p>", "We consider a flexible manufacturing facility that can be operated in any of m different modes. While running in mode k certain intermediate products are consumed and other intermediate or finished products are created. There may be variability in the manufacturing process, as well as random arrivals of raw materials and orders for finished products. We establish conditions that ensure demands can be satisfied while maintaining bounded levels of inventories. These results that may be viewed as generalizing to the flexible manufacturing context the notion of stability for a queueing system.\n      </p>", "This paper proposes a classification scheme for discrete manufacturing systems. It also includes a brief discussion of modeling, analysis, and optimization techniques that have been applied to manufacturing. This taxonomy is intended to be a first step in fitting existing environments to models. This will indicate directions for future manufacturing modeling and analysis.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this paper is to propose a new, empirically derived typology of plants in the international manufacturing network of multinational companies. This typology is based on the knowledge flows between the plants. In our research, network analysis has been used as a methodology for understanding the position of plants in international manufacturing networks. The focus has been primarily on the intangible knowledge network, and secondarily on the physical, logistic network. Our analysis leads to four types of plants with different network roles: the isolated plants, the receivers, the hosting network players, and the active network players. Our analysis shows that the different types of plants play a different strategic role in the company, have a different focus, and differ in age, autonomy, and level of resources and investments. Also, the analysis suggests that the evolution of the plant depends to some extent on the network role of the plant. Finally, two scenarios for the development of a strong network role are identified. The research is useful for the scholar studying the architecture of knowledge networks, as well as for the practitioner who is in charge of an international network of manufacturing units.\n      </p>", "Risk is an inadvertent part of all projects. Nevertheless, organisations around the world are managing the risk to which they are exposed, and thereby increasing their competitive edge within the market place. However, the majority of the transportation manufacturing sector has yet to realise the benefits attached to implementing risk management as part of their operations. This paper offers a Risk Management Methodology, specifically designed and applied within this sector of the manufacturing industry. It gives management of these manufacturing organisations a flexible, dynamic and simple-to-use framework from which the risks to their industry can be effectively managed and reduced. The benefits of applying this framework within the automotive sector have resulted in a decrease in the development time of products and processes.\n      </p>", "Material prices have risen in food manufacturing, resulting in material productivity growth. This study estimates material productivity indexes for New Jersey's food-manufacturing sector. A 21% material productivity growth is indicated for the 1964-84 period. The mechanism of material productivity growth is also investigated. Results suggest that greater material efficiency is encouraged by rising material prices, wage rates, and regulation, and by declining food prices. Short-run impacts on material productivity are caused by input substitution; beyond-the-short-run impacts are caused by material-saving technological change. In some food-manufacturing subsectors, higher material prices may bring lower revenues to material suppliers.\n      </p>", "Organizations vary greatly in their approaches and success in the introduction of new products and services. In this study, it was proposed that much of this variance can be captured by understanding the extent to which product design and process design are integrated in new program launches. A mailed survey of 43 domestic firms was used to test four propositions concerning product-process development practices. Significantly, it was found that firms using the more rare design-manufacturing personnel integrating mechanisms (engineering job rotation and mobility) have higher sales per employee. Results of a discriminant analysis show that firms benchmarking on product development practices, as contrasted with performance bench-marks, were significantly more likely to use both the rare and the more common forms of design-manufacturing integration (i.e., train personnel in new design, methods, have manufacturing sign-off on design reviews, and restructure, e.g., use teams). Significantly, these firms also report a greater proportion of degreed manufacturing engineers. Not surprisingly, larger firms and business units were found to take longer to develop new products.\n      </p>", "Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs) are usually composed of general purpose machines with automatic tool changing capability and integrated material handling. The complexity of FMSs requires sophisticated control. In this paper we present a four-level control hierarchy and outline computationally feasible control algorithms for each level. The top level is concerned with the choice of part types and volumes to be assigned to the FMS over the next several months. The second level plans daily or shift production. Production levels are set and tools are allocated to machines so as to minimize holding and shortage costs. Various FMS environments are presented. The third level determines process routes for each part type in order to minimize material handling. Additional tools are loaded on machines when possible to maximize alternate routeing. Routes are then assigned to parts to minimize workload assignment, and these are used by level four for actual routeing, sequencing and material handling path control. The level three model is formulated as a linear program, and heuristics are used for level four. An example is provided to illustrate the completeness of the decision hierarchy and the relationships between levels.\n      </p>", "Firms have been investing over $5 billion a year in recent years on new information technology and software in their manufacturing plants. In this study, we develop a conceptual model based on the theory of dynamic capabilities to study how manufacturing plants realize improvements in plant performance by leveraging plant information systems to enable implementation of advanced manufacturing capabilities. We develop hypotheses about relationships between information systems, their impact on manufacturing practices, and the overall impact on plant performance. Analysis of survey data from 1,077 U.S. manufacturing plants provides empirical support for the dynamic capabilities model and suggests that manufacturing capabilities mediate the impact of information systems on plant performance. Our results underscore the importance of manufacturing and organizational capabilities in studying the impact of IT on manufacturing plant productivity, and provide a sharper theoretical lens to evaluate their impact.\n      </p>", "We study a manufacturing process that is quite common in semiconductor wafer fabrication. In generic terms, the job to be processed consists of J units. To process the job, a \"setup\" is required, followed by routine processing and testing. In principle, the entirety of the job can be set up and processed in a single batch. However, the setup is prone to failure, leading to loss of units. Hence, in practice trial runs are often conducted, with each trial involving a small batch of units. Here we identify an optimal control of such processes. The policy prescribes a maximum of k&lt;latex&gt;$^* (\u2264J) single-unit trial runs. To establish optimality, we use the recently developed notion of stochastic convexity/concavity and related machinery.\n      </p>", "This pilot study, conducted in a manufacturing plant, investigated employee perceptions of the behaviors of supervisors and co-workers that constitute quid pro quo and hostile work environment sexual harassment. Responses indicated that the majority of employees can accurately identify behaviors that are frequently associated with quid pro quo harassment, but cannot identify behaviors that are used to establish evidence of a hostile work environment. Comparisons of employees' scores demonstrated that male workers, relative to female workers, were more frequently accurate in identifying behaviors of both supervisors and co-workers that constitute sexual harassment. Perceptions of harassment varied according to job classification. Women in white-collar jobs were significantly more knowledgeable about what behaviors constitute sexual harassment than women in blue-collar jobs.\n      </p>", "What is the role of information technology (IT) in enabling the outsourcing of manufacturing plant production processes? Do plant strategies influence production outsourcing? Does production process outsourcing influence plant performance? This research addresses these questions by investigating the role of IT and plant strategies as antecedents of production outsourcing, and evaluating the impact of production outsourcing and IT investments on plant cost and quality. We develop a theoretical framework for the antecedents and performance outcomes of production outsourcing at the plant level. We validate this theoretical framework using cross-sectional survey data from U. S. manufacturing plants. Our analysis suggests that plants with greater IT investments are more likely to outsource their production processes, and that IT investments and production outsourcing are associated with lower plant cost of goods sold and higher product quality improvement. Our research provides an integrated model for studying the effects of IT and production outsourcing on plant performance.\n      </p>", "This exploratory study investigated the relationship among use of various co-ordinating mechanisms, degree of consensus between marketing and manufacturing groups, and marketplace performance reputation. Consensus between marketing and manufacturing groups on key competitive strengths, company goals, and implementation actions was measured in 15 firms in the carpet industry. Those firms which made more frequent use of planning techniques (formal forecasting procedures, management-by-objectives linked to performance appraisal, and a written strategic plan) experienced higher levels of interdepartmental consensus. Consensus between departments was strongly related to marketplace performance reputation.\n      </p>", "This paper addresses a problem of simultaneous quality and quantity control motivated by semiconductor manufacturing. After wafers are fabricated, the individual chips on the wafers are probed, or electrically tested, and, in some cases, the probing facility is the bottleneck for the entire IC manufacturing process. Under this assumption, we consider the problem of choosing the optimal start rate of lots of wafers into the fabrication facility and the optimal chip screening policy in front of the probing facility to maximize the expected profit, which is the revenue from good chips minus the variable fabrication and probing costs. These decisions are subject to capacity constraints at both the wafer fabrication and probing facilities. Over 300 wafers from two industrial facilities are analyzed in this paper, and a Markov random field model is employed to capture the spatial clustering of bad chips. Chip screening strategies are proposed that exploit the various types of yield nonuniformities that are detected in the data, such as radial effects, spatial clustering of bad chips, and yield variation by chip location. The numerical results suggest that screening at the chip level can be highly profitable in a semiconductor manufacturing process constrained by its probe capacity.\n      </p>", "Chief executives must allocate their scarce time for scanning efforts among relevant domains of their firms' external environment and their firms' internal circumstances. We argue that high-performing CEOs vary their relative scanning emphases on different domains according to the level of dynamism they perceive in their external environments. The concepts of dominant logic and sector importance were used to develop predictions about which external domains and which internal domains should receive relatively more or less scanning emphasis in external environments that, overall, are more dynamic or more stable. A field survey of 105 single-business manufacturing firms evaluated CEOs' scanning emphases and firm performance. Results indicated that, for dynamic external environments, relatively more CEO attention to the task sectors of the external environment and to innovation-related internal functions was associated with high performance. In stable external environments, however, simultaneously increased scanning of the general sectors in the external environment and efficiency-related internal functions produced higher performance. These relationships were strongest between relative scanning emphases among domains and sales growth. We discuss the implications of these results for researchers and practitioners.\n      </p>", "This study describes the U.S. government's role in the development of manufacturing technologies and in the transfer of manufacturing innovations to private industry. The goals, organization, technologies, methods of technology transfer, user groups, and methods of program assessment for 13 government programs in this area are described and their implications for national manufacturing innovation and productivity are discussed.\n      </p>", "This paper contains numerous extensions and refinements to event graphs which were recently introduced by Schruben for simulation modelling. These new results are integrated with Schruben's work to present a complete description of event graphs and their analysis. A (simple) flexible manufacturing system is modelled via event graphs to illustrate event graph modelling and analysis.\n      </p>", "This research investigates two maintenance float models in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). We use classical queueing theory to study the characteristics of the fractional utilization of the system. A mathematical program is constructed to determine the optimal number of floats of an important module used in the FMS and the optimal capacity of the repair station.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we address the design of unidirectional loop network layouts for automated manufacturing environments. We show that the problem is NP-complete. Using a workstation interchange argument, we develop dominance relationships for easy identification of local optimal solutions. Our results suggest the need for simple heuristics to solve the problem. We identify cases in which the heuristics perform optimally, and we analyze the worst case behavior of the heuristics. We develop an optimal branch-and-bound procedure that is computationally efficient for medium-sized problems. We also present a decomposition principle helpful for dealing with large workflow matrices. We report computational results on the heuristics and the branch-and-bound procedure. We show that one of the heuristics performs impressively well in terms of solution quality and computational time requirements.\n      </p>", "Stereotypically, marketing is mainly concerned about satisfying customers and manufacturing is mainly interested in factory efficiency. Using the principal-agent (agency) paradigm, which assumes that the marketing and manufacturing managers of the firm will act in their self-interest, we seek incentive plans that will induce those managers to act so that the owner of the firm can attain as much as possible of the residual returns. One optimal incentive plan can be interpreted as follows: The owner subcontracts to pay the manufacturing manager a fixed rate for all capacity he delivers. Each marketing manager receives all of the returns from his product. In turn, all managers pay a fixed fee to the owner. Under this plan, the marketing managers will often complain about the stock level decisions, even though these levels are announced in advance. Under a revised plan, the owner can eliminate such complaints by delegating the stocking decisions to the respective marketing managers, without any loss. This plan is interpreted as requiring the owner to make a futures market for manufacturing capacity, paying the manufacturing manager the expected marginal value for each unit of capacity delivered, receiving the realized marginal value from the marketing managers, and losing money on average in the process.\n      </p>", "The current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) and effluent emission (use and disposal) regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and manufacturing effluent discharge and emission regulations of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA) require contained manufacture, use, and disposal of pharmaceuticals with the goal of minimizing the release of pharmaceutical chemicals into the environment. However, debate has recently arisen in several scientific forums over whether these regulations adequately protect human and environmental health from the new pharmaceutical drugs introduced each year into the marketplace and the multitude of existing products, each with many distinct biochemical modes of actions. To address this issue, it is important to understand the relevance of current cGMP regulations and emission regulations that have a direct bearing on the releases of pharmaceutical chemicals into the environment during the manufacture, use, and disposal of active pharmaceutical ingredients (drug substances) and drug products. This knowledge may help us assess the quantity of residues that may be released into the environment. Additionally, the information on physical, chemical, and degradation and sorption properties of the pharmaceutical chemicals may help determine the net residue levels that could persist in the environment to evaluate if such residues have any bearing on human and environmental health. The scientific and regulatory aspects of issues related to the manufacture, use, and disposal of pharmaceutical chemicals are discussed in this article, with special emphasis on potential environmental exposure pathways during the life cycle of an active pharmaceutical ingredient or drug product. The mechanisms of degradation (transformation or depletion) and dilution of pharmaceutical residues that may be released into aquatic or terrestrial environmental compartments are described. Such degradation and dilution of pharmaceutical chemicals in the environment may significantly reduce the residues. It is important to evaluate whether such residue levels have any measurable impact on human and/or environmental health.\n      </p>", "The production control problem in unreliable manufacturing systems has generated a great deal of interest recently. The goal is the real-time calculation of production rates to minimize total expected surplus and backlog costs in a production system. A class of feedback control policies, called hedging point policies, has been studied in literature and shown to be optimal for certain single-part-type systems. This paper focuses mainly on the performance of hedging point policies in two-part-type systems. We first generalize known stability results for hedging point policies in single-part-type systems and extend them to two-part-type systems. An average cost analysis of trajectories is then used to partially characterize an optimal policy belonging to this class. A complete characterization is obtained for special parameter values. The results in this paper provide insights for designing simple yet effective heuristics for controlling manufacturing systems producing many part-types.\n      </p>", "A flexible manufacturing and operator scheduling problem is introduced and solved. The principal concern is to schedule operators over time to various activities of a manufacturing system for the purpose of optimizing some steady-state criteria. In mathematical terms, the problem is modeled as a deterministic, infinite horizon, discrete dynamic program. Our solution procedure is to convexify the problem to obtain a linear program, and then to deconvexify the solution of the linear program over time to arrive at an optimal solution. Apparent loss in objective value due to the deconvexifications is circumvented with buffer inventories. The procedure is reduced to solving a sequence of linear programs and the complexity is stated in these terms.\n      </p>", "Previous work in manufacturing has identified complexity as a relevant topic in this field. However, there is a high diversity of opinions on what complexity is, why it should be measured and how this can be done. This paper aims to contribute to a better understanding of manufacturing complexity and of the relationship between the system's complexity and its performance. Firstly, we identify the various aspects of manufacturing complexity highlighted in the literature. Secondly, we describe two complementary methods for measuring complexity, and the adaptation and application of these methods in a case study. The issues involved in applying the methods and the insights gained are also discussed. The main criteria considered in assessing the two methods are: methodology, costs, feasibility, type of information required, and the type of results they provide. We conclude by outlining the requirements that a complexity assessment method must meet in order to address all the complexity issues identified.\n      </p>", "This paper introduces the generic concept of processing rates as decision variables in Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS's). The objective is to determine the minimum cost processing rates given the FMS throughput target, the work-in-process level, part routes, transporter delays, and the variable capacity cost function for each machine. A nonlinear Mean Value Analysis queueing network optimization methodology is developed to control bottlenecks and queue lengths as the processing rates are varied. This methodology further provides the average and marginal unit production costs along with necessary and sufficient feasibility conditions for the FMS throughput targets. Industrial sample data is then used to illustrate the solution of the optimal tool speed problem in a metal-cutting FMS. Considerable cost savings are demonstrated using the proposed methodology in contrast with the conventional one-machine optimization models. Several economic insights regarding the issues of capacity allocation for FMS's, and a generalization of the square root capacity allocation rule for closed networks of queues, are also presented.\n      </p>", "This research focuses on the influence of location on the decision to close a manufacturing facility. Case studies of closures in the Cincinnati region, 1980-88, reveal that most closures are little affected directly by location, with corporate difficulties and plant characteristics being more significant. Approximately two-thirds of the closures were forced on the firm by severely inadequate profits. Analyses of selective closures within multiplant firms show that the most vulnerable are inappropriately sized and less technologically sophisticated plants. Regional variables such as taxes, business climate, and declines in local market demand or access to supplies are not often important. Relative location within the firm or within the metropolitan area also are not significant. The one regional exception is labor; plants deemed to be in areas of poorer labor relations and/or higher labor costs are more likely to be selected for closure. The appropriate locational model for plant closure is not the simple inverse of the new plant model because closure decisions are more spatially restricted. Closure decisions are firm specific but not irrational, so predictive models may be possible. The policy implication is that there is little an affected region can do to prevent closures.\n      </p>", "The dynamic model of manufacturing focusses on learning and competence building in the quest for perfection. The model has been suggested to be the essence of Japanese manufacturing success. In contrast, scholars argue that U.S.A. manufacturing bases strategic decisions on static short-term cost minimizing paradigms. This article provides an empirical test of these propositions by comparing attitudes toward top management involvement in manufacturing decisions and quality attitudes in the U.S.A. and Japan.\n      </p>", "Background. Previous research on reproductive effects of working in the semiconductor industry is limited and has produced conflicting results. Methods. This retrospective cohort study was designed to investigate the risk factors for female fertility in a wafer-manufacturing company of Taiwan in 1997. Waiting time to pregnancy and potential confounders were collected by face-to-face interview. Exposure was assessed by directors and senior engineers in manufacturing, administrative, and safety and health departments according to safety records, personnel records, and job histories from questionnaires, using a tiered exposure-assessment approach. Of a total 842 female workers, 720 (85.5%) participated. There were 292 pregnancies from 173 workers eligible for analysis. Relative fecundability (fecundability ratio, or FR) was calculated using Cox's proportional hazard models to evaluate the effect of occupational exposure to ethylene glycol ethers on female fertility. Results. Waiting time to pregnancy of female workers in the photolithography area was longer than that of those in the nonfabrication area (FR = 0.77; 95% CI = 0.45-1.32), and those who were potentially exposed to ethylene glycol ethers showed longer time to pregnancy compared with those not exposed (FR = 0.59; 95% CI = 0.37-0.94). Conclusion. This study provides further evidence that ethylene glycol ethers may cause female subfertility.\n      </p>", "Queue changes associated with each step of a manufacturing system are modeled by constant vector fields (fluid model of a queueing network). Observing these vector fields at fixed events reduces them to a set of piecewise linear maps. It is proved that these maps show only periodic or eventually periodic orbits. An algorithm to determine the period of the orbits is presented. The dependence of the period on the processing rates is shown for a 3(4)-step, 2-machine problem.\n      </p>", "This article reviews the existing literature on manufacturing strategy, explores its strengths and weaknesses, and proposes a new, more dynamic, planning framework. The new approach is based on the concept of strategic manufacturing initiatives (SMIs). SMIs are major manufacturing efforts that seek improvement over a specified time period; they include both quantitative goals and specific milestones. The article describes a planning process that managers can use to develop an effective mix of SMIs for their organizations. It begins with the overall business strategy and progresses through four stages of distillation or filtering. The article concludes with recommendations on how best to link SMIs with long-term planning.\n      </p>", "Advanced manufacturing technology (AMT) includes such technologies as computer-aided design (CAD) and manufacturing (CAM), as well as computer-integrated manufacturing (CIM). Numerous case studies have found that organization structure (e.g., centralization of decision making) changes when firms introduce AMT, but the findings from such studies have been inconsistent. This paper reports the findings of a large-sample study of the relationship between AMT and organization structure. Two alternative patterns in the relationship between these two concepts were considered. The Marxist perspective, which holds that automation is used by managers as a tool to subordinate the workforce, leads to predictions that AMT will be associated with increasing differentiation (more hierarchical levels and job classifications), centralized decision making, and high levels of formalization (management by rules). The Idealist perspective, which involves the belief that managers should use new technologies to empower the workforce, leads to predictions that AMT will be associated with less differentiation, decentralized decision making, and limited formalization. The study was conducted using questionnaires, which were returned by general managers from 185 firms in the metalworking industries (SIC codes 33-37). The findings provide some support for both perspectives, as AMT was associated with both decentralization of decision making and formalization. We interpret these results as stemming from the characteristics of AMT, particularly integration, flexibility, and risk. Seen in this light, organizations have less need to centralize decisions, as AMT's capacity for integration allows information to be brought together at lower levels of the firm, and its flexibility allows departments to more easily adapt to decisions made by other departments. The risk and expense associated with AMT, however, may lead firms to institutionalize those practices associated with effective use of the technology through formal rules. In other words, formalization may be a mechanism for safely decentralizing. In general, researchers are urged to strike a balance between focusing on the intentions of management and the constraints of the technology when they study technology and organization.\n      </p>", "This study analyzes the strategy-structure fit and its effect on the economic performance of 144 U.S. manufacturing and service multinational corporations (MNCs). The results indicate that MNCs, irrespective of being services or manufacturing, choose their organization structure consistent with the theoretical fit prescription for the kind of strategy they are pursuing. However, the strategy-structure fit had no effect on service MNC economic performance. With manufacturing MNCs, mixed results regarding the fit-performance linkage were found. Based on the findings, implications and directions for future research are suggested.\n      </p>", "Is the trend towards rising earnings inequality associated with increased exploitation? The authors investigate exploitation among workers using data for manufacturing industries. Defined as the underpayment of earnings relative to productivity as evaluated in the market, exploitation is measured for various groups of employees. The results indicate significant levels of exploitation among women, Hispanics, African Americans, and blue-collar workers. By contrast, employees who are overpaid relative to their productivities include middle-aged workers, older workers, and managers. Additional findings suggest that the increase in inequality in recent years has been associated with heightened exploitation due to the underpayment of workers in the lowest two quintiles of the earnings distribution, while workers in the upper two quintiles have become increasingly overpaid. Rising earnings inequality in the manufacturing sector thus appears to be associated with increased exploitation when the latter is measured as the underpayment of market value to workers. A related analysis by Liu, Sakamoto, and Su also investigates patterns of economic underpayment and overpayment but does not link them explicitly to inequality in the distribution of earnings and how the level of inequality has been increasing in recent years.\n      </p>", "We consider operation assignment problems arising from a printed circuit board assembly process. The research was inspired by an application at Hewlett Packard where hundreds of types of printed circuit boards require the insertion of a number of components. The components can be inserted manually or by semiautomated insertion machines. The machines are limited in terms of the number of different component types that they can hold. We investigate how to assign the boards and components to the machines and manual process so as to minimize cost. An optimal solution technique is developed for the single-machine case and for the multiple-machine case where boards are not allowed to be set up on more than one process. In addition, a heuristic is developed which gives near-optimal solutions (within 0.3%) with much less computational effort. Although the problem this paper specifically addresses is that of partially automated PC board assembly, the results apply to a more general set of problems. Other applications include completely automated PC board assembly, flexible manufacturing systems, and general operation assignment problems.\n      </p>", "Objectives\u2014To investigate the question of whether there is an association between exposure to silica or respirable glass fibre and mortality from nephritis or nephrosis among workers in fibrous glass wool manufacturing facilities. Methods\u2014A case\u2013control study with cases and controls derived from the Owens Corning mortality surveillance system. Two case-control analyses were carried out, one where the cases are defined with nephritis or nephrosis as the underlying cause of death and one where cases are defined as those where nephritis or nephrosis is either the underlying or a contributing cause of death. Results\u2014There is no consistent relation between respirable fibres or respirable silica and nephritis or nephrosis when the analysis is based either on underlying cause only or on underlying plus contributing cause of death. None of the sociodemographic variables considered suggests an increased risk when considering both underlying and contributing cause of death. Conclusions\u2014These data would seem to support the contention that the most accurate picture of renal disease will be gained from the use of all information on the death certificate and not only the underlying cause. For these data, all odds ratios (ORs) for respirable fibres and silica based on both underlying and contributing cause of death are &lt;1 with the exception of the highest exposure to silica which is slightly &gt;1 (OR=1.04)). Although these results do not prove that there is no association between nephritis and nephrosis and exposure to dibreglass or silica in the dibreglass manufacturing environment, they do not support the assertion that such as association exists.\n      </p>", "Recoverable manufacturing is becoming an increasingly important alternative to companies as they develop strategies aimed at minimising waste and resources. Remanufacturing helps minimise costs and conserve resources through methods such as extending product life cycles via refurbishments and technical upgrades which require the use of only a fraction of the resources and energy associated with a new product. In this study proactive expediting policies that have been observed as managerial practice in remanufacturing environments are examined for their effectiveness. It is shown that in the remanufacturing environment, with its greater inherent uncertainty, product structure complexity significantly affects the choice of proactive expediting policy to employ if the practice is adhered to. It is also shown that this type of proactive expediting does not provide any significant benefits to the manager, on any of the performance measures analysed. The manager in this environment would be well advised to resist the temptation of using such a proactive expediting policy.\n      </p>", "Firms that build flexibility into their manufacturing system gain a competitive edge from their ability to efficiently produce a mid-variety of products at mid-volumes. In order to realize the competitive edge of flexible systems, manufacturing management has to deal effectively with the greater complexity that flexibility brings about. One of the key factors for the success of a flexible system is the management of the product set flow. If the product flow is poorly managed, products may have long manufacturing lead times, and materials may spend a large amount of time in queues as work in process. In such a situation, most of the competitive potential of the flexible system may be lost. But if the flow of materials through the production/assembly stations is carefully synchronized, with materials moving smoothly and continuously from one operation to the next, then it is possible to attain short manufacturing lead times and little waiting. We refer to this operating condition as synchronized flow. In this paper, we study how to attain a synchronized flow for product sets with different characteristics regarding process flexibility and consistency.\n      </p>", "We examine Hong Kong's role in the modernization of manufacturing industries in Mainland China and its province of Guangdong. Hong Kong's role has evolved from trading intermediary to low-cost mainland manufacturer to provider of key business, fnancial, and supply chain services.\n      </p>", "Responding to varying customer needs for product customization, quantities, or lead times requires increased manufacturing flexibility. In certain contexts, the reverse is true, i.e., customer requirements are somewhat flexible, providing additional options in production planning. This paper considers such an opportunity faced by a specialty steel manufacturer whose customers allow flexibility in product specifications. We develop and test a model and solution methodology to exploit this flexibility during production planning. The model also applies to other situations in which manufacturers can select, within limits, the size or quantities of items produced using limited capacity. We formulate the problem as a profit-maximizing mixed-integer program with an interesting embedded packing subproblem using \"expandable\" items. We develop a composite solution method that combines model enhancement using strong valid inequalities, Lagrangian relaxation, and heuristic approaches. Computational results using real data from a specialty steel manufacturer and randomly generated test problems show that the algorithm generates solutions that are, on average, within 0.59% of optimality. For the problem instances based on real data, the model increases contribution to profit by over 7% relative to current practice at the steel manufacturing facility.\n      </p>", "In some flexible manufacturing systems, tool magazine capacity naturally divides parts into families so that substantial setups occur only when switching production between families. For this situation (positive setup times and costs only between families), we show that the production planning problem decomposes into two simpler problems: an aggregate scheduling problem, and a disaggregation. First, we derive a disaggregation that determines the optimal intrafamily product schedules corresponding to a given family schedule in polynomial time. Second, we show how to aggregate so that the decomposition maintains optimality for family schedules satisfying the property that production does not begin until inventory is zero (the Zero-Switch rule).\n      </p>", "Increasing manufacturing flexibility is a key strategy for efficiently improving market responsiveness in the face of uncertain future product demand. Process flexibility results from being able to build different types of products in the same plant or production facility at the same time. In Part I of this paper, we develop several principles on the benefits of process flexibility. These principles are that 1) limited flexibility (i.e., each plant builds only a few products), configured in the right way, yields most of the benefits of total flexibility (i.e., each plant builds all products) and 2) limited flexibility has the greatest benefits when configured to chain products and plants together to the greatest extent possible. In Part II, we provide analytic support and justification for these principles. Based on a planning model for assigning production to plants, we demonstrate that, for realistic assumptions on demand uncertainty, limited flexibility configurations (i.e., how products are assigned to plants) have sales benefits that are approximately equivalent to those for total flexibility. Furthermore, from this analysis we develop a simple measure for the flexibility in a given product-plant configuration. Such a measure is desirable because of the complexity of computing expected sales for a given configuration. The measure is II(M*), the maximal probability over all groupings or sets of products (M) that there will be unfilled demand for a set of products while simultaneously there is excess capacity at plants building other products. This measure is easily computed and can be used to guide the search for good limited flexibility configurations.\n      </p>", "Research on the planning and scheduling issues of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) has not been sparse. Most, if not all, studies, however, have focused on either developing the planning model or examining the performance of different scheduling rules. To date, the FMS planning and scheduling problems have not been studied together, though they are highly interrelated. This paper takes a first step to simultaneously address the planning and scheduling problems of flexible manufacturing systems. The problems are solved as a hierarchical process. We first integrate and formulate batching, loading, and routeing, three of the most important FMS planning problems, as a 0-1 mixed integer program. According to the optimal decisions provided by the integrated planning model, we then develop an off-line scheduling scheme that is capable of generating detail parts sequencing in the sequence independent environment (i.e. the operations are not constrained by a process sequence). Finally, we suggest several extensions and future research directions.\n      </p>", "Empirical models are developed and estimated to identify economic determinants of food manufacturing establishment growth between 1987 and 1993. Separate growth equations are estimated for states and counties at the three-digit SIC level. Significant agglomeration diseconomies are found to exist for nearly all subindustries at the county level, but not at the state level. The ability of rural counties to attract food processors to create local employment opportunities and market outlets for farmers varies considerably across subindustries.\n      </p>", "Flexible manufacturing systems represent an advanced class of automated manufacturing systems. Because of the complexity and dynamic behaviour of such systems, simulation modelling is becoming a popular method of facilitating FMS design and determining operational strategies. This paper illustrates the use of activity cycle diagrams as a graphical method for developing simulation models for two existing flexible manufacturing systems. A description of this graphical method is given, and some simulation models are presented. Various versions of the models were developed for each configuration because of the different production processes performed in the systems. The influence of two different software packages (SIMFACTORY II.5 and VS7), which were used for the development of computer models based on activity cycle diagram conceptual models, is illustrated. Different models were developed for the same configurations and process plans, to allow for the level of detail that can be modelled by each software package. The conclusions discuss to what extent activity cycle diagrams are suitable for the development of conceptual FMS simulation models.\n      </p>", "This paper presents examples of recently developed measures of flexibility and adaptivity for machines and groups of machines in a manufacturing setting. The flexibility measures depend on the set of tasks to be done relative to a background task set, the relative importance of the tasks and the efficiency of machines in doing them. The measures of adaptivity relate flexibility measures in different situations, usually at different points in time.\n      </p>", "In the electronics industry and others, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) are selling their production facilities to contract manufacturers (CMs). The CMs achieve high capacity utilization through pooling (supplying many different OEMs). Meanwhile, the OEMs focus on innovation: research and development, product design, and marketing. We examine how this change in industry structure affects investment in innovation and capacity, and thus profitability. In particular, innovation is noncontractible, so OEMs will invest less in innovation than is ideal for the industry as a whole. Hence, although contract manufacturing improves capacity utilization, it may reduce the profitability of the industry as a whole by weakening the incentives for innovation. Contract manufacturing is not the only means to achieve capacity pooling. Alternatively, the OEMs can pool capacity with one another through supply contracts or a joint venture. This may result in underinvestment or overinvestment in innovation and capacity, but always increases profitability. We find that the sale of production facilities to a CM improves profitability for the industry as a whole if and only if OEMs are subsequently in a strong bargaining position vis-\u00e0-vis the CM. If the OEMs are indeed very strong, the gain from pooling capacity via contract manufacturing is maximized in industries with moderate cost of capacity.\n      </p>", "One of the most important difficulties when developing knowledge based systems in manufacturing scheduling or control, is finding the required knowledge. We address here the problem of acquiring knowledge about the behavior of manufacturing systems. Learning algorithms are proposed to generate, from simulation experiments, a set of production rules. This set may be considered as a simulation meta-model, and may be used either directly by the shop manager, or inserted into a knowledge base. This approach is illustrated by the use of the learning program GENREG. It generates rules related to the behavior of a simplified flow shop when different dispatching rules are applied.\n      </p>", "As the production of goods and the introduction of new products have continued to increase, a phenomenal increase in water use by industry has occurred. Industrial water use has increased 20-fold since 1900. New state and federal pollution control legislation standards have been established that will make it necessary for industry to improve its wastewater treatment facilities. One of the most complex problems resulting from this necessity to improve wastewater treatment systems is the assessment of the manpower that will be required to operate and maintain these systems. Data presented in the 1967 U. S. Bureau of Census on Water Use in Manufacturing, data collected by the Environmental Protection Agency in a poll of 10,000 industries to determine their projected professional and technical manpower requirements, and data presented in a report by the Environmental Science Services Corporation were used to estimate the total number of personnel in various industrial categories working on water pollution control. Predicted increases over the current level of employment in the manufacturing industries in water pollution control range between 300 and 400 percent over the next 5 yr.\n      </p>", "As part of the cellular manufacturing design process, machines must be grouped in cells and the corresponding part families must be assigned. Limits on both the number of machines per cell and the number of parts per family can be considered. A weighted sum of intracell voids and intercellular moves is used to evaluate the quality of the solutions. We present a tabu search algorithm that systematically explores feasible machine cells configurations determining the corresponding part families using a linear network flow model. The performance of this tabu search is benchmarked against two simulated annealing approaches, another tabu search approach and three heuristics: (ZODIAC, GRAFICS and MST).\n      </p>", "Theory on the measurement of manufacturing performance is fragmented and often contradictory. Researchers note that traditional measures of manufacturing performance decouple the performance of the manufacturing function from the performance of the firm and from other stakeholders that interact with the manufacturing function. What we need is an integrative approach that \"balances the scorecard\" between financial and nonfinancial measures of manufacturing performance and links that performance to the relationships that exist between the manufacturing function and its constituencies. The authors argue that stakeholder theory is a vehicle that allows the manufacturing executive to prioritize stakeholder interests and develop appropriate manufacturing performance measures. The article presents a discussion of the limitations of traditional measures of manufacturing performance, a review of stakeholder theory, and a discussion of the appropriateness of a stakeholder approach to measuring manufacturing performance.\n      </p>", "We consider a multi-period order selection problem in flexible manufacturing systems, which is the problem of selecting orders to be produced in each period during the upcoming planning horizon with the objective of minimising earliness and tardiness costs and subcontracting costs. The earliness and tardiness costs are incurred if an order is not finished on time, while subcontracting cost is incurred if an order is not selected within the planning horizon (and must be subcontracted) due to processing time capacity or tool magazine capacity. This problem is formulated as a 0-1 integer program which can be transformed into a generalised assignment problem. To solve the problem, a heuristic algorithm is developed using a Lagrangian relaxation technique. Effectiveness of the algorithm is tested on randomly generated problems and results are reported.\n      </p>", "The characteristics of the technology and markets within an industry will affect the range of logistics systems observed in that industry. In some industries the range is wide, while in others all firms make the same logistics choices. This paper explores these differences. We propose the concept of an efficient frontier of cost-service choices and show how firms align themselves along the frontier.\n      </p>", "We extend the stages model of internationalization to incorporate a sophisticated consideration of temporal and cross-national variation in the uncertainty of the policy environment. Using a sample of 6465 international expansions of 665 Japanese manufacturing firms in 49 countries, we develop arguments from internationalization and bargaining power perspectives to show how Japanese firms manage policy uncertainty in host country environments through the within-country sequencing of investments. Although a distribution to manufacturing entry sequence tends to prevail in countries with low levels of policy uncertainty, as uncertainty in the policy environment increases, initial entry by distribution is increasingly likely to be eschewed in favor of an initial entry by a joint venture manufacturing plant. We suggest that this change in investment sequence occurs as firms shift from an emphasis on developing knowledge about local markets and consumers in low-hazards markets to an international expansion strategy in uncertain policy environments that places knowledge development of the policy environment at the forefront of a firm's strategy.\n      </p>", "Parallel discrete event simulation (PDES) is concerned with the distributed execution of large-scale system models on multiple processors. It is an enabler in the implementation of the virtual enterprise concept, integrating semiautonomous models of production cells, factories, or units of a supply chain. The key issue in PDES is to maintain causality relationships between system events, while maximizing parallelism in their execution. Events can be executed conservatively only when it is safe to do so, sacrificing the extent to which potential parallelism of the system can be exploited. Alternatively, they can be processed optimistically without guarantee of correctness, but incurring the overhead of a rollback to an earlier saved state when causality error is detected. The paper proposes a modified optimistic scheme for distributed simulation of constituent models of a supply chain in manufacturing, which exploits the inherent operating characteristics of its domain.\n      </p>", "Many resource-allocation problems in manufacturing and service operations require selecting integer-valued levels for various activities that consume \"nondecreasing amounts\" of limited resources. System productivity, to be maximized, is limited by the least productive (bottleneck) activity. We first review a basic bisection method that can solve this discrete, monotonic resource-allocation problem even with a nonlinear objective and constraints. We then generalize the basic algorithm to solve an enhanced version of the problem containing additional coupling constraints on the allocation decisions. This generalization applies to assembly-release planning (ARP) in a multiproduct assemble-to-forecast environment with part commonality. The ARP problem requires deciding the number of kits for each product to release for assembly in every time period, using the available parts, to achieve if possible the target service levels for all products and time periods or minimize the maximum deviation of the actual service levels from the targets. We also consider extensions of the ARP model incorporating precedence constraints and part substitutability, and show how to modify the bisection method to solve these problems.\n      </p>", "Adopting new practices to develop capabilities and enhance competitiveness is a goal for many firms. This study of a corporate initiative to implement flow manufacturing in multiple plants highlights some elements of the interaction between the content of a complex practice, the sources of the practice knowledge, and the characteristics and competitive priorities of the recipients of the practice. Heterogeneity among the plants, stemming from both differences in resource endowments and differences in choices made by managers, presents challenges to achieving firm-wide distinctiveness.\n      </p>", "This paper reviews recent work on the development of analytical models of Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs). The contributions of each of the groups concerned with model development are summarized and an assessment is made of the strengths and weaknesses of its modelling approach. A number of directions in which models require extension are outlined, in particular the representation of such aspects of FMS operation as the tool delivery systems, the blocking phenomenon, the transient behavior and the differences between flexible machining systems and flexible assembly systems. Further work is also required on the structure of FMS control and the integration with plant production planning and control.\n      </p>", "A statistical procedure is used to show that increased concentration in U.S. food-manufacturing industries is associated with increased total input productivity. A price leadership model is employed in order to estimate total welfare loss. If an elasticity of -1 is assumed, deadweight loss to society is estimated at 0.5% of food value. If an elasticity of -0.5 is assumed, total loss to consumers amounts to 6.11% of food value, which is $10 billion in 1975. The increase in total factor productivity which is linked to concentration is roughly sufficient to offset the entire loss to consumers.\n      </p>", "This analysis utilizes multivariate gradual switching regression techniques and Bayesian inferential procedures to evaluate structural change in factor demand relationships in the food manufacturing industry. Food materials are included as an input into the food manufacturing industry. The results confirm a significant gradual structural change that initiated in 1980. Price elasticities indicate that the demands for raw food materials and energy have become more elastic while the demand for labor has become less elastic. Morishima elasticities of substitution indicate that nearly all factors are substitutes and that the degree of substitutability has significantly increased in recent years.\n      </p>", "Remanufacturing is becoming an increasingly important alternative to firms as they develop environmentally sound strategies aimed at minimizing waste and resources. Remanufacturing helps minimize costs through such methods as extending product life cycles via refurbishments and technical upgrades which require only a fraction of the resources and energy associated with a new product. The remanufacturing environment is characterized by a far greater degree of uncertainty than new manufacturing, due to such factors as material recovery uncertainty and probabilistic routings. In this study the use of safety stocks, with a material requirement planning system, to deal with the high inherent uncertainty in the system is examined. It is shown that some safety stocks must be kept in the system but have limited applicability. Additional safety stocks do not provide the manager in this environment with any added benefit beyond that obtained by keeping a minimum recommended level. The results obtained are somewhat counter-intuitive, since adding additional levels of safety stock does not add additional coverage when lead times are greater than one planning period. This lead time effect is explained fully and recommendations as to safety stock level to invest in are made.\n      </p>"], "words": {"limited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consider": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "represent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsiveness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "resources": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "straightforward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cellular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "discrete": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "vector": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enhance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conceptualize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurrence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "design": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "perspective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "others,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "machines": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "even": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "index": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manufactured": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "firms": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "increasing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "multinational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multivariate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dynamic,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "water": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "address": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consideration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "great": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "items": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "exploitation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simultaneous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "products": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "loop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adopting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flexibility": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "aimed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "controlled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "total": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "inferential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "varying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "customer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 31, "prob": 0.0002567192112923328}, "work": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "reviews": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "process": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "topic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scheduling": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "needs": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "magazine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "earnings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establishment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "divides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "product": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explores": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "derived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "respective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "productivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prostate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parallel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficiently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 41, "prob": 0.00033953186009631113}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chief": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maintain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "typical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "help": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taxonomy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "vary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 19, "prob": 0.0001573440327275588}, "statistical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "still": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "design,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmentally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "chemical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapidly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "temporal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "systems": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "defining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "good": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "motivated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "food": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "propose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "material": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "now": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "term": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "technology,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inequality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "each": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "energy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "undertake": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "typology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "network": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "factory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "semiconductor": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "evaluation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "software": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "times": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "quality": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "surveys": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "system": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "their": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "rates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scheme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "that": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "tool": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "july": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gradual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategies": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 41, "prob": 0.00033953186009631113}, "substantial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "need": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "concentration": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "any": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploratory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "able": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complexity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "equipment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "edge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "best": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "finding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "performance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strengths": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "towards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measures": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "most": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "printed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "class": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consequences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compounds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "m": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "face": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "graphs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "notion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sector": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incorporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emerging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minimizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scarce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "networks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "knowledge": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "implementation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "only": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "about": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "employee": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "materials,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mainly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procedures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prime": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determinants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "queue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analytical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fixed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scanning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "observed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "operated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "close": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "liberalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "declined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "satisfying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capacity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "difficulties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "numerous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "recently": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analyzes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficiency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perceptions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "country": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "against": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whole": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "relevant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "co": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cancer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "been": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "strategy": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "reduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "maintenance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flexible": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "waste": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "choose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "families": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "pesticide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modelling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demand": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "bayesian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "realities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pilot": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uncertain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resulting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "empirical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "procedure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "use,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cluster": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 43, "prob": 0.00035609438985710677}, "plants,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technology": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "regression": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cohort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "generic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assignment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "numerical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allocation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "changing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fabrication": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "task": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minimize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modeled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 78, "prob": 0.0006459386606710309}, "arising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recoverable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "just": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "being": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sound": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increase,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competitive": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assigned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposes": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internationalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alternative": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "alignment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manufacturing,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "field": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "workers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capabilities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "board": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capacitated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "advanced": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "build": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increased": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supervisors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "know": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "projects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "qualitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "switching": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "methods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "export": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "phenomenal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decision": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "allocate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "assembly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marketing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "processing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "step": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "post": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manufacturing": {"number": 58, "prob": 0.00048031336306307424}, "by": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "stage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "behaviors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goods": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 79, "prob": 0.0006542199255514287}, "industry": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "introduces": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "location": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simulation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "practical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extensions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greatly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efforts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduced": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "or": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "executives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facility": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "into": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategy,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operator": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reducing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eleven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lot": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competitiveness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "naturally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fragmented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "form": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manufacturers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "becoming": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sophisticated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contradictory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cycle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "automated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "with": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "responding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "culture,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cells": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attached": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "economic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "problem": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "stages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "organizational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corresponding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "epidemiological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "event": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "grouped": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "setting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collaborative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "building": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methodologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lead": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "required": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "departments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "time": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "requires": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "original": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}