{"total_words": 1506, "documents": ["This paper expands the definition of gray-marketing to include some ethically problematic marketing activities and techniques used in personal selling in China. Based on this, a conceptual model of gray-marketing for a particular type of selling in which both the sellers and the buyers exhibit problematic ethics in an exchange and the associated hypotheses are developed and tested. The findings show that, first, the respondents have different ethical evaluations of different marketing practices used in personal selling such as giving and accepting gifts, buying and accepting meals, and offering and accepting kickbacks. Some of these practices may not be considered unethical. Second, in terms of ethical assessment, gray-marketing practiced by buying agents is more unacceptable than when practiced by sales agents. Third, a person's ethical evaluation of gray-marketing behavior, empathy for gray-marketing, and belief that gray-marketing has serious consequences, significantly affects his inclination to use gray-marketing. This paper concludes with a discussion of some possible applications of our research findings.\n      </p>", "A mail survey was done of Professionals from major architectural, law, and accounting firms to determine what factors seem to explain how much effort they devote to marketing their firms' Services. The results of this exploratory study identified several significant explanatory variables, a few of which had effects in some professions and not others. Additional research in this area is recommended.\n      </p>", "Matching production with sales potential is essential for survival in volatile markets. Manufacturing and marketing managers compete for staff, space, cash, and other assets as they struggle both to determine what and how many products ought to be produced, and to actually produce them. We develop an analytical framework to answer one simple question, \"How much marketing research should a firm do when it takes resources away from manufacturing the goods that generate revenue?\" To understand the costs and benefits of marketing research, we account for the lost opportunities to produce these goods. Some analytical findings are striking: firms without initial knowledge of their potential customers should allocate one-third of the firm's resources to marketing research. The model suggests a host of issues to be more deeply studied by management scientists.\n      </p>", "Optimal calf retention and marketing activities for cow-calf producers are examined using a expected utility-maximizing discrete stochastic programming model. Steer, heifer, and corn prices are modeled as stochastic variables. The mathematical model is used to consider retention at weaning and yearling stages and marketing alternatives of cash, hedging, and options. Results show how calf retention decisions depend upon current profit, expected future profit distributions, pricing alternatives available, and the cow-calf producer's aversion to risk.\n      </p>", "A modified Lanchester game is used to develop closed-loop strategies for offensive and defensive marketing expenditures of duopolistic competitors in a market share rivalry. Analysis of the model reveals that \u2022 well-defined closed-loop strategies can be developed that show directly the influence of market share on offensive and defensive marketing; \u2022 steady state is marked by balance between offensive and defensive marketing expenditures; \u2022 defensive marketing is more critical than offensive marketing due to greater risk of loss under deviation from closed-loop strategies. The last result would appear to have particularly important implications for both practice and research.\n      </p>", "Firms invest heavily in different types of business-to-business relationship marketing activities in the belief that such programs bolster their bottom line. In this study, we develop and test a conceptual model that links customer-specific relationship marketing investments to short-term, customer-specific financial outcomes. Data from a matched set of 313 business customers covered by 143 salespeople of 34 selling firms indicate that investments in social relationship marketing pay off handsomely, financial relationship marketing investments do not, and structural relationship marketing investments are economically viable for customers serviced frequently. We conceptualize relationship marketing in a context involving nested participants (customers, salespeople, selling firms) and employ a hierarchical linear modeling approach to account for observations that are not independent. Across the three hierarchical levels, the impact of the financial, social, and structural components of relationship marketing investments and the potential moderating factors offer valuable insights into contextual factors and managerial strategies for leveraging relationship marketing investments. In an attempt to suggest normative guidelines to managers, we extend our analysis to a simple resource allocation model that describes the optimal mix of relationship marketing resources based on firm strategies.\n      </p>", "The study investigates how an organization's entrepreneurial orientation moderates the interplay between market orientation and marketing subunit influence on firm performance. The hypothesized model predicts that the positive interaction between market orientation and marketing subunit influence has a weaker effect on firm performance under conditions of high entrepreneurial orientation. The regression and supplementary analyses provide support for most predictions and, most importantly, for a negative three-way interaction effect: At higher levels of entrepreneurial orientation, the positive moderating effect of marketing subunit influence on the market orientation-business performance relationship is reduced. The authors discuss the managerial and theoretical implications of their findings and provide a number of directions for further research.\n      </p>", "Soon after the concept of a management information system was introduced in the mid-1960s, marketers tailored it to their own unique needs, naming it the marketing information system (MKIS). Several studies have been conducted of how MKISs are used in the Fortune 500 companies, and the authors compare their current findings to those of ten and eighteen years ago. It seems that both the MKIS support and the model use for the three levels of marketing management are more balanced today than ten years ago. Moreover, pricing decisions instead of product decisions are taking the lead in using the MKIS services today. Marketers have been taking advantage of developments in technology and methodology to increase the level of decision support since the 1960s. However, there is a lack of satisfaction with the MKIS among marketers today. Many firms are not linking their marketing plans with their companywide information system plans to create competitive advantages. Under today's intense global competition, these situations must be rectified as soon as possible. Otherwise, they will definitely create pressures that could either increase the role of the marketing information system in these firms, or eliminate it entirely.\n      </p>", "We use a stated preference instrument to elicit producer preferences for the attributes of risk-shifting hog marketing contracts and express acceptable producer trade-offs between contract attributes in a convenient dollar metric. Respondents value an increase in a window contract's price ceiling three to five times more than the same increase in the price floor, which suggests that hog producers dislike contracts that limit up-side price potential (limit positive skewness). The contractor's organizational form is also important. Cooperative forms are preferred by many respondents, particularly those who state that trust in the contractor is an important antecedent for any contractual relationship.\n      </p>", "The influence of firms' dynamic capabilities on performance has been well articulated in the strategy literature. Yet conceptualization and operationalization of dynamic capabilities in marketing function have not been attempted, and empirical evidence substantiating the effect of dynamic capabilities is scarce. This research develops a conceptualization of marketing dynamic capabilities (MDCs), investigates their development in international joint ventures (IJVs), and explores their effect on IJVs' performance and competitive advantage. Using a dyadic dataset collected from top managers of IJVs in China, as well as objective performance data collected separately, the study found empirical support for the effect of MDCs on IJVs' competitive advantage and performance. In addition, MDCs are found to be influenced by IJV resource magnitude, resource complementarity, organizational culture, and organizational structure. The theoretical implications of our findings and future research directions are also discussed.\n      </p>", "We provide a fully personalized model for optimizing multiple marketing interventions in intermediate-term customer relationship management (CRM). We derive theoretically based propositions on the moderating effects of past customer behavior and conduct a longitudinal validation test to compare the performance of our model with that of commonly used segmentation models in predicting intermediate-term, customer-specific gross profit change. Our findings show that response to marketing interventions is highly heterogeneous, that heterogeneity of response varies across different marketing interventions, and that the heterogeneity of response to marketing interventions may be partially explained by customer-specific variables related to customer characteristics and the customer's past interactions with the company. One important result from these moderating effects is that relationship-oriented interventions are more effective with loyal customers, while action-oriented interventions are more effective with nonloyal customers. We show that our proposed model outperformed models based on demographics, recency-frequency-monetary value (RFM), or finite mixture segmentation in predicting the effectiveness of intermediate-term CRM. The empirical results project a significant increase in intermediate-term profitability over all of the competing segmentation approaches and a significant increase in intermediate-term profitability over current practice.\n      </p>", "This paper describes a study that assesses the performance implications of matching marketing strategy to business strategy. In order to conduct this study we first reviewed the literature on marketing strategy to identify its key dimensions. We then conducted a survey of 1000 senior marketing executives about the strategic marketing practices adopted in their respective firms or business units, and developed scales to describe 11 strategic marketing activities. We next performed a K-means cluster analysis using these scales to develop a taxonomy of marketing strategy types consisting of: Aggressive Marketers, Mass Marketers, Marketing Minimizers, and Value Marketers. We then observed that superior performance at the firm or SBU level was achieved when specific marketing strategy types were matched with appropriate Miles and Snow (1978) business strategy types.\n      </p>", "The emergence of a mobile data infrastructure interconnected with the Internet and television marks the advent of a new marketing channel based on mobile messaging and complementary to traditional marketing channels and the Internet. Mobile marketing test drives are proliferating around the world, with the United Kingdom as the laboratory of innovation. Powerful brand names are involved. Technologies and business models are assessed through experimental campaigns and user-attitude studies. This article frames the ongoing inquiry on mobile marketing through an overview of the novel marketing channel and proposes a brief analysis of the emerging industry structure, followed by a discussion of the split of resources between incumbents and new entrants (i.e., entrepreneurial mobile marketing companies) and their effective competitive positioning.\n      </p>", "The orderly marketing goal of federal marketing orders may deal with price stability or uniform flow of product to market, a choice which can have important economic implications. This study examines the impact of four fresh lemon marketing strategies on returns at the producer, FOB, and retail levels, together with marketing margins and consumer surplus. Producers, as a group, and consumers should favor a constant price strategy. Some individual producers and middlemen, however, enjoyed higher returns with constant weekly sales. Explanations of the shift in lemon sales patterns which occurred during the 1970s is examined in light of these results.\n      </p>", "The authors use the theoretical notion of anomie to examine the impact of top management's control mechanisms on the environment of the marketing function. Based on a literature review and in-depth field interviews with marketing managers in diverse industries, a conceptual model is proposed that incorporates the two managerial control mechanisms, viz. output and process control, and relates their distinctive influence to anomie in the marketing function. Three contingency variables, i.e., resource scarcity, power, and ethics codification, are proposed to moderate the relationship between control mechanisms and anomie. The authors also argue for the link between anomic environments and the propensity of unethical marketing practices to occur. Theoretical and managerial implications of the proposed conceptual model are discussed.\n      </p>", "A range of factors, including consumer concerns about food safety, the growing popularity of rural tourism and policy initiatives to promote endogenous rural development, is converging to promote a relocalization of food production and service provision, especially in those regions marginalized by the globalization of the food supply system. The recent outbreak of foot and mouth disease in the UK has starkly illustrated the fragility of localized systems which depend heavily on consumers travelling to them. Within such a context, the importance of successful marketing strategies has become even more apparent. This paper reports on a questionnaire survey which investigated promotional and marketing strategies among a diverse range of producers and service providers in marginal agricultural areas of the EU. The findings suggest that many producers are situated towards the \"formal\" end of a marketing continuum, whereby ability to promote quality products and services (QPS) lies with a range of intermediaries. This raises doubts about the future economic benefits of QPS, should current marketing structures persist. The discussion offers critical reflections on interdisciplinary and international research of this nature, and advocates further theoretical and methodological development in order to explore in more depth many of the aspects raised in this exploratory investigation.\n      </p>", "A mail survey of Fortune 1000 firms reveals considerable variation in the designs of their marketing information Systems, yet a uniformly high level of sophistication in regards to use of interactive Systems and decision modeling. Many ofthe data-gathering and Storage components of these Systems are not computerized. The best decision support is at the upper and middle management level for planning and Controlling the firm's product offering. This top-level support indicates that the user possibly has a greater influence on System implementation than does problem structure.\n      </p>", "Increasing debate centers on the decreasing influence of the marketing department within firms. This study investigates such influence and assesses its determinants and consequences. The results show that the accountability and innovativeness of the marketing department represent the two major drivers of its influence. However, the results do not indicate that the customer-connecting role of the marketing department increases its influence, though this role is important for shaping the firm's market orientation. A marketing department's influence is related positively to market orientation, which in turn is related positively to firm performance. This study also suggests a dual relationship between the marketing department's influence and market orientation. A key implication of this study is that marketers should become more accountable and innovative to gain more influence.\n      </p>", "It is widely accepted that marketing initiatives help firms acquire and retain customers. However, the link between the cash flows generated by customers' purchases and shareholders' wealth is not fully understood, and the literature is increasingly advocating the need for greater \"marketing accountability.\" In this interdisciplinary research, the authors adapt the theory of firm valuation from finance and show that a marketing action can affect the shareholders' wealth by (1) determining the firm's net present value (the \"stock price effect\") and (2) potentially reducing the firm's cash needs (the \"released working capital effect\"). In demonstrating these results, the authors advance marketing theory by answering calls made in the literature to link marketing actions to the investors' cash flows, the firm's working capital needs, and the owners' wealth. The approach also shows that by reducing the firm's cash needs, marketing can increase the firm's productivity (operating efficiency). This imputes a critically important role for marketing. By increasing productivity, marketing can increase the firm's competitive posture and, thus, its long-term viability.\n      </p>", "There is growing interest in the process by which marketing strategy is developed. This article reports on a study in which we investigate the performance implications of using multiple organizational approaches to the development of marketing strategy. Specifically, we test a model in which implementation capability mediates the relationship between number of marketing strategy development (MSD) styles used and firm performance. Based on data collected from manufacturers, the results indicate that: (1) the relationship between the number of MSD styles used and implementation capability is curvilinear (an inverse U-shaped relationship), (2) implementation capability positively impacts firm performance, and (3) implementation capability mediates the relationship between number of MSD styles used and firm performance.\n      </p>", "Managers often have incentives to artificially inflate current-term earnings by cutting marketing expenditures, even if it comes at the expense of long-term profits. Because investors rely on current-term accounting measures to form expectations of future-term profits, inflating current-term results can lead to enhanced current-term stock price. We present evidence that some firms engage in this type of \"myopic marketing management\" at the time of a seasoned equity offering (SEO). In particular, a greater proportion of firms than is typical report earnings higher than normal and marketing expenditures lower than normal at the time of their SEO. Although they realize that firms might be undertaking strategies to artificially inflate current-term earnings, the financial markets are not adequately identifying and properly valuing the firms doing so. Our results indicate that myopic firms are able to temporarily inflate their stock market valuation, but in the long run, as the consequences of cutting marketing spending become manifest, they have inferior stock market performance. We propose some actions that might reduce the incentives for myopic behavior.\n      </p>", "The extant business literature contains three separate characterizations of international marketing strategy: standardization-adaptation, concentration-dispersion, and integration-independence. These characterizations have, for decades, informed researchers, students, and practitioners alike of the strategic options a multinational firm might have in formulating its cross-border marketing approaches. Although useful, these characterizations have yet to be unified within an integrative classification scheme that considers the gestalt combinatorial patterns along multiple strategy dimensions. Toward creating such a classification scheme, this paper proposes a holistic conceptualization of international marketing strategy grounded in configurational theory, whereby strategies are viewed as multidimensional archetypes. We present evidence of three distinct international marketing strategy archetypes obtained through an exploratory case coding/clustering study. After discussing the characteristics, possible drivers, and contingent performance potentials of these archetypes, we offer directions for future research.\n      </p>", "The marketing of crops and livestock has been sadly neglected by agricultural geographers. Adopting a behavioural perspective, this paper examines the importance of different marketing channels to horticulturists in the Vale of Evesham. Local and distant markets are most important, whilst both direct marketing and such macro-marketing channels as co-operatives and contracts are relatively underused. The choice of outlet is, in part, related to the location of holdings within the Vale, but a few relationships existed with other farm and farmer characteristics. A brief resum\u00e9 of farmers' attitudes helps to unravel the complexities of horticultural marketing within the area.\n      </p>", "Marketing applications were part of the Operations Research Society of America (ORSA) from its beginning in 1953; expectations were optimistic, although a separate College on Marketing was not formed as part of The Institute of Management Science (TIMS) until 1967. It has proven difficult to keep practitioners involved and to get research translated into practice. The BBDO advertising agency began using OR techniques in the 1960s and learned several lessons, such as that an in-house group was needed to build user trust and that models must support decision makers, not try to replace them. The area of new-product introduction was especially challenging and gave rise to our most successful result-the NEWS model. Its application for the introduction of Wrigley's Extra sugar-free gum exemplifies the use of a marketing model by a manufacturer. BBDO has also had success in the areas of established brand modeling and marketing resource allocation. Marketing engineering is a young discipline and can continue to make important contributions if it retains its relation to marketing practice.\n      </p>", "The dynamic capabilities perspective posits that a firm can leverage the performance impact of existing resources through resource configuration, complementarity, and integration, but little empirical research addresses these issues. We investigate the effects on performance of marketing capabilities, technological capabilities, and their complementarity (interaction), and whether these effects are moderated by low vs. high technological turbulence. Results from SEM two-group analyses (with controls) show that both main effects positively impact performance in both environmental contexts. However, (1) their interaction effect is significant only in the high-turbulence environment; (2) the marketing-related main effect is lower in the high-turbulence environment; and (3) the main effects of technology-related capabilities are the same in both environments. Our research suggests that the synergistic performance impact of complementary capabilities can be substantive in particular environmental contexts: while synergistic rents cannot always be obtained, it is possible to leverage existing resources through complementarity.\n      </p>", "Quantitative models have proved valuable in predicting consumer behavior in the offline world. These same techniques can be adapted to predict online actions. The use of diffusion models provides a firm foundation to implement and forecast viral marketing strategies. Choice models can predict purchases at online stores and shopbots. Hierarchical Bayesian models provide a framework for implementing versioning and price-segmentation strategies. Bayesian updating is a natural tool for profiling users with clickstream data. A key challenge for practitioners of Internet marketing is to extract value from the huge volume of data that can be collected. These techniques illustrate how this information can be leveraged to create better decisions.\n      </p>", "Even when manufacturing and marketing departments operate at their respective best operating level, it may be suboptimal for the firm as a whole. Their functions can be integrated using quality as the interface. A conceptual model for an integrated approach employing a feedback loop is proposed. The model is analyzed using state-of-the-art scanner data and intrinsic managerial guidelines for global applications are developed.\n      </p>", "This paper reports the results of the ADVISOR 2 study, aimed at providing an understanding of and guidance for marketing mix decisions for industrial products. The study involved 22 companies and 131 products. Although cross-sectional in nature, justification is presented for using the descriptive results as guidelines for marketing mix decisions. Models are presented for advertising expenditures, marketing expenditures, marketing budget allocations, year-to-year changes in advertising spending and for selection of distribution channels. The level of marketing expenditures and the split of marketing into advertising and personal selling are shown to be affected by a few, general product and market characteristics of which product sales and the number of customers are key. It is shown that it is fruitful to study the advertising budget as advertising = (advertising/marketing) x marketing; i.e., a marketing budget is set and then a split of that budget into personal and impersonal communications is made. This two-stage view clarifies the role of different product and market characteristics in the models. The change in advertising spending is related to changes in market share, changes in product plans and changes in the number of competitors modified by the number of customers, their concentration and the size of the advertising budget. The decision to use a direct channel of distribution (primarily salesforce) is affected by the size of the firm, the size of an average order, the stage in the product's life cycle, the complexity of the product, the fraction of the product's sales made-to-order and the purchase frequency of the product. A discussion of the use of the ADVISOR models both for marketing decision making and for marketing researchers and model builders is included.\n      </p>", "Decision support systems (DSS) are becoming popular computer information system tools to assist in resolving strategic business problems. This paper reports the results of a laboratory study investigating the usefulness of DSS features for marketing problem solving. Marketers perceived DSS model interrogation features as most useful during decision making. Simulation capabilities and features enabling probabilistic specification of problem variables were considered least useful. Study results suggest that model building and decision training be included when introducing a DSS.\n      </p>", "Building models that help marketers make productive decisions and that they actually use is hard. I learned some lessons in my 30+ years of building and applying models for sizing and deploying sales forces, for estimating brand health, and for estimating the impact on revenue of marketing mix and of the attractiveness to consumers of product attributes. One is that building scientific models that improve productivity is an art. Other lessons include these: to balance model complexity versus ease of understanding and estimation; to involve managers in any subjective estimates for models they will implement; to make measures available to managers when they need them and at the level of organization they need; to use the predictive validity of a hold-out sample to persuade managers of a model's credibility; and to recognize that even for empirical models, subjective estimates about the future may be necessary. Productive marketing models may have different attributes than those published in prestigious academic journals.\n      </p>", "Pretesting of proposed marketing actions is a common type of marketing research activity. A key question is whether the information collected in the pretest is worth the cost. Described is a quick and easy way of deciding whether or not to buy additional information in the case of a two-action, two-state-of-nature decision problem. The approach is applicable to the pretest of any proposed marketing action. Its simplicity makes possible the widespread use in marketing of decision theory.\n      </p>", "We examine how farm characteristics affect marketing contract decisions. We relax the restrictive assumptions of Tobit, Poisson, and multinomial logit models and consider the quantity, frequency, and contract type decisions conditional on, rather than jointly with, the contract adoption decision. In contrast to earlier studies on marketing contract decisions, we estimate a two-step econometric model using Agricultural Resource Management Study data and find that farm characteristics affecting decisions to adopt marketing contracts differ from those affecting decisions regarding quantity, frequency, and contract type.\n      </p>", "For a major manufacturer of heating and cooling systems for large buildings, under increasing pressure to produce new product components, I developed a marketing-decision-support model of its process for selecting and developing new products that was comprehensive, objective, and dynamic. This approach is particularly suited for firms that feel the timing (introduction date) of new products significantly affects their sales potential. The firm has relied on this model and its expansions for over 25 years. Marketing-decision-support systems generally utilize a technical structure for dealing with a complex real-world problem. The technical structure is generally provided by a skilled modeler, the reality by experienced line managers dealing with the problem area. This interaction is a critical element in determining the success of real-world marketing-decision-support projects. The modeler must make sure the line managers feel intellectual ownership of the support system.\n      </p>", "This paper has three objectives: (1) to construct a theoretical model that aids in evaluating marketing expertise, (2) to use that theoretical model to identify factors influencing the value of marketing expertise, and (3) to empirically test the model by observing how different market conditions influence whether companies emphasize marketing expertise. We accomplish these objectives as follows. First, we use decision theory to find an expression for the expected value of marketing expertise. We do not use decision-analysis in the normative tradition. Nor do we assume that firms actually use formal decision-analysis. Rather, we assume that firms are rational and that decision theory describes their actions. Given that assumption, we predict how firms should evaluate marketing. Here, marketing expertise helps a firm make better marketing decisions (at least on average). Hence, the value of marketing expertise increases as marketing decisions become more important. Second, consistent with decision theory, we predict that marketing decisions become more important with increases in the instability of the marketing environment (i.e., predictability), the profit impact of marketing decisions (i.e., opportunity profit), and the loss from marketing mistakes (i.e., potential loss). Third, we construct empirical measures of our theoretical constructs with data from 592 firms. Our empirical results are consistent with our predictions and reveal factors influencing the value of marketing expertise. For example, greater market instability and market presence increase the value of marketing expertise, while larger organization size, organization instability, and competition decrease its value.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a model that considers the interface between marketing and production decisions in a channel of distribution of industrial goods comprised of a manufacturer and a distributor. The key issue investigated is the nature of the coordination within the channel in light of an unstable pattern of seasonal demand. The investigation, which focuses on dynamic issues, considers production activities such as product delivery and inventory policy, and their link to marketing strategies such as pricing policies. The focus here is on the dynamic nature of the coordinational aspects of the various policies. For example, the following questions are addressed: What is the distributor's pricing strategy throughout the season? What is the nature of the contractual price in the channel? Under what conditions should the distributor carry no inventory throughout the seasonal period? Under what conditions should the manufacturer carry no inventory? What is the impact of the seasonal parameters and differing holding and processing costs upon the various policies of the distribution channel? We propose a mechanism to address these issues, and we provide explicit answers to these questions.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the profit maximizing behavior of a vertically integrated firm that operates in \"n\" geographically distinct regions. A pair of alternative managerial decision scenarios are considered. In one scenario, all marketing mix variables are manipulated at the regional level, so that each region may choose different levels of each marketing variable. In the second scenario, one marketing variable is manipulated \"globally,\" so that its level is identical in all regions. The first scenario generates an n-region version of the \"Dorfman-Steiner\" first-order conditions for profit maximization. However, under some cost structures the profits associated with this Dorfman-Steiner scenario are dominated by those associated with the second, \"Global-Regional\" scenario. This second scenario yields an optimal solution in which the global marketing variable may have a negative marginal impact on sales in some regions. As a result, some managerial implications of the second scenario differ strikingly from those of the Dorfman-Steiner scenario.\n      </p>", "The impact of a decision calculus model on decision quality is assessed in a laboratory setting. An experimental design assesses the effects of: (a) the size of the problem (i.e., the number of control units over which allocations are to be made), (b) the noise-to-signal ratio in the market and (c) individual differences among the model users. The aspects of individual differences studied are: (1) time taken on the task, (2) mathematical ability and (3) cognitive style. The main experiment involved 96 subjects in a full factorial design. In general, the decision calculus model had a beneficial impact on a broad range of decision quality measures, particularly profit achievement.\n      </p>", "Non-profit (NP) organizations present complex challenges in managing stakeholder relationships, particularly during times of environmental change. This places a premium on knowing which stakeholders really matter if an effective relationship marketing strategy is to be developed. This article presents the successful application of a model, which combines Mitchell's theory of stakeholder saliency and Coviello's framework of contemporary marketing practices in a leading NP organization in the U.K. A cooperative enquiry approach is used to explore stakeholder relationships, dominant marketing practices, and to surface differing perceptions about the organization's marketing strategy. Resolving these differences sets the scene for developing choices in marketing strategy for the future.\n      </p>", "While many models of ethical decision-making in marketing have been presented in the literature, no recent attempts have been made to explicitly account for ethical decision-making from a marketing research perspective. We present an ethical framework for marketing research, the various philosophies of ethics, and a few enduring marketing ethical decision-making models, thus laying the foundation for a descriptive model for ethics in marketing research. The authors then develop an integrated model of ethical decision-making that incorporates the perspectives of all parties involved in the process of making ethical marketing research decisions, the various philosophies, and external variables. The proposed model is compared with some of the models considered in the literature and illustrated with a marketing research application.\n      </p>", "\"Network-based marketing\" refers to a collection of marketing techniques that take advantage of links between consumers to increase sales. We concentrate on the consumer networks formed using direct interactions (e.g., communications) between consumers. We survey the diverse literature on such marketing with an emphasis on the statistical methods used and the data to which these methods have been applied. We also provide a discussion of challenges and opportunities for this burgeoning research topic. Our survey highlights a gap in the literature. Because of inadequate data, prior studies have not been able to provide direct, statistical support for the hypothesis that network linkage can directly affect product/service adoption. Using a new data set that represents the adoption of a new telecommunications service, we show very strong support for the hypothesis. Specifically, we show three main results: (1) \"Network neighbors\"\u2014those consumers linked to a prior customer\u2014adopt the service at a rate 3\u20145 times greater than baseline groups selected by the best practices of the firm's marketing team. In addition, analyzing the network allows the firm to acquire new customers who otherwise would have fallen through the cracks, because they would not have been identified based on traditional attributes. (2) Statistical models, built with a very large amount of geographic, demographic and prior purchase data, are significantly and substantially improved by including network information. (3) More detailed network information allows the ranking of the network neighbors so as to permit the selection of small sets of individuals with very high probabilities of adoption.\n      </p>", "Feeding and marketing practices are related to weight loss of fed steers during marketing. Liveweight and carcass weight losses are higher if feed and water are withheld from steers before slaughter. Packers have incentive to require this practice because the liveweight-cost reduction exceeds the value of the lost weight.\n      </p>", "Are persistent marketing effects most likely to appear right after the introduction of a product? The authors give an affirmative answer to this question by developing a model that explicitly reports how persistent and transient marketing effects evolve over time. The proposed model provides managers with a valuable tool to evaluate their allocation of marketing expenditures over time. An application of the model to many pharmaceutical products, estimated through (exact initial) Kalman filtering, indicates that both persistent and transient effects occur predominantly immediately after a brand's introduction. Subsequently, the size of the effects declines. The authors theoretically and empirically compare their methodology with methodology based on unit root testing and demonstrate that the need for unit root tests creates difficulties in applying conventional persistence modeling. The authors recommend that marketing models should either accommodate persistent effects that change over time or be applied to mature brands or limited time windows only.\n      </p>", "In this article we build on the program of research in well-being marketing by further conceptualizing and refining the conceptual domain of the concept of consumer well-being (CWB). We then argue that well-being marketing is a business philosophy grounded in business ethics. We show how this philosophy is an ethical extension of relationship marketing (stakeholder theory in business ethics) and is superior to transactional marketing (a business philosophy grounded in the principles of consumer sovereignty). Additionally, we argue that well-being marketing is based on duty ethics concepts, specifically the duty of beneficence and non-maleficence. Subsequently, we show how the well-being concept guides marketing decisions for consumer goods firms.\n      </p>", "This paper seeks to determine the effect of changes in output price risk on marketing margins. A theoretical model of price determination in a marketing channel with risk-averse firms is developed. This model shows that if marketing firms are competitive and decreasingly absolute risk averse, then an increase in output price risk should result in higher expected marketing margins. Empirical evidence from the wheat marketing channel supports the theoretical model: increased price variability significantly increases wheat marketing margins for both the farm-mill margin and the mill-retail margin. These results suggest a potential benefit from price stabilization programs.\n      </p>", "Since it implies a reduction in the quality and the quantity of the natural resources, environmental degradation is a present day problem that requires immediate solutions. This situation is driving firms to undertake an environmental transformation process with the purpose of reducing the negative externalities that come from their economic activities. Within this context, environmental marketing is an emerging business philosophy by which organizations can address sustainability issues. Moreover, environmental marketing and orientation are seen as valuable strategies to improve a firm's competitiveness. However, the literature that has analyzed the link between environmental strategies and firms' results has been inconclusive and contradictory. In this study, we propose and test a model that analyses how the implementation of ecological issues within a firm's marketing strategy and orientation influences organizational results. Data were obtained through a survey sent to Spanish manufacturing firms. The results show that environmental marketing positively affects firms' operational and commercial performance and this improvement will influence their economic results. Moreover, environmental marketing is revealed as an excellent strategy to obtain competitive advantages in costs and in product differentiation. Thus, this study agrees with the researchers who affirm that environmental strategies positively affect firm's competitiveness while reducing environmental impact.\n      </p>", "In this paper we investigate the conjecture that increasing marketing mix specialization enhances firm performance. We start by identifying two dimensions of specialization - absolute (concentration of expenditures) and relative to competition (distinctiveness). We then propose underlying mechanisms that lead to effects of marketing mix specialization on firm performance. Using these guidelines we specify an empirical model that relates marketing mix specialization to firm performance. We estimate this model using PIMS data and find support for our propositions.\n      </p>", "Prior research has found that the announcement of marketing alliances tends to produce no effect on firm value creation in a high-tech context. This article reexamines this issue and investigates whether the characteristics of a firm's network of alliances affect the firm value created from the announcement of a new marketing alliance. The authors investigate whether network centrality, network density, network efficiency, network reputation, and marketing alliance capability influence firm value creation. They examine this question using an event study of 230 announcements for marketing alliances in the software industry. The results indicate that, in general, marketing alliance announcements create value (i.e., abnormal stock returns) for the firm in the announcement period event window. Furthermore, network efficiency and network density have the strongest positive impact when they are moderate; network reputation and network centrality have no effect. These results point to the greater role of relational network characteristics than size-/status-based benefits. Finally, marketing alliance capability, which reflects a firm's ability to manage a network of previous marketing alliances, has a positive impact on value creation.\n      </p>", "The marketing of alcohol produces a new challenge for policy development internationally, in part because of the increase in the use of new, unmeasured technologies. Many of these new developments are, as yet, relatively invisible in the policy arena. New approaches in branding, the utilization of marketing opportunities via branded events and new products provide additional complexity to attempts to monitor and to restrict the impact of marketing on young people and other vulnerable groups. Current attempts to restrict marketing globally, which rely primarily on voluntary codes and focus on traditional media, are inadequate to these challenges. A new statutory framework is required to enable the monitoring and control of the full marketing mix in ways which match the sophistication of the marketing efforts themselves.\n      </p>", "This study addresses a long-standing debate in the literature regarding the appropriateness and performance consequences of marketing strategy standardization vs. adaptation. Much of the relevant literature represents the headquarters' viewpoint and broadly assesses antecedents of standardization or adaptation across widely varying markets. Using strategic fit as the theoretical platform for analysis, the study investigates international marketing strategy for a specific product or line within subsidiaries of U.S., Japanese, and German multinational corporations (MNCs) operating in the U.K. The results indicate that degree of strategy standardization is significantly related to similarity between markets with respect to regulatory environments, technological intensity and velocity, customs and traditions, customer characteristics, a product's stage in its life cycle, and competitive intensity. On the critical question of performance consequences, the findings suggest that superior performance results from strategy standardization only to the extent that there is fit or coalignment between the MNC's environmental context and its international marketing strategy choice.\n      </p>", "Thirty-four years have passed since Levitt diagnosed marketing myopia. Despite significant technological refinement allowing accurate perception of customer needs, short-sightedness persists. This paper offers a rediagnosis of the problem as marketing presbyopia and argues that adoption of the strategic marketing concept, coupled with recognition of marketing influence on environments, leads toward corrective trifocals.\n      </p>", "This paper develops a marketing mix model under uncertainty using the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) valuation framework. The model is general because it treats price, advertising and personal selling simultaneously, and allows for general patterns of uncertainty. Because the manager often lacks precise quantitative information about the sales response function, the analysis focuses on the qualitative properties of the model. The methodology of comparative statics is used to determine how the marketing mix should be modified when market conditions change. Specifically, the comparative statics are shown to depend on how advertising and personal selling influence price-sensitivity, the interaction between advertising and personal selling and the relationship between sales and the return earned in the capital markets. The comparative statics for risk depend, in addition, on the precise mathematical form with which uncertainty enters the random demand function (i.e., additive, multiplicative or generalized). For example, suppose demand uncertainty increases in the additive case and sales covary positively with the return of the market portfolio. Then, if advertising and personal selling are complementary, advertising decreases if increased advertising and increased personal selling decreases price-sensitivity. However, if advertising and personal selling are substitues, then advertising decreases if increased advertising decreases price-sensitivity but increased personal selling increases price-sensitivity.\n      </p>", "Brand managers often design strategies to achieve multiple objectives, but how managers choose among alternatives and consequently how multiple objectives should be incorporated into models of marketing strategy have received little attention. This paper explores the incorporation of multiple objectives into models of optimal marketing strategies. We focus on one marketing strategy issue, defensive marketing strategy, and develop a multi-objective marketing strategy model. We derive optimal changes in price and advertising spending given the defending brand's multiple objectives. Our analysis produces new descriptive insights about the links between decision making and competition, as well as new insights into defensive marketing strategy. We also discuss the potential for future work along these lines and extensions in other areas of marketing strategy.\n      </p>", "The material to follow challenges the conceptual uniqueness and contribution of the content of the field of marketing ethics. Based on a comprehensive inspection of the marketing ethics literature, this \"review note\" (an uncommon genre of academic manuscript - a briefly-presented review highlighting a specific point) concludes that, in terms of pragmatic behavioral guidance as well as conceptual content, marketing ethics has nothing new nor distinctive to offer. Though an initially unexpected conclusion, perhaps, explanation is provided for why marketing ethics' absence of contribution is perfectly natural and appropriate. Evidence also is found to establish that the paper's contrarian-appearing position may not be extremist after all.\n      </p>", "The wholesale marketing structure for fresh vegetables includes linkages between groups of producer-oriented, consumer-oriented, and redistribution markets. Archaic conditions within this structure have contributed to faster rises in prices of fresh than of processed vegetables. The marketing of fresh vegetables is changing rapidly, however, as chain stores and other large firms seek to lower costs through bypassing segments of the structure and through purchasing directly from shipping points. A new structure seems to be emerging; bargaining associations are replacing producer-oriented markets; small, inefficient markets are being eliminated; direct shipping is increasing; facilities are being improved; and some terminal markets are merging with wholesale food distribution centers that serve larger areas than are presently served by most terminals.\n      </p>", "This statement is a summary of the basic ideas or convictions about marketing which are shared by the marketing faculty of The Ohio State University. It was formulated by them in order to provide the faculty with a formally stated sense of purpose... a means of unifying individual efforts... a tool for achieving consistency... a guideline for maintaining charted courses... a basis for evaluating marketing educational and research programs... a prerequisite to the development of a formally stated philosophy of marketing education... and a statement to clarify their views to the academic and business community.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a dynamic model of how profit-maximizing farmers would vote on marketing order rules given that new firms will enter, based on rational expectations (perfect foresight) about the path profits follow. Early entrants make large short-run gains while, in the long run, marginal firms break even. Welfare analyses under a dynamic model differ substantially from the static analyses normally reported.\n      </p>", "Future comparative marketing studies will profit from a conceptual framework of what must be compared among marketing systems. Unlike other constructs proposed, this one focuses on comparing marketing systems, rather than on analyzing the impact of their environment.\n      </p>", "Initial product, distribution, marketing expenditure, and price reactions by incumbents are examined for 115 entrants into oligopolistic markets. The most common reaction pattern is either no reaction or only a single reaction. It is very unusual for entrants to face reactions across the entire marketing mix. Reactions in the first two years after entry are explained as a function of the entrant's strategy, incumbent characteristics, and industry characteristics. The explanation provides insights into why marketing mix reactions to entry are often limited.\n      </p>", "This paper aims to examine the role(s) that the various vehicles of marketing communications can play with respect to communicating, publicising and highlighting organisational CSR policies to its various stakeholders. It will further endeavour to evaluate the impact of such communications on an organisation's corporate reputation and brand image. The proliferation of unsubstantiated ethical claims and so-called 'green washing' by some companies has resulted in increasing consumer cynicism and mistrust. This has made the task of communicating with, and more importantly convincing, an organisation's stakeholders vis-\u00e0-vis its CSR credentials even more difficult. This paper argues that marketing communications tools can play a major role in conveying a company's CSR messages and communicating a more socially responsible image.\n      </p>", "Marketing as a function and a profession suffers from the tyranny of exceedingly low expectations. Rather than accept that most customers view most marketing actions in a negative light and that the response rates to marketing initiatives must remain extremely low because of competitive pressures, marketing must raise its aspirations. It must articulate and enforce high standards for what is deemed to be acceptable marketing practice, using mechanisms analogous to GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) in accounting.\n      </p>", "Several marketing applications of the Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) are reviewed. The paper starts with a brief description of this process, which was developed by Thomas Saaty in 1971, including an eight-point outline of how to apply it. The thrust of the paper is a discussion of a number of illustrative applications of the AHP covering the following areas: 1. the portfolio decisions of a firm whose management is concerned with the determination of the desired target portfolio and allocation of resources among its components, 2. determination of the directions for new product development, and 3. generation and evaluation of marketing mix strategies. Various suggestions for additional research on the AHP and its marketing applications are highlighted.\n      </p>", "The influence of alcohol advertising on young people continues to be the subject of much debate. This paper presents a review of the literature showing that, while many econometric studies suggest little effect, more focused consumer studies, especially recent ones with sophisticated designs, do show clear links between advertising and behaviour. Furthermore, these effects have to be viewed in combination with the possible impact of other marketing activities such as price promotions, distribution, point of sale activity and new product development. Here, the evidence base is less well developed, but there are indications of effects. It must be acknowledged that categorical statements of cause and effect are always difficult in the social sciences; marketing is a complex phenomenon involving the active participation of consumers as well as marketers and more research is needed on its cumulative impact. Nonetheless, the literature presents an increasingly compelling picture that alcohol marketing is having an effect on young people's drinking.\n      </p>", "This article is concerned with an understanding of strategic marketing and with the differentiation and clarification of concepts used in conjunction with strategic marketing. Essentially, strategic marketing is concerned with developing marketing strategy. It focuses explicitly on the quest for long-run competitive and consumer advantage; and has a high degree of overlap with overall business strategy and can be viewed as an integral part of business strategy. Strategic marketing is different from market management (although related) which deals with formulation and implementation of marketing programs to support marketing strategy. Marketing strategy evolves as a consequence of an interplay of three strategic inputs and the processes which act on them. The inputs are related to the firm's customers, its competition, and its strengths. The marketing strategy explicitly identifies the markets in which to compete, the basis for the competitive advantage, and the timing of market moves. Given the marketing strategy, marketing management focuses on marketing program development or marketing mix; structuring the organization to establish authority-responsibility patterns, and to create information networks; developing a short-term marketing plan for budgeting and allocating resources; and establishing control and feedback mechanisms to measure performance and seek changes.\n      </p>", "In this study, we examine the extent to which foreign subsidiaries are responsible for the development and implementation of marketing activities, as compared with these activities being controlled by headquarters. We propose and test a model of conditions that affect such headquarters and subsidiary roles, and explore the extent to which the alignment of these roles with certain conditions is associated with product performance. Our findings suggest that the more closely headquarters and subsidiary roles in marketing activities are aligned with relational, industry, and market conditions, the greater market share tends to be.\n      </p>", "Order of entry has been demonstrated to have a significant effect on market share. A number of explanations for this effect have been suggested in the marketing and strategy literatures. To date, the market share advantage gained by pioneers has typically been treated as a main effect-an automatic regularity. Treating order-of-entry as a main effect implies that there is no penalty on the effectiveness of a brand's marketing instruments for late entry and that a late entrant can compensate for being late by dedicating sufficient marketing resources to their product. In this study, we investigate the influence of order-of-entry into a market on the effectiveness of a firm's marketing mix decisions by asking the question, \"Can followers compensate for not being first by their marketing mix decisions?\" Also, even if they can compensate for being late, does this effort become increasingly more difficult with later entry? That is, are there asymmetries in the effectiveness of a brand's marketing mix variables that relate to its order of entry into the market, or as has been typically assumed to date, is order of entry strictly a main effect? An asymmetry exists, for example, if the market response to advertising is different for the first entrant versus the second or third entrant. An asymmetry also exists if the effects of, say, a price change by the first entrant on the second entrant are different than the effects on the third entrant. We develop a market share attraction model where the parameters vary as a function of order-of-entry. Our main contribution is in modeling the sources of order-of-entry advantage as asymmetrics in the effectiveness of a brand's marketing instruments. Hence, distinct from previous research we explain why there are inherent order-of-entry effects. This paper is potentially of interest to researchers developing market share models and studying the effectiveness of marketing-mix variables. The substantive implication of our results concern directly academics interested in marketing strategy as well as the practicing marketing strategists. We model asymmetries in the market response of early entrants versus late entrants using data from two durables and three nondurables categories. With one exception, all data sets are established from the inception of the category and hence do not suffer from the possible bias of excluding pioneers who have failed. Results show that asymmetries in the effectiveness of a brand's marketing mix variables are an essential source of order-of-entry effects; we find that the main effects of order of entry are minimal. Order-of-entry effects do not necessarily lead to lower shares, but overcoming these effects is not without substantial cost to the late entrant. Our results support previous research that has demonstrated advantages to early entry. In addition, we provide guidelines for how late entrants should compete. Later entry tends to reduce a competitor's price sensitivity, suggesting that they not instigate in a price war with earlier entrants in order to gain share. Order-of-entry tends to decrease response to quality and to promotion. To achieve the same impact on market share, later entrants need a bigger change in quality and need to spend more on promotion. Our data did not support an asymmetric effect on advertising.\n      </p>", "MIS managers generally have not stressed the marketing aspects of their operations. A more widespread concern is with the shortage of systems analyst and programmer resources. In an effort to learn how one group of MIS managers views their marketing responsibilities and practices in a shortage era, a study was conducted and the results were used to describe both short term and long term MIS marketing plans. These plans are developed by identifying critical areas in the organization in light of corporate objectives, user needs, and MIS resources.\n      </p>", "This paper builds on previous work by Sirgy, M. J. (1999), Journal of Business Ethics 19, 193-206, dealing with issues of code of conduct of marketing educators. Sirgy developed a discussion document outlining a semblance of what might be construed as a code of ethics for marketing educators. The discussion document was debated and accompanied by three commentaries (Ferrell, O. C.: 1999, Journal of Business Ethics 19, 225-228; Kurtz, D. L.: 1999, Journal of Business Ethics 19, 207-209; Malhotra, N. and G. L. Miller: 1999, Journal of Business Ethics 19, 211-224). One conclusion derived from the discussion document and the commentaries is the need to develop a code of ethics involving behaviors that most marketing educators find morally unacceptable. The current paper reports on a descriptive study involving a survey of marketing educators in which survey respondents were asked to rate the extent to which certain behaviors are deemed acceptable or unacceptable. The results of the survey identified certain behaviors deemed unacceptable by the vast majority of survey respondents. This evidence of hypernorms (a concept derived from social contract theory) within the community of marketing educators was used to propose an initial code of ethics.\n      </p>", "Marketing activities are introduced into a rational expectations model of the food marketing system. The model is used to evaluate effects of alternative marketing technologies on the distribution of the benefits of contingency markets in agriculture. Benefits depend on two parameters: the cost share of farm inputs and the elasticity of substitution between farm and nonfarm inputs in food marketing. Over a broad spectrum of technologies, consumers are likely to be the net beneficiaries and farmers the net losers from the provision of contingency markets.\n      </p>", "The launch of a new product or service via direct marketing is nearly always preceded by a test of that offering. Such a \"live\" test, conducted with a subset of the entire list of customer prospects, can sometimes be useful in a \"go/no-go\" decision regarding a full-scale launch of the offering. More commonly, the test is used to direct the offering more effectively toward the market segments that appear most promising. Specifically, test results are used and useful to determine whether a particular rental list of customer prospects should indeed be rented, and (for both rental and in-house lists) which specific customer segments should be contacted with the offering. This paper examines the effectiveness of managers' decisions related to designing a test and interpreting test results both conceptually-based on the literature of heuristics and biases in expert judgments-and empirically, for two new direct marketing offers. The paper describes how an interplay of management judgment and statistical models can lead to increased profits for new direct marketing offerings.\n      </p>", "Working with brand managers at Holland Fast Moving Company (HFMC), we designed a marketing-management-support system, BRANDFRAME. In conducting the project, we (1) examined the decision situation; (2) examined the existing marketing-management-support system; (3) determined what type of decision support best fits the tasks of the brand managers; (4) developed and implemented the software; (5) obtained feedback from the managers who worked with the software; and (6) adapted and extended the system. BRANDFRAME contains a combination of academic and practical knowledge and integrates all the information needed by the brand manager in one system. The system does not replace the brand manager but, in an interactive way, acts as a sparring partner. The system was very well received by the managers who worked with it and has shown that customizing decision-support systems for specific marketing jobs (in this case, the brand manager) may well be an important factor for the success of marketing-management-support systems.\n      </p>", "This paper analyzes how a firm should adjust its marketing expenditures and its price to defend its position in an existing market from attack by a competitive new product. Our focus is to provide usable managerial recommendations on the strategy of response. In particular we show that if products can be represented by their position in a multiattribute space, consumers are heterogeneous and maximize utility, and awareness advertising and distribution can be summarized by response functions, then for the profit maximizing firm: bullet it is optimal to decrease awareness advertising, bullet it is optimal to decrease the distribution budget unless the new product can be kept out of the market. bullet a price increase may be optimal, and bullet even under the optimal strategy, profits decrease as a result of the competitive new product. Furthermore, if the consumer tastes are uniformly distributed across the spectrum bullet a price decrease increases defensive profits. bullet it is optimal (at the margin) to improve product quality in the direction of the defending product's strength and bullet it is optimal (at the margin) to reposition by advertising in the same direction. In addition we provide practical procedures to estimate (1) the distribution of consumer tastes and (2) the position of the new product in perceptual space from sales data and knowledge of the percent of consumers who are aware of the new product and find it available. Competitive diagnostics, such as the angle of attack, are introduced to help the defending manager.\n      </p>", "Marketing techniques have considerable potential for facilitating the acceptance of parent education programs. A case example is presented which illustrates the use of market assessment to inform the marketing of preventive parenting programs for fathers, working parents, single parents, and stepparents. The assessment surveyed 300 parents using a questionnaire that tapped seven areas: general family concept, family communication and the balancing of family roles, previous service utilization, interest in participating in parent programs, factors bearing on the decision to participate, responsiveness to various forms of advertising, and demographics. The results (descriptive statistics, cross-tabulations, and multiple regression analyses) are discussed in terms of how they informed the shaping of four elements of the \"marketing mix\"--product, price, place, and promotion.\n      </p>", "Channel optimization in multiple-channel systems is a basic problem in marketing and one which has not received much attention in the literature. A model is presented which simultaneously solves three distribution decisions-the manufacturer's choice of channels (channel strategy), the number of outlets to operate within each channel (channel intensity), and the pricing structure between channels (channel management). The general form of this model is not solvable by conventional programming techniques because it is intrinsically nonconvex. The paper shows how signomial geometric programming can provide a theoretically attractive and practical solution procedure. The model is estimated and solved on a real-life case study and the important managerial and theoretical implications are discussed.\n      </p>", "We examined nine marketing textbooks, published since 1927, to see if they contained useful marketing principles. Four doctoral students found 566 normative statements about pricing, product, place, or promotion in these texts. None of these statements were supported by empirical evidence. Four raters agreed on only twenty of these 566 statements as providing meaningful principles. Twenty marketing professors rated whether the twenty meaningful principles were correct, supported by empirical evidence, useful, or surprising. None met all the criteria. Nine were judged to be nearly as correct when their wording was reversed.\n      </p>", "Theories from information systems and strategic marketing are integrated to develop a framework for understanding the direct, mediated, and moderated influences of contextual marketing and customer-orientation strategy on site satisfaction. Empirical testing shows that customers' perceived contextual marketing and customer-oriented strategies are associated with site satisfaction and loyalty. Departing from the simple linear-association approach, the study also investigates the moderating role of privacy concerns and site design complexity and the mediating role of perceived site value. It finds that the influence of contextual marketing and customer-orientation strategy on site satisfaction is moderated by the perceived complexity of the site design but not by consumer privacy concerns. These influences may also be mediated by perceived site value. Overall, the contextual marketing approach of providing personalized, real-time information to customers at the point of need will obtain competitive advantage in e-commerce.\n      </p>", "The order selection process for firms operating in markets characterized by standard products as well as strong product customization, is directly tied to the customer and to the associated production costs. This order selection process must be inter-functional with marketing and manufacturing in deciding which orders to accept, specially since the selection criteria used by marketing and manufacturing tend to differ. This paper develops a methodology/mathematical programming model for improving this coordination through an optimal selection of sales orders, such that the total financial contribution of selected orders is maximized. Based on an actual case study in the pigment manufacturing industry, the methodology provides for a user interface that addresses both the manufacturing and marketing department. More importantly, such a marketing/production coordination allows for improved performance in increasingly segmented (customized) markets, while continuing standard product lines as well.\n      </p>", "Models and scientific evidence suggest that firms are more successful at new-product development if there is greater communication among marketing, engineering, and manufacturing. This paper examines communication patterns for two matched product-development teams where the key difference between the groups is that one used a phase-review development process and the other used Quality Function Deployment (QFD), a product-development process adopted recently at over 100 United States and Japanese firms. To our knowledge, this is the first head-to-head comparison of traditional U.S. product development processes with QFD. Our data suggest that QFD enhances communication levels within the core team (marketing, engineering, manufacturing). QFD changes communication patterns from \"up-over-down\" flows through management to more horizontal routes where core team members communicate directly with one another. On the other hand, the QFD team communicates less on planning information and less with members of the firm external to the team. If this paucity of external communication means that the team has the information it needs for product development, and the QFD process has provided an effective means for moving the information through the team, it is a positive impact of QFD. If the result means that QFD induces team insularity, even when the team needs to reach out to external information sources, it is a cause for concern.\n      </p>", "Bayesian methods have become widespread in marketing literature. We review the essence of the Bayesian approach and explain why it is particularly useful for marketing problems. While the appeal of the Bayesian approach has long been noted by researchers, recent developments in computational methods and expanded availability of detailed marketplace data has fueled the growth in application of Bayesian methods in marketing. We emphasize the modularity and flexibility of modern Bayesian approaches. The usefulness of Bayesian methods in situations in which there is limited information about a large number of units or where the information comes from different sources is noted. We include an extensive discussion of open issues and directions for future research.\n      </p>", "While there is a significant amount of research investigating managerial ethical judgments, a limited amount examines consumer judgments of unethical corporate behavior and its impact on the marketplace. This study examines how consumers' commitment to a company impacts not only their ethical judgment of corporate behavior but also the outcomes of that judgment. The authors test hypotheses with data from 334 consumers and find that consumers' level of commitment attenuates the level of perceived fairness. More specifically, highly committed consumers may forgive companies for behaviors when perceived harm is low, but become progressively dissatisfied as the level of perceived harm increases. Results of the study point to the importance of considering ethical behavior from a consumer perspective. If corporate actions are perceived as unethical, the company stands to lose favor with their most committed customers. Considering that more time, effort and investment is required to gain a new customer as to retain an old, this study shows that engaging in behavior perceived as unethical by consumers risks alienating the most committed customers.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this paper is to critically explore the construct of entrepreneurial marketing (EM). This term is used as an integrative conceptualization that reflects such alternative perspectives as guerrilla marketing, radical marketing, expeditionary marketing, disruptive marketing and others. Seven core dimensions of EM are identified, and an underlying theoretical foundation based on resource advantage theory is proposed. A conceptual model is introduced of key factors surrounding the phenomenon of entrepreneurial marketing. Conclusions and implications are drawn for theory and practice, and priorities are proposed for continuing research.\n      </p>", "We introduce Dynamic Multilevel Modeling (DMLM) to a multicatalog-brand environment to determine the optimal frequency, size, and customer segmentation of direct marketing activities. This optimization method leverages multicatalog-brand effects including the utilization of prior customer ordering behavior, maximization of customer value and customer share, and economies of scale and scope in printing and mailing. This enhancement of the original DMLM-approach is called Dynamic Multidimensional Marketing (DMDM). With DMLM alone, Rhenania, a German direct mail order company, turned its catalog mailing practices around and consequently rose from the number 5 to the number 2 market position. The DMLM approach was so effective that two major competitors could be bought out. Improvements provided by DMDM were threefold: more efficient resource allocation across all catalog brands, more accurate customer microsegmentation, and more effective reactivation. Presently, the company's target is to transform single-brand customer relationships into two-or three-brand relationships with higher revenue per customer. As a consequence, the Rhenania group's performance was decoupled from the overall market trend.\n      </p>", "Recent demographic changes indicate the increasing importance of ethnic minority consumers in American society. A review of practices of marketing towards ethnic minorities reveals several perspectives: traditional marketing, separated marketing, integrated marketing and multicultural marketing. The article adapts research in international marketing and proposes a framework of four distinctive strategies for marketing to ethnic consumers: total standardization, product adaptation, advertising adaptation and ethnic marketing. Factors that influence the selection and implementation of the strategies are examined, such as product preference, ethnic identification, acculturation and advertising responses. Managerial implications for firms to reach ethnic markets are discussed.\n      </p>", "The Dorfman-Steiner Theorem has provided the marketing community with a powerful result for allocating resources between competing marketing mix variables. It is well known that the optimal allocation of resources is in direct proportion to their demand elasticities. To implement this result, the marketing manager must know the elasticities of the various marketing elements under his/her control. Since the precise values of these elasticities is rarely, if ever, known, the manager must use estimates of the elasticities in allocating the resources. Point estimates of the elasticities can be obtained from laboratory or field experiments and from econometric models. In both cases, these estimates are known with uncertainty. This paper discusses the appropriate method for incorporating uncertainties in the point estimates of the elasticities to yield rigorous confidence intervals applicable to the ratio of the elasticities. An empirical example is used to illustrate the methodology.\n      </p>", "Frameworks of the marketing system and the change process are developed to improve the manager's awareness of what can be done to increase the probability of successfully implementing change.\n      </p>", "Long-term marketing effectiveness is a high-priority research topic for managers, and emerges from the complex interplay among dynamic reactions of several market players. This paper introduces restricted /// ab]policy simulations to distinguish four dynamic forces: consumer response, competitor response, company inertia, and company support. A rich marketing dataset allows the analysis of price, display, feature, advertising, and product-line extensions. The first finding is that consumer response differs significantly from the net effectiveness of product-line extensions, price, feature, and advertising. In particular, net sales effects are up to five times stronger and longerlasting than consumer response. Second, this difference is not due to competitor response, but to company action. For tactical actions (price and feature), it takes the form of inertia, as promotions last for several weeks. For strategic actions (advertising and product-line extensions), support by other marketing instruments greatly enhances dynamic consumer response. This company action negates the postpromotion dip in consumer response, and enhances the long-term sales benefits of product-line extensions, feature, and advertising. Therefore, managers are urged to evaluate company decision rules for inertia and support when assessing long-term marketing effectiveness.\n      </p>", "Objective: To describe the nature and extent of tobacco company sponsorship in the USA during the period 1995-99 and analyse this sponsorship in a marketing context. Design: A cross-sectional study of tobacco company sponsorships identified through a customised research report from IEG Inc, and from internet web site searches. Methods: First, a customised report was received from IEG Inc, which identified sponsorship activities for Philip Morris, RJ Reynolds, Brown &amp; Williamson, Lorillard, and US Tobacco for the years 1997 and 1998. Second, the internet was systematically searched for tobacco industry sponsorships during the period 1995-99 by the same parent companies and their respective brands. Results: During the period 1995-99, tobacco companies sponsored at least 2733 events, programmes, and organisations in the USA. Sponsorships involved all 50 states and the District of Columbia, and the minimum total funding amount of these sponsorships was $365.4 million. Tobacco corporate sponsorships involved numerous small, community based organisations, both through direct funding and through grants to larger umbrella organisations, and many of these organisations were part of the public health infrastructure. Conclusions: Tobacco corporate sponsorship serves as an important marketing tool for tobacco companies, serving both a sales promotion and public relations function. Public health practitioners need to develop better surveillance systems for monitoring tobacco sponsorship, to seek out alternative funding sources for tobacco company sponsored events and organisations, and to consider promoting a ban on tobacco sponsorship, possibly linking such regulation to the creation of alternative funding sources.\n      </p>", "The number of firms carrying a cause-related product has significantly increased in recent years. We consider a duopoly model of competition between firms in two products to determine which products a firm will link to a cause. We first test the behavioral underpinnings of our model in two laboratory experiments to demonstrate the existence of both a direct utility benefit to consumers from cause marketing (CM) and a spillover benefit onto other products in the portfolio. Linking one product in a product portfolio to a cause can therefore increase sales both of that product and, via a spillover effect, of other products in the firm's portfolio. We construct a CM game in which each firm chooses which products, if any, to place on CM. In the absence of a spillover benefit, a firm places a product on CM if and only if it can increase its price by enough to compensate for the cost of CM. Thus, in equilibrium, firms either have both products or neither, product on CM. However, with the introduction of a spillover benefit to the second product, this result changes. We show that if a single firm in the market links only one product to a cause, it can raise prices on both products and earn a higher profit. We assume each firm has an advantage in one product and show that there is an equilibrium in which each firm links only its disadvantaged product to a cause. If the spillover effect is strong, there is a second equilibrium in which each firm links only its advantaged product to a cause. In each case, firms raise their prices on both products and earn higher profits than when neither firm engages in CM. We also show that a firm will never place its entire portfolio on CM. Overall, our work implies that, by carrying cause-related products, companies can not only improve their image in the public eye but also increase profits.\n      </p>", "Research linking marketing to financial performance has predominantly focused on how marketing assets and actions add value. The authors argue that it is equally important to understand how marketing decisions can reduce firm value. Prior research has indicated that negative events vary greatly in their indirect costs to the firm. On the basis of established theory and in-depth interviews with practitioners, the authors identify a set of factors that can explain the heterogeneity in the magnitude of indirect costs associated with negative marketing-related events. Specifically, they address how the regulatory exposure of deceptive marketing, which carries no direct cost to the firm, affects shareholder value. Using an event study, the analysis shows that incidents of exposed deceptive marketing are associated with significant, negative abnormal returns amounting to a drop of 1%, which translates into a wealth loss of $86 million for the median-sized firm in the sample. In explaining the variation in magnitude of the impact between events, the authors find that, in general, event characteristics are more significant than firm and brand characteristics. When deception is highly egregious or directed at vulnerable populations, firm value is more negatively affected than when the potential to mislead and harm is not readily verifiable. Furthermore, when the cited product has substantial brand market share, the levels of egregiousness and target audience explain substantially more of the variation in event impact than when brand market share is low. The results are robust to alternative stock-portfolio-based measures of abnormal returns, model specification, heteroskedasticity, and examination of risk. The authors' framework and analysis have implications for Wall Street executives, Main Street managers, academic researchers, and public policy makers.\n      </p>", "Marketing assistance loan (MAL) and loan deficiency payment (LDP) programs differ in their treatment of transportation costs. Marketing decisions are analyzed under these programs when producers are differentiated by location with respect to the terminal market. Under certain conditions, a complete characterization of equilibrium is developed. The proposed model broadly fits several \"stylized\" facts about producer enrollment in these programs. If LDPs are uniform at all locations, LDP programs do not interfere with marketing decisions. MAL programs distort the optimal marketing pattern by providing incentives to store for producers who should be among the first ones to supply the market.\n      </p>", "The Canadian Wheat Board (CWB) is a statutory marketing authority with exclusive control over exports of Canadian wheat and barley and sole authority over domestic marketing of milling wheat and malting barley. It is a government marketing board with implicit monopoly rights over the supply of wide-ranging marketing services to farmers, but with no legal responsibility to farmers. These characteristics fit a stylized Niskanen model of bureaucratic decision making, where the CWB is modeled as supplying excess marketing services to farmers. Allowing the market to determine the quantity of marketing services would result in lower marketing costs and presumably higher farm incomes.\n      </p>", "This paper develops a methodology for modeling consumer response that integrates previous research in stochastic brand selection, diffusion of innovation, test market analysis, and new product design. The methodology makes it practical to extend brand selection models to include diffusion phenomena such as awareness, trial, and information flow. Purchase timing and brand selection are interdependent and both phenomena depend jointly on managerial controls such as advertising, coupons, price-off promotion, product positioning, and consumer characteristics. Within this general structure, we provide practical estimation procedures (a least squares approximation to the maximum likelihood estimates) to determine the parameters which link managerial controls to consumer response. Closed form solutions are derived for cumulative awareness, cumulative trial, penetration, expected sales, and purchases due to promotion-all as a function of time. We also provide simplified expressions for equilibrium (t \u2192 \u221e) market share. Tradeoffs among complexity of the diffusion process, number of managerial variables, nonstationarity, complexity of purchase timing, consumer segmentation, and sample size are made explicit so that the marketing scientist can customize his analyses to the managerial problems that he faces. The effects of sample size, data interval frequency, and collinearity in the explanatory variables are investigated with simulations based on a five-state consumer response process which depends on 8-10 marketing variables. The paper closes with a brief description of the application and predictive test of a consumer response model based on the methodology.\n      </p>", "Globalization, technological developments, and consumer concerns press farmers and food producers to enhance product innovation and to seek more efficient production and distribution structures. These changes in agrifood markets shift the relative importance of the investments by different chain partners. It may therefore be necessary to change the allocation of ownership of essential assets to induce agents to make those investments that generate the chain optimum. This article analyzes the impact of ownership structure on investments in a three-tier supply chain from an incomplete contracting perspective. Circumstances are determined in which a marketing cooperative is the unique first-best ownership structure.\n      </p>", "Because of its boundary-spanning role in the firm, the marketing organization must simultaneously develop new capabilities while also focusing managers limited attention on current goals and sources of revenue. This is especially true in fast-changing and technologically dynamic market environments and is crucial in that portion of marketing activity called selling. This article, via a longitudinal study of IBM's field marketing operations, empahasizes the \"agenda setting\" and \"incubating\" aspects of traditional organizational structures (rather than new organizational forms) in meeting these requirements. It suggests a view of strategy-organization relationships that stresses the enabling constraints of formal structures, and it discusses some key benefits, costs, and prerequisites of marketing reorganizations.\n      </p>", "To determine whether a theory of emotions in marketing is needed, this article assesses the current theoretical status of emotions in marketing. The theoretical propositions and the characteristics of four major theories of emotions borrowed from psychology, as well as five marketing accounts for emotions are reviewed. The characteristics of emotions in marketing are specified and compared with the characteristics of emotions as seen by psychology. The article ends with four theoretical proposals on directions for future development of a theory of emotions in marketing.\n      </p>", "Maintaining a high level of customer service quality is necessary for success, particularly for firms in service industries, but employees need to be motivated to provide it. Management can provide the motivation through the use of compensation schemes and internal marketing. In this paper we examine profit sharing compensation schemes that reward employees for achieving customer service objectives. We discuss how such schemes should be implemented, and explain why management needs to convince employees through internal marketing programs about the benefits of its scheme. We obtain the optimal amount of profit that the firm should share with employees, and the optimal effort it should spend on internal marketing. Finally, we relate the analysis to a successful scheme implemented by Continental Airlines.\n      </p>", "This exploratory study investigated the relationship among use of various co-ordinating mechanisms, degree of consensus between marketing and manufacturing groups, and marketplace performance reputation. Consensus between marketing and manufacturing groups on key competitive strengths, company goals, and implementation actions was measured in 15 firms in the carpet industry. Those firms which made more frequent use of planning techniques (formal forecasting procedures, management-by-objectives linked to performance appraisal, and a written strategic plan) experienced higher levels of interdepartmental consensus. Consensus between departments was strongly related to marketplace performance reputation.\n      </p>", "A decision support system for planning marketing strategies and allocating resources for a multi-store retailer is described. This decision support system combines well-known model building and analysis methodology, sophisticated computer software, and attention to management's implementation needs in order to apply management science thinking to messy, high level strategy and forecasting problems. The system consists of a planning model, national campaign evaluation system, experimental analysis system, and an ongoing interactive data base and reporting system. The planning model was first implemented with subjective judgment as input. The rest of the system was then refined to aid management in improving their subjective judgments, and for tracking and control. The marketing mix for total and business entity (groups of departments) sales is presently being planned with the support of this system. Profit improvements have been identified and implemented.\n      </p>", "Citation analysis indicates that the Journal of Marketing and the Journal of Marketing Research contribute primarily to marketing and other business areas as opposed to nonbusiness social sciences. The journals are also heavily cited by practitioner-oriented publications. A list of most cited articles is provided.\n      </p>", "Feeding and marketing strategies for cull beef cows were analyzed by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming model which allowed simultaneous determination of optimal selling time and feeding levels until sale. The state variables were cow weight and monthly price; the latter was estimated statistically as a first-order autoregressive process with parameters changing monthly. Results for Montana cow prices at Billings suggested substantial gains to feeding healthy cows through the winter instead of immediate sale after fall culling.\n      </p>", "The total marketing concept acknowledges that the business of business is the creating and fulfilling of product user needs and desires at a profit, and that every part of a business should be oriented to this objective. Accurate problem definition is a requisite to any good business decision. Once the basic problems have been determined, we are well on the way toward solving them. This article illustrates how the Agricultural Division of the American Cyanamid Company utilizes the total marketing concept and the principle of problem definition in operating a highly diversified business with widely varying market segmentation and marketing mix requirements.\n      </p>"], "words": {"limited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dynamic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "manager": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "follow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "centers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feeding": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "clarification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 38, "prob": 0.0003146880654551176}, "uniqueness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stochastic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "endogenous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "activities": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "conjecture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "alternatives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "every": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crops": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adjust": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enhance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facilitating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "direct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "likely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "design": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "perspective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "even": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "appear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assistance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "product,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "emotions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "uniform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "volatile": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "firms": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "increasing": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "seeks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "desires": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operating": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managerial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thirty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canadian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "globalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amount": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "simultaneous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "advertising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "published": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "via": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addresses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "actions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "total": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "use": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "from": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "marketers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "working": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fortune": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asset": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "type": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "successful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "share": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "company": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "integration,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carrying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "must": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customer": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "market,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "challenge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "architectural,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concepts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "strategies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "activities,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "neglected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "indicates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marginalized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "needs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "productive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "methodology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "widespread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsidiaries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "product": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "minority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "after": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "respective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applications": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "produce": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ethnic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "types": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 54, "prob": 0.0004471883035414829}, "entry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "decreasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "operations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "development,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "help": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "producer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "produces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hierarchy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "soon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "expectations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "suboptimal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "actually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "systems": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "policy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mail": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contextual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "setting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "motivated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "direct,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "material": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "effects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tourism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "day": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maintaining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fully": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "university": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reactions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "weight": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internationally,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "literature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "laboratory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "margins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initiatives": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "alcohol": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "profit": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "integrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "research": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internet": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "selection,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cause": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incentives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "globalization,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "definition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "launch": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incorporated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "industrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faculty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comprised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "channels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "done": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "directly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "little": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "management": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "service": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "indicate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "top": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "construct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "attack": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intermediate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "acquire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immediate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diffusion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professionals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "television": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "and": {"number": 46, "prob": 0.00038093818449830025}, "have": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seek": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "orders": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "law,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploratory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predominantly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oriented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mix": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concerns": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "build": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "objective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "performance": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "mis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "channel": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "calculus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "posits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "price": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "assesses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "america": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 86, "prob": 0.0007121887797142135}, "preferences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "especially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mobile": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "popularity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sale": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumer": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "notion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "impact": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implementation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heavily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analytic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achieve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "degradation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nearly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conjunction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unethical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "areas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gray": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "summary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ohio": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "new,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "best": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "federal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "closed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conceptual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "boundary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "infrastructure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complementary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interface": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industries,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "received": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uncertainty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contract": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foreign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attributes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whole": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "co": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "proved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acceptance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "been": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "strategy": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "reduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "citation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controlled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requires": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bayesian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "empirical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frameworks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entrepreneurial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "investigating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interconnected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "employees": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 19, "prob": 0.0001573440327275588}, "level,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "elicit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "in": {"number": 30, "prob": 0.00024843794641193494}, "comparative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alliances": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allocating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expenditures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "specialization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "products": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "convictions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "used": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "producers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "user": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maximizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "position": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "corporate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "livestock": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "judgments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "buildings,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differentiation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "announcement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sciences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capabilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instrument": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "add": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customization,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "board": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "customers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "department": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "game": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preference": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "press": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accepted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vertically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "necessary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "always": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "output": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "essential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "right": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incumbents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "deal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pricing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matching": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "strategic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "focused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 20, "prob": 0.00016562529760795664}, "decision": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "linkages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "wheat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scientific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "marketing": {"number": 64, "prob": 0.0005300009523454613}, "journal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "predicting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manufacturing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "manufacturer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "about": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "goods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 85, "prob": 0.0007039075148338157}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduced": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consequently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farmers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "converging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managers": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "into": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "profession": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "primarily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valuable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vegetables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "low": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "opposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brand": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "but": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "technologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promote": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "with": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "considerable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "builds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "until": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marketplace": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interventions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sales": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "at": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "accounting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modeling": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "education": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "profit,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "distribution,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "separate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "m": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "includes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develops": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "network": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "building": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "invest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "persistent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "departments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fresh": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}