{"total_words": 1654, "documents": ["An object oriented approach to programming of music analysis is described. Different kinds of structural analysis are shown, ranging from simple melodic analysis, through harmonic analysis to cluster analysis used for analysis of modern music.\n      </p>", "Does music make you smarter? Music listening and music lessons have been claimed to confer intellectual advantages. Any association between music and intellectual functioning would be notable only if the benefits apply reliably to nonmusical abilities and if music is unique in producing the effects. The available evidence indicates that music listening leads to enhanced performance on a variety of cognitive tests, but that such effects are short-term and stem from the impact of music on arousal level and mood, which, in turn, affect cognitive performance; experiences other than music listening have similar effects. Music lessons in childhood tell a different story. They are associated with small but general and long-lasting intellectual benefits that cannot be attributed to obvious confounding variables such as family income and parents' education. The mechanisms underlying this association have yet to be determined.\n      </p>", "It has been reported that if music is realized as nominally described by the score, a musically unacceptable performance emerges. Music interpretation is necessary to generate a musically acceptable performance. We have been constructing a rule-based music interpretation system that generates sophisticated performance from a printed music score. The whole performance data are given by the product of expression of each dynamic mark explicitly drawn in the score and expression of analyzed motives. This paper describes the function of learning how to play music, which is the most important process in music interpretation. The target to be learned are expression rules and grouping strategy; expression rules are used in order to convert dynamic marks and motives into concrete performance data, and grouping strategy is used in order to extract motives from note sequence. They are learned from the given virtuoso performance. The delicate control of attack-timing, duration and strength of notes are extracted by the music transcription function. The performance rules are learned by investigating how the same or similar musical primitives are played in the performance. As for the grouping strategy, the system analyzes how the player grouped music, and registers dominant note-sequences to extract motives.\n      </p>", "New forms of digital distribution are dramatically transforming market structures in the recorded music industry value chain. We propose a model and theoretical perspective that take account both of the music industry's traditional value chain and distribution network, and the product characteristics of digital music as related to consumer value creation. The model highlights changes in the market structure from the perspective of the players in the music industry value chain. Utilizing a series of propositions, we characterize the forces at work in the market transformation and show how each player's role in the industry value chain is likely to change. We also examine the effects of market structure changes on intellectual property rights issues. Finally, we present a series of minicases that provide evidence in support of the proposed theoretical perspective.\n      </p>", "Despite the variety and availability of multicultural music for general music educators, Korean folk music remains relatively unknown. The reasons stem from early musicological research, which failed to differentiate Korean folk music from Chinese folk music, and political situations dating from the early twentieth century. Three examples of Korean folk songs are offered for use by a general music teacher, with suggestions for adapting them for use by the Orff specialist. Additional literary and Internet resources are given to aid in developing a complete cultural unit.\n      </p>", "Cognition and emotion are closely linked in music. The interplay between expectations and the sounded events is hypothesized to play a central role in creating musical tension and relaxation. The research summarized here is part of an ongoing program investigating how this dynamic aspect of musical emotion relates to the cognition of musical structure. Musical emotions change over time in intensity and quality, and these emotional changes covary with changes in psychophysiological measures. Perceptual studies support music-theoretic descriptions of musical structures that underlie listeners' expectations. Cross-cultural comparisons suggest that certain psychological principles of expectation are quite general, but that musical cultures emphasize these differentially. A schema of temporal organization that relates episodes of tension and relaxation to musical form and expressive aspects of musical performance is described. Finally, some results suggest that the expression of emotion in music shares properties with the expression of emotion in speech and dance.\n      </p>", "Luigi Boccherini remained for most of his creative life in Madrid, at a court traditionally viewed as peripheral, and in remote places such as Arenas de San Pedro. How this situation determined his musical style, the possibilities of coming into contact with his colleagues' production and the way his works became published are some of the fundamental issues not yet fully assessed. This article focuses on the circumstances in which Boccherini's first works were published by Jos\u00e9 Fernando Palomino (Madrid), Jean Baptiste V\u00e9nier (Paris) and Luigi Marescalchi (Venice) in the 1770s, and how they were for sale in Madrid soon after. It also presents a preliminary overview of the music-selling market in late 18th- and very early 19th-century Madrid. Local periodicals, the Gaceta de Madrid and the Diario de Madrid, reflect the thriving commercial activity of several music sellers (Miguel Copin, Antonio Sancha and Antonio de Castillo), showing Madrid's involvement in the international music trade. This kind of approach may pave the way to encourage the assessment of the reception in Madrid of imported repertory and its influence on native composers.\n      </p>", "This study was designed to investigate the socialization and occupational identity of undergraduate music education majors enrolled in traditional preservice teacher education programs. Preservice music teachers (N = 578) from 30 randomly sampled institutions completed a 128-item questionnaire. Descriptive statistics were computed for all variables, and factor analysis was used to explore the underlying structure of occupational identity. Correlational and regression analyses revealed relationships among socialization influences and occupational identity. Descriptive findings surrounding various aspects of primary and secondary socialization revealed that parents, school music teachers, and private lesson instructors exerted a positive influence on student decisions related to participating in music and pursuing a music education career. Factor analysis results indicated that occupational identity consisted of three constructs: musician identity, self-perceived teacher identity, and teacher identity as inferred from others. Correlations between secondary socialization and occupational identity were slightly stronger than those between primary socialization and occupational identity, and influential experiences were more predictive of occupational identity than influential people.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to profile secondary school music programs in the United States and investigate principals' perceptions of those curricula. A survey form was sent to 1,000 secondary school principals, yielding a 54% response rate. That form was designed to answer the following questions: What is the profile of secondary music programs in the United States? How effective do principals think music programs are in helping students attain specific learning outcomes and broad educational goals? To what degree do certain variables (e. g., standardized tests, teachers, parents) impact a given music program? Ninety-eight percent of respondents indicated that their schools offered music courses, yet 34% required music. There were significant differences in the diversity of course offerings based on school socioeconomic status profiles. Standardized tests and No Child Left Behind were thought to have the most negative impact on music programs.\n      </p>", "Rap music has been at the center of concern about the potential harmful effects of violent media on youth social behavior. This article explores the role of changing images of violence in rap music lyrics from the 1970s to the 1990s. The results indicate that there has been a dramatic and sustained increase in the level of violence in rap music. The percentage of songs mentioning violence increased from 27 per cent during 1979-1984 to 60 per cent during 1994-1997. In addition, portrayals of violence in later songs are viewed in a more positive light as shown by their increased association with glamor, wealth, masculinity, and personal prowess. Additional analyses revealed that genre, specifically gangster rap, is the most powerful predictor of the increased number of violent references in songs. The discussion suggests that violence in rap music has increased in response to the complex interplay of changing social conditions such as the elevated levels of youth violence in the 1980s and changing commercial practices within the music industry.\n      </p>", "The article charts the rise and fall in the dissemination of Boccherini's published music in Vienna before 1800 by examining two sets of documents that have previously attracted little scholarly attention. Artaria's sales catalogues shed light on the burgeoning international trade in printed music after 1779 and the extensive commercial contacts that allowed the firm to offer most of Boccherini's published output for sale during the 1780s. A set of the firm's inventory ledgers documents production of its own editions and allows us to measure the shelf-life of individual Artaria editions from 1784 to 1793. The evidence from these sources reflects a widespread demand for Boccherini's music until the late 1780s and a marked decline thereafter, a trend that led Artaria to withdraw the plates of all its Boccherini publications by 1793.\n      </p>", "Rai has evolved from native Orani-Algerian music with provocative lyrics sung at local cafes, bars, and bordellos to the most popular and controversial music in North Africa today. It was banned from the Algerian broadcast media because it was considered subversive by the Algerian government until the 1980s. Rai has been regarded as the symbol of cynicism and has become as essential to the identity of the Algerians as the blues was to Blacks in America. Rai musicians created a unique style of music that combined Eastern and Western influences. The lyrics are in conversationalstyle Arabic of North Africa that is a mix of Arabic and some of the romance languages. Rai singers recite their rhyming verses switching from one tongue to another in a single sentence. Rai enjoys popularity through-out the Middle East, Africa, Europe, and Asia and is slowly gaining popularity in the English-speaking countries.\n      </p>", "Thinking about Chinese music I am trying to find answers on different questions. 1. What implication on Chinese culture had events in down the history on territory present-day China? 2. What result/from/ syncretism of Chinese music with other phenomena of Chinese culture? 3. What implication on formation of Chinese tonal system had the cyclic principle of tuning? 4. It seems to me the music in Europe reflects an ideal imagination of known world and music change - in some way - according the new recognition of the world. What caused absence of similar evolution in Chinese music? The differences between Chinese and European culture relate to different visions of the category of time, and it has serious consequences in the field of music.\n      </p>", "Product sampling is an important marketing strategy for experience goods like music, but on-line digital music sampling has not been explored in the literature. Based on an experimental study, this paper investigates some regularities of digital music sampling and identifies the factors that govern its effectiveness. Four digital music sampling strategies are modeled: segment sampling, low-quality sampling, stingy sampling, and double-sampling. Stingy sampling, now widely used in the music industry, is the least effective of the four. Segment sampling or low-quality sampling would be the best choice for music vendors under certain conditions. Double-sampling, proposed for the first time in this study, holds a great deal of promise as search costs get lower. The analysis confirms the importance of an effective digital music sampling strategy and sheds light on digital rights management (DRM) in the music industry.\n      </p>", "Materials to assist instruction have a long history in music education. Charles H. Congdon was the director of music education in St. Paul, Minnesota, from 1885 to 1898. He ceased classroom teaching and began his own music publishing company around 1900. He remained active in music education and was one of the charter members of MENC. Congdon is best known for the six songbooks in The Congdon Music Readers series. To assist the classroom teacher, he devised a series of large song scrolls to accompany his textbooks. He later developed a system to store and display these scrolls, and designed the first chromatic pitch pipe for school use. Congdon's texts, scrolls, scroll holders, storage cabinets, and pitch pipes all led the way for the commercialization of music materials today.\n      </p>", "In this paper we provide an introduction to the theme of 'The place of music'. We discuss previous work on music by geographers before tracing themes of universality and particularity through classical and popular musics. We consider issues of economy, society, polity and culture in the 'universal' and 'national' musics of the classical tradition, the modern global popular music industry and 'alternative' popular musics. The intention is to show a range of possible themes and styles for geographical work on music.\n      </p>", "Often music is used as a metaphor of global social and cultural processes; it also constitutes an enduring process by and through which people interact within and across cultures. The review explores these processes with reference to an anthropological and ethnomusicological account of globalization that has gathered pace over the last decade. It outlines some of the main ethnographic and historical modes of engagement with persistent neoliberal and other music industry-inspired global myth making (particularly that associated with world music), and argues for an approach to musical globalization that contextualizes those genres, styles, and practices that circulate across cultural borders in specific institutional sites and histories.\n      </p>", "Any attempt at writing a history of music of an area, nation or state, needs to recognize the intrinsic issues and to identify the specific historical agents determining the developments being studied. Earlier historical accounts of music in Bosnia tended to apply a rather straightforward positivist method by establishing factual information, recording the existence of particular personalities and the presence of musical institutions. Here it is argued that once we recognize the full context in which such facts existed, it is possible to identify hitherto overlooked tensions which left a lasting impact on music in Bosnia. Arguably the most important tension is the one between an older manner of experiencing music as a communal, identity forming activity, and a recent, late-nineteenthcentury manner, which recognizes that the creation and the reception of music can also be based on an individual search for expression. The two tendencies have often sat uneasily side by side in Bosnia, while the most recent attitudes to art music in Bosnia seem to indicate that the tensions continue to exist. /// Po\u010detak noslova posu\u0111en je iz studije Stefana Vitalija posve\u0107ene upotrebi interneta u suvremenoj archivistici. Onako, naime, kako se jedna suvremena istra\u017eka tehnika mo\u017ee primijeniti na znanstveni proces ranije uobli\u010den tradicionalnim sredstvima, tako je mogu\u0107e napraviti i poku\u0161aj da se nanovo formulira pristup problemima historije glazbe u Bosni i Hercegovini, te da se ranije ustanovljene \u010dinjenice osvijetle iz pozicija suvremene kriti\u010dke teorije. Blago dvosmisleni ostatak naslova je namjerno upu\u0107en i histori\u010daru u Bosni \u2014onome koji vidi probleme iz centra zbivanja \u2014kao i histori\u010daru koji toj temi prilazi iz distance, bila ona prostorma ili emocionalna. Distance je ovdje osobito dobrodo\u0161la, jer omogu\u0107ava da se \u010dinjenice, ranije \u010desto pozitivisti\u010dki utemeljene i shva\u0107ene same sebi dostanima, protuma\u010de u kontekstu koji sadr\u017ei duboko ukorijenjene napetosti i suprotnosti. Pozitivisti\u010dki pristup opisu institucija, te repertoara koje su one njegovale, zakriva istinu da se unutar institucija kriju te\u017enje ka upotrebi glazbe kao poloto\u010dkog sredstva za u\u010dvr\u0161\u0107enje nacionalnog identiteta. U Bosni je ova podjela bila popra\u0107ena dodatnim tenzijamau procesu prihva\u0107anja glazbe kao dru\u0161tvena aktivnosti. Zbog kasnog pojavlkivanja glazbenih institucija, ostao je osobito jak nazor da glazba predstavlja aktinost putem koje se u\u010dvr\u0161\u0107uje grupni indentitet, no suvremeniji pristup bilo kreativnosti, bilo recepciji, dopu\u0161ta da ona bude sredstvo intenzivne vlastite kreativnosti te uobli\u010denja vlastitog iskustva u procesu prihva\u0107anja glazbenog djela. Na\u010din na koji je novija europska muzika stigla u Bosnu s Austro-Ugarskom monarhijom samo je potencirao neke od mogu\u0107h tenzija. Repertoar mar\u0161eva, karakteristi\u010dan za vojne limene glazbe, iako izviru\u0107i iz konteksta dalekoga od dotada\u0161nje bosanske folklorne prakse, imao je u sebi ne\u0161to od tendencije da potencira glazbeno iskustvo kao akt zajedni\u0161tva. Ujedno, zborska muzika, koja je stigla u to isto vrijeme, bila je shva\u0107ena kao pro\u0161irenje na Bosnu dominantnih susjedskih nacionalnih kultura. Sve to negativno se je odrazilo na karakter individualne kreativnosti, te je slabu nazo\u010dnost inventivnih kompozitora u Bosni u pro\u0161lome stolje\u0107u u usporedbi sa postojanjem brojnih dobrih interpreta, mogu\u0107e objasniti postojanjem dubokih tenzija u na\u010dinima na koje su glazba i glazbeni procesi bivali shva\u0107ni. Neki od najnovijih znakova daju naslutti da se u nezavisnoj Bosni ove tenzije nastavljaju.\n      </p>", "This study was designed to estimate the magnitude of retention, migration, and attrition of music teachers; the transfer destinations of those who migrated; the career path status of those who left; and the likelihood that former music teachers would return to teaching. Data, which were analyzed for music (n = 881) and non-music teachers (n = 17,376), came from the 1988-1989, 1991-1992, 1993-1994, and 2000-2001 administrations of the National Center for Education Statistics's Teacher Follow- up Survey, a national survey designed to compile comprehensive data concerning changes in the teacher labor force. Results indicated that between 1988 and 2001, 84% of music teachers were retained by schools, 10% migrated to different schools, and 6% left the profession every year, in rates similar to non-music teachers. Transferring music teachers migrated primarily to different school districts in the same state. One year after leaving the profession, former teachers were attending college (28%), retired (23%), out of teaching (21%), in education but not as a teacher (14%), or working as a homemaker (12%). Approximately one third of former music teachers planned to return to teaching within 5 years, and an additional quarter planned to return after 5 or more years.\n      </p>", "This article locates historicized developments, recognizes musician agency and focuses on how music, through three distinct performance types, constructs and negotiates Balinese culture on Bali's neighbour island of Lombok. The primary type is \"Hindu Balinese\", without local influence; other types represent appropriation from and co-creation with the indigenous and majority population, the Muslim Sasak. These types reflect and generate religious behaviour, situate and shape intra- and inter-ethnic relations, and reveal contestations within the local Balinese community. Modernist forces are currently realigning these types and seeking to homogenize Lombok Balinese music practice to fit the \"Hindu Balinese\" model. Individual artists, however, have generally led music developments. I highlight three such individuals -- Ida Wayan Pasha, Ni Mad\u00e9 Darmi, and I Komang Kantun -- who, through individual effort, have helped direct the construction of Lombok Balinese music culture over the past fifty years.\n      </p>", "American composer Ruth Crawford Seeger grew into the role of music educator as a consummate musician with a deep interest in connecting children to their American musical heritage. This article examines the contributions of Ruth Crawford Seeger to American music education, principally through examination of primary and secondary sources and review of her published works. While historical in some of its methodological procedures, it is even more so a biographical study of a composer who was consumed with a passion to preserve and transmit American heritage music to children. Her life in music as pianist, music intellectual, and composer notwithstanding, this research draws attention to her work in the selection, transcription, and placement of songs from the vast collections of the Lomax family into published works for use with children in schools. The authors examine the legacy of Ruth Crawford Seeger as an educator, with particular emphasis on the manner in which music of the people was masterfully transcribed from recordings and prepared for children and their teachers in schools and preschools.\n      </p>", "Renaissance Music in Croatia is still little recognized in wider international context. In the study some general remarks on the topic are given, namely on theoreticians and academies, on folk music and early music print. More attention is given on sources of Renaissance polyphonic music and composers, such as motets and madrigals by J. Skjaveti\u0107 (Schievetto) and L. Courtoys.\n      </p>", "It is argued that approaches to music that employ evolutionary theory must seek to define \u2018music\u2019 as explicitly as possible. Without such a definition, the relationships between music and other domains of human and animal behavior must remain underspecified, limiting the generality of any claims that can be made concerning its evolutionary roots.\n      </p>", "Material published on the subject of Acquisition, Representation and Reconstruction of printed music by computer is reviewed. The paper is divided into three sections. 1. Acquisition covers music data entry by automatic pattern recognition, directly-connected keyboard, soundtrack analysis, purpose-built hardware and other, compromise, methods. 2. Representation deals with Music Representational Languages (with particular reference to DARMS, MUSTRAN and ALMA), their background, structure, software support, and associated problems concerning score reconstruction. 3. Reconstruction discusses briefly the hardware available for computerized printing of sheet music. An Appendix is included which lists a representative selection of the most significant computer systems for printing music. The Bibliography contains nearly 200 references from diverse publications.\n      </p>", "IN THIS STUDY WE REPORT ON THE RESULT OF AN experiment in which a guqin music performance was recorded and individual listeners were asked to move their arm along with the music that they heard. Movement velocity patterns were extracted from both the musician and the listeners. The analysis reveals that the listeners' movement velocity patterns tend to correlate with each other, and with the movement velocity patterns of the player's shoulders. The findings support the hypothesis that listeners and player share, to a certain degree, a sensitivity for musical expression and its associated corporeal intentionality.\n      </p>", "The Caboclos are a pantheon of deities worshipped in the Candombl\u00e9s of Bahia and throughout Brazil. They are Brazilian cowboys and Indians f\u00eated at public parties and private ceremonies and invoked by devotees to work on earth. The incorporation of this pantheon was enabled by the pragmatic efficacy attributed to music in ritual contexts of Candombl\u00e9 worship. In these ceremonies, music is not just an accompaniment to ritual actions; it is the means by which ritual work is done. This pragmatic efficacy creates the conditions of possibility for innovation and incorporation of new gods and new ritual practices\n      </p>", "The authors replicate and extend findings from previous studies of music enculturation by comparing music memory performance of children to that of adults when listening to culturally familiar and unfamiliar music. Forty-three children and 50 adults, all born and raised in the United States, completed a music memory test comprising unfamiliar excerpts of Western and Turkish classical music. Examples were selected at two levels of difficulty\u2014simple and complex\u2014based on texture, instrument variety, presence of simultaneous musical lines, and clarity of internal repetition. All participants were significantly better at remembering novel music from their own culture than from an unfamiliar culture. Simple examples from both cultures were remembered significantly better than complex examples. Children performed as well as adults when remembering simple music from both cultures, whereas adults were better at remembering complex Western music. The results provide evidence that enculturation affects one's understanding of music structure before adulthood.\n      </p>", "We report on an ethnographic study of three emerging scenes in which Latino music is produced, performed, experienced, and celebrated in Houston, Texas: rock en Espa\u00f1ol, gay Latino dance music, and professional soccer supporters' music. Music is an important feature of Latino culture, since it informs migration, citizenship, spirituality, and other aspects of the contemporary Latino experience. Three interactionist concepts inform this study. The concept of scene directs our attention to the comprehensive social worlds driven by Latino music. The concept of idioculture directs our attention to the ways audience members experience Latino music within everyday life small groups. The concept of place directs our attention to how Latino music creates new locations to anchor the self in reference to country of origin, present music communities, or possible symbolic locations such as America or La Raza. We conclude with suggestions for a revised interactionist concept of music scene.\n      </p>", "African American gospel music, which celebrates the good news of the message of Jesus of Nazareth, is increasing in popularity. Many music educators want to include the style in the curriculum but are not familiar with it. The author offers a brief history of gospel music, reviews religious music in schools, shares her experiences, and presents tips for singing and teaching gospel music that will be helpful for any choral music educator.\n      </p>", "This paper examines how the music of kd lang is consumed by lesbian audiences. It makes a distinction between three processes of consuming music. First, it focuses on the consumption of live music at concerts. Secondly, it examines the way that music forms a backdrop to our everyday activities - the soundscape - and is therefore 'overheard' in public places. Finally, it considers the process of consciously listening to music. By examining these different acts of consumption, the paper considers how lang's music can facilitate the production of queer space and highlights tensions between the intentions of an artist in producing a sound and the way it is read by audiences.\n      </p>", "This study relates consumer ethics and attitudes to the recent controversy over file-sharing Web sites such as Napster, Morpheus, and Kazaa. Data were collected from college students to determine their ethical attitudes toward downloading music without paying as well as their attitudes toward record companies and recording artists. Twenty-one students participated in a qualitative study, and 210 participated in a follow-up quantitative study. Results suggest that downloading reflects more than just access to high-speed technology. The findings suggest that respondents who download music from the Internet differ from those who do not download in that downloaders have lesser ethical concern, indicating a greater willingness to endorse ethically questionable acts, and that downloaders are more likely to believe that downloading files does not harm the company or the artists.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to investigate three primary variables concerning the starting grade level of beginning string instruction in public schools: (a) initial enrollment, (b) retention data for both the end of the first year and at the seventh-grade year of instruction, and (c) music performance level in the seventh grade. Secondary variables including schedule of instruction, decision makers, grade-level organization, and private lessons also were examined. Research objectives were developed to provide string teachers with information for use when they consider the grade level of beginning instruction in their school districts. Later starting grades yielded the highest retention rates, when retention data for both the end of the initial year of instruction and the beginning of seventh grade were compared with starting grade level. The starting grade level of instruction did not, however, affect initial enrollment figures or music performance of string ensembles.\n      </p>", "FEW WESTERN RESEARCHERS HAVE STUDIED music in everyday life. Data were collected from 200 Pakistani participants to address whether Western findings could be generalized to non-Western samples. Music was heard in everyday life by a large number of participants; most musical experiences occurred while participants were with friends; Pakistani classical and Western pop music were heard most frequently; liking for the music varied depending on who the participant was with, where they were, and whether they had chosen to be able to hear music; music was usually experienced during the course of some other activity; exposure to music occurred more frequently in the evening and at weekends; music was heard mostly at home; and the importance of several functions of music depended upon whom the participant was with and the place where the music was heard. These findings are compared with those from earlier Western research.\n      </p>", "Jacques Champion de Chambonni\u00e8res's two books of Pi\u00e8ces de clavessin (1670) represent the beginnings of the printed tradition of the French harpsichord school; they were produced using the technique of engraving, still quite new to French music. Like the sonic manifestations of Chambonni\u00e8res's music, the engravings reflect a high degree of freedom and individuality; in contrast to the aesthetics of ensemble music, which required conformity to the group, the solo harpsichord repertory allowed for greater freedom of expression, especially through the use of improvised agr\u00e9ments and rhythmic flexibility. Walter Ong's theory of orality and literacy informs a critical assessment of the role of Chambonni\u00e8res's books in the establishment of the composer's authority over his texts. Consideration of other images produced by the Jollain atelier calls attention to the physicality of the images, and their importance as realizations of the music they represent.\n      </p>", "BARON-COHEN'S EMPATHIZER-SYSTEMIZER-THEORY (E-S theory, Baron-Cohen, Knickmeyer, &amp; Belmonte, 2005) distinguishes two general cognitive styles. Empathizing is characterized as the capacity to respond to feeling states of other individuals, whereas systemizing is characterized as the capacity to respond to regularities of objects and events. To investigate these traits within the music domain, a questionnaire study (N = 442) was conducted. Construct validity and reliability of the measurement instrument were assessed by factor analysis procedures. A simplified unit weighting (SUW) scale was used to determine individual differences in music empathizing (ME) and music systemizing (MS). Significant effects of sex and of music performance experience were observed. A highly similar pattern of results emerged from a replicating survey (N = 155) using a short-version of the questionnaire. These results suggest that the ME and MS traits corroborate and extend the general E-S theory.\n      </p>", "This article describes the challenges posed by optical music recognition - a topic in computer science that aims to convert scanned pages of music into an on-line format. First, the problem is described; then a generalised framework for software is presented that emphasises key stages that must be solved: staff line identification, musical object location, musical feature classification, and musical semantics. Next, significant research projects in the area are reviewed, showing how each fits the generalised framework. The article concludes by discussing perhaps the most open question in the field: how to compare the accuracy and success of rival systems, highlighting certain steps that help ease the task.\n      </p>", "NEUROLOGIC MUSIC THERAPY LAST CAME INTO research and clinical focus via cognitive rehabilitation. New imaging techniques studying higher cognitive functions in the human brain 'in vivo' and theoretical advancements in music and brain function have facilitated this development. There are shared cognitive and perceptual mechanisms and shared neural systems between musical cognition and parallel nonmusical cognitive functions that provide access for music to affect general nonmusical functions, such as memory, attention, and executive function. The emerging clinical literature shows substantial support for these effects in rehabilitative retraining of the injured brain. Key findings relevant for clinical applications of neurologic music therapy to cognitive rehabilitation are presented and discussed below.\n      </p>", "The \"Cecilia\" ballad, whose theme we can find in some Catalan versions and in Hungarian \"Feh\u00e9r L\u00e1szl\u00f3\" (Vargyas 27), is among the most disseminated ones in Italy, known already from 19th century collections (Nigra, Widter Wolf). It has been recorded in several variants in that whole linguistic area until today, with certain revival and broadside remarkings. Through a comparative analysis of different materials coming from various geographical areas (sound recordings, transcriptions, etc.) it is possible to distinguish characteristics and differences as to their context, music and performance styles.\n      </p>", "Popular church music is one of the newer musical genres in Tanzania. It is characterized by incorporating improvisation, by the use of electric guitars, keyboards and drum machines, and by the body movements which accompany its performance. This paper shows that composition processes in this style are collaborative and take place in multiple stages.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to develop ratings by National Association of Schools of Music member institutions of competencies for an undergraduate curriculum in music education. Competencies were limited to the cognitive aspects of basic musicianship, applied music, and music education methods. Competencies in general education, professional education (including student teaching), music ensembles, and competencies in the affective and psychomotor domains were excluded. Testing conditions and criteria also were excluded. A questionnaire composed of 99 competencies was mailed to each of the NASM schools believed to offer undergraduate degrees in music education. The respondents were asked to indicate their opinion of the value of each competency by rating it on a scale from one (low) to five (high). The result of the study is a list of 84 competencies with a mean rating of 3.5 or higher.\n      </p>", "The rigors of establishing innateness and domain specificity pose challenges to adaptationist models of music evolution. In articulating a series of constraints, the authors of the target articles provide strategies for investigating the potential origins of music. We propose additional approaches for exploring theories based on exaptation. We discuss a view of music as a multimodal system of engaging with affect, enabled by capacities of symbolism and a theory of mind.\n      </p>", "IT HAS BEEN ARGUED, IN VIEW OF THE SOCIAL evolutionary origins of music and the social deficits found in autism, that individuals with autism will be emotionally unresponsive to music. However, a recent study of high-functioning adults with autism has shown that they appear to have a range of responses to music similar to typically developing people, including the deliberate use of music for mood management. In examining why these responses appear unaffected in autism, we explore possible mechanisms for musical mood induction in listeners, hypothesizing that the simulation theory of empathy may illuminate current controversies over the nature of emotion in music. Drawing on these ideas, we put forward suggestions for using a simple associative learning process between musically induced emotions and their cognitive correlates for the clinical treatment of alexithymia, a disorder that is common in autism and characterized by an absence of cognitive insight into one's emotions.\n      </p>", "In music analysis it is a common requirement to search a musical score for occurrences of a particular musical motif and its variants. This tedious and time-consuming task can be carried out by computer, using one of several models to specify which variants are to be included in the search. The question arises: just how many variants must be explicitly considered? The answer has a profound effect on the computer time needed. In this paper, recurrence relations and closed form analytic expressions are derived for the run time complexity of two models of \"fuzzy pattern matching\" for use in music analysis; each model assumes the existence of an atomic exact pattern matching operation. The formulae so obtained are evaluated and tabulated as a function of their independent parameters. These results enable a priori estimates to be made of the relative run times of different music searches performed using either model. This is illustrated by applying the results to an actual musical example.\n      </p>", "Emo music is one avenue through which God can begin or continue a process of healing found through connectedness, sharing, and understanding. God can use songs of lament to bring awareness of pain. Emo music can also offer an environment for the suffering individual to begin to think about and develop vocabulary to describe their pain. In some cases, the music can serve as a prayer of faith for the adolescent, allowing him to connect with God.\n      </p>", "IN THIS ARTICLE, WE FIRST REPORT the data of normal music readers on a new music-reading battery developed in our laboratory. The battery was inspired by the brain damage literature on music-reading deficits and comprised visual and auditory tasks. Second, we report the battery data of IG, a university musician who was referred to us as potentially dyslexic for music, and also her data on text reading and neuropsychological tests.We compare IG's data with those of normal readers.We suggest that IG might represent a case of associated music and text developmental dyslexia.Her results also indicate a dissociation between her pitch and rhythm reading abilities not quite the same as normal readers, as well as an interesting dissociation between reading and repetition, opposite to normal readers.\n      </p>", "In the past seventy years, Mon musical practices have completely replaced Thai music at funerals. Death ritual is perhaps \"the\" rite of passage, yet the performance practices surrounding death are always deeply tied to worldly concerns. Why, then, do Bangkok Thais use a (seemingly) foreign music in their own funerals? This article focuses on the three-day funeral of a musician's wife. Drawing on fieldwork conducted in 1994, I situate this event in terms of contemporary funeral practice in Bangkok and its historical development. Many Thai dance-drama traditions and much of its music is closely tied to ritual in general. For centuries Thai Buddhist funeral practices have included many forms of entertainment and performance. I examine a clear but gradual change in funeral music practice, and suggest that this change is directly linked to the growth of the Thai middle class. I also suggest that a convergence of the past, present, and the Other within the performances at funerals is at the heart of contemporary Bangkok funeral practice.\n      </p>", "Robert Fludd's Utriusque cosmi... historia (Oppenheim, 1617-18) containing De templo musicae, which deals with music theory, practice and organology, has been dismissed by most musicologists as conservative, heavily relying on medieval theory. Studying the treatise from a contemporary seventeenth-century point of view, it is clear that though he relies - as do other English theorists (Morley (1597), Ravenscroft (1614) - on English medieval treatises, he at the same time explains ideas and concepts that are highly original: he argues in favour of the bass-derived method of composing - an approach which was supported by Campion and Coprario. Fludd also relied on some of the most popular treatises of the period: he copied verbatim from Beurhusius (1580), was presumably inspired by Amat (1596) and also Ficino, Agrippa and Cardano. It is argued that, for Fludd, the basic elements of music are melody (Apollo) and rhythm (Saturn) and hence music is merely an expression of relationships between numbers and proportions. Fludd's section on instruments is clearly addressing an English audience, describing the instruments popular at the time. The \"Temple of Music\" ends with a detailed description of a new invention: a mechanical psaltery which, hidden behind a wall or curtain, would surprise dinner guests with delightful music such as pavans and galliards. Fludd should probably be placed among members of the rising class of natural philosophers. In the second half of the seventeenth-century, natural philosophers and intellectuals of the Royal Society of London sought to understand music's acoustics and temperament, simplifying music, the science, into basic principles easy to comprehend and learn by the musical amateur of the day. /// Razli\u010dite tekstove Roberta Fludda na teme kao \u0161to su medicina, geomancija, univerzalna harmonija i umjetnost pam\u0107enja detaljno su prou\u010dili povjesni\u010dari znanosti i filozofije. Me\u0111utim, Fludd nije pisao samo o harmoniji makrokozmosa i mikrokozmosa - za \u0161to su ga \u017eestoko osu\u0111ivali Marin Mersenne i Johannes Kepler - nego i o glazbenoj teoriji i praksi. God. 1617-18. objavio je svoje kratko djelo Utriusque cosmi majoris scilicet et minoris metaphysica, physica atque technica historia (Metafizi\u010dka, fizikalna i tehni\u010dka povijest obaju svjetova, velikog i malog), koje sadr\u017ei i rasprave o raznim slobodnim umjetnostima, me\u0111u kojima je i Temple of Music (Hram glazbe). Uvodna ilustracija za ovu raspravu bila je \u010desto reproducirana, iako bez obja\u0161njenja njezinih pojedinosti i 'ekscentri\u010dnih sprava'. Velika ve\u0107ina onih muzikologa koji su prou\u010davali ovu raspravu zaklju\u010duju da je za svoje vrijeme konzervativna, jer ne donosi nikakve nove ideje ni pristupe i prepuna je brojevnog simbolizma. Osim toga, to \u0161to je napisana na latinskome zna\u010dilo je da \u0107e djelo biti nedostupno glazbenim amaterima (valja tako\u0111er dr\u017eati na umu da se Fludda danas op\u0107enito dr\u017ei hermeti\u010dkim filozofom zainteresiranim za tamne i skrivene misterije, te da ga se \u010desto opisuje kao \u0161arlatana). Me\u0111utim, prou\u010davaju\u0107i Fluddov \"Temple of Music\" u kontekstu 17. stolje\u0107a i uspore\u0111uju\u0107i ga s drugim glazbenim raspravama i filozofskim djelima, otkriveno je da je taj kontroverzni filozof ipak imao re\u0107i ne\u0161to nova o glazbenoj teoriji i praksi: Fludd je nagla\u0161avao va\u017enost basa kao temelja koji odre\u0111uje intervale \u0161to se rabe u tvorbi gornjih dionica. Suprotno od renesansne teorije, prema kojoj je tenor najva\u017enija dionica po kojoj valja prosu\u0111ivati druge upotrijebljene dionice, Fludd tu ulogu povjerava basu. Posljedi\u010dno, valja ponovno definirati kadencu. Nakon \u0161to je bila sklop kontrapunktskih formula (napreduju\u0107i od nesavr\u0161ene k savr\u0161enoj konsonanci), kadencu se sada definira kao skok za kvartu/kvintu u basu. Iz Fluddovih tvrdnji mogu\u0107e je odrediti da je svoj \"Temple of Music\" napisao negdje izme\u0111u 1596. i 1610. Iz toga slijedi da je njegova ideja o basu datirana ranije od bolje poznatih rasprava Campiona (oko 1613) i Copraria (oko 1610-14). To \u0161to je Fludd istodobno odlu\u010dio objasniti srednjovjekovnu teoriju prolatia vjerojatno valja zahvaliti \u010dinjenici da je glazbu shva\u0107ao gotovo kao brojevni izraz: melodija, tj. intervali, je odnos me\u0111u brojevima, a ritam je odnos raznih vremenskih mjera. Osim komponiranja Fludd se bavi i \u010ditanjem glazbe (solmizacija, heksakordi), monokordom i najpopularnijim glazbenim instrumentima u Engleskoj (npr. lutnjom, bandorom, citrom, violom da gamba), obja\u0161njavaju\u0107i nekoliko aspekata mije\u0161anog sastava (mixed consort). \"Temple of Music\" zavr\u0161ava detaljnim opisom novoga izuma: mehani\u010dkim psalterijem opremljenim plektrumima i prigu\u0161nicama sli\u010dno \u010dembalu. Izum treba biti skriven iza zida ili zavjese, a kada se svira nje\u017ena glazba poput pavana i galliarda trebao bi izenaditi goste na ve\u010deri. Zaklju\u010dujemo da je Fludd uistinu konzervativan kada obja\u0161njava teoriju prolatia (kao \u0161to to \u010dine i Morley 1597. i Ravenscroft 1614), ali i da je vrlo originalan u svojem pristupu funkciji basa. Fludda vjerojatno valja smjestiti me\u0111u one filozofe prirode u usponu, koji su u 17. stolje\u0107u na sastancima Londonskog kraljevskog dru\u0161tva (Royal Society of London) nastojali razumjeti glazbenu akustiku i udezbu, pojednostavljuju\u0107i glazbu do temeljnih na\u010dela i \u010dine\u0107i je tako 'znano\u0161\u0107u'.\n      </p>", "IN THIS RESPONSE I LARGELY CONCUR WITH THE commentary offered by Graham and argue that a label such as that proposed by Graham could additionally be useful in drawing primary attention to crucial social and affective features of music-making that have at times been undervalued in interdisciplinary investigations into music. I suggest two changes to the label proposed by Graham arguing that \"affective\"\u2014rather than emotional\u2014and \"communication\"\u2014rather than signal\u2014more broadly and precisely describe the boundaries of relevance that should be applied to music.\n      </p>", "MUSICIANS HAVE BEEN REPORTED TO DEMONSTRATE significantly better verbal memory abilities than do nonmusicians. In this study, we examined whether forms of music engagement other than formal music training might also predict verbal memory performance. Gender, socioeconomic status, and music performance variables were controlled in the main study; IQ was also assessed for a subset of participants. While performance musicianship remained a stronger predictor of verbal learning and memory, convincing evidence is presented that nonperformance music engagement (listening activity) also predicted verbal memory measures. The role of music engagement was independent of control factors both in the main study results and in the subset. The findings highlight the need for a more extensive conceptualization of musicianship in research that examines the impact of music on cognitive performance.\n      </p>", "McDermott and Hauser (2005) and Justus and Hutsler (2005) argue that in order for music to be an evolutionary adaptation, and not an exaptation, music must be constrained by innate factors that are specific to music and that evolved because music conferred survival advantages. I argue that the dichotomy between adaptation and exaptation is not very clear for higher cognitive functions such as music and language, because genes set up general neural architectures and learning mechanisms, rather than specifying the details of what they will represent, and that such higher cognitive functions are therefore dependent on interactions between genes and experience. Furthermore, because higher cognitive functions depend on a common set of mechanisms such as sensory encoding strategies, working memory capacity, working memory processes, longterm memory encoding and retrieval, and attentional focusing, it is difficult to make arguments about innate specificity. Thus, the question of whether music is an evolutionary adaptation appears to depend on whether or not music conferred survival advantages, a question that is difficult to answer.\n      </p>", "the present study investigated whether the association between music lessons and intelligence is mediated by executive functions. Intelligence and five different executive functions (set shifting, selective attention, planning, inhibition, and fluency) were assessed in 9- to 12-year-old children with varying amounts of music lessons. Significant associations emerged between music lessons and all of the measures of executive function. Executive functions mediated the association between music lessons and intelligence, with the measures of selective attention and inhibition being the strongest contributors to the mediation effect. Our results suggest that at least part of the association between music lessons and intelligence is explained by the positive influence music lessons have on executive functions, which in turn improve performance on intelligence tests.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to explore factors that may affect string teachers' career decisions. Six hundred string teachers were mailed a questionnaire designed to elicit responses about multiple factors and projected career plans in 1 year and in 5 years, and 304 teachers responded. The majority of teachers planned to remain in their positions the following year, whereas only half planned to remain in their positions in 5 years. Analyses indicated that work culture, perceptions about music's importance in the curriculum, satisfaction with student characteristics, psychological factors, and teacher socioeconomic background may affect immediate career plans. Further analyses indicated that work culture, satisfaction with student characteristics, psychological factors, and teaching experience were related to long-term career plans. In the Year 1 discriminant analysis, Stayers was the only group adequately classified. In the Year 5 analysis, Stayers were classified most accurately. Migrators and Leavers were classified slightly above the level of chance.\n      </p>", "This investigation compared the reliabilities, intercorrelations, and appropriateness of use of three standardized music tests when administered to entering university freshman music majors. The three tests compared were \"Aliferis Music Achievement Test\", \"Musical Aptitude Profile\", and \"Iowa Tests of Music Literacy, Levels 5 and 6\". All tests functioned with adequate reliability. Intercorrelations within and among tests revealed some overlapping between achievement tests, but little relationship with aptitude test content. Each test is basically multidimensional. It was concluded that a wide range of information could best be obtained by administering the \"Musical Aptitude Profile\", and a music achievement test with suitable content. Although the Aliferis Test was the only one of the three tests originally designed for entering college music majors, the \"Musical Aptitude Test\" and the \"Iowa Test of Musical Literacy\" may also be appropriately employed.\n      </p>", "Listening to music often is associated with spontaneous body movements frequently synchronized with its periodic structure. The notion of embodied cognition assumes that intelligent behavior does not emerge from mere passive perception, but requires goal-directed interactions between the organism and its environment. According to this view, one could postulate that we may use our bodily movements to help parse the metric structure of music. The aim of this study was to investigate how pulsations on different metrical levels manifest in music-induced movement. Musicians were presented with a piece of instrumental music in 4/4 time, played at four different tempi ranging from 92 to 138 bpm. Participants were instructed to move to the music, and their movements were recorded with a high quality optical motion capture system. Subsequently, signal processing methods and principal components analysis were applied to extract movement primitives synchronized with different metrical levels. We found differences between metric levels in terms of the prevalence of synchronized eigenmovements. For instance, mediolateral movements of arms were found to be frequently synchronized with the tactus level pulse, while rotation and lateral flexion of the upper torso were commonly found to exhibit periods of two and four beats, respectively. The results imply that periodicities on several metric levels are simultaneously present in music-induced movement. This could suggest that the metric structure of music is encoded in these movements.\n      </p>", "THE PURPOSE OF THIS STUDY WAS TO TEST THE cross-cultural musical understanding of trained and untrained listeners from two distinct musical cultures by exploring the influence of enculturation on musical memory performance. Trained and untrained participants (N = 150) from the United States and Turkey listened to a series of novel musical excerpts from both familiar and unfamiliar cultures and then completed a recognition memory task for each set of examples. All participants were significantly better at remembering novel music from their native culture and there were no performance differences based on musical expertise. In addition, Turkish participants were better at remembering Western music, a familiar but nonnative musical culture, than Chinese music. The results suggest that our cognitive schemata for musical information are culturally derived and that enculturation influences musical memory at a structural level.\n      </p>", "Why do People Seek out Music that Makes Them cry? This paradox is a complex one that appears to have no single answer. Rather, numerous factors appear to be interacting in the diverse responses of individuals to music. The present study tested the hypothesis that individual differences in dissociation, absorption, fantasy proneness, empathy, and rumination would be related to the enjoyment of negative emotion in music. Fifty-nine participants completed a survey pertaining to this question. Results revealed statistically significant positive relationships between enjoyment of evoked negative emotion in response to music with both absorption and the recently reported construct of 'music empathy,' Factor analysis and a regression model confirmed these results, and the approach suggests that further study of individual differences will continue to provide new insights into some of the subtleties of the enjoyment of negative emotions in music.\n      </p>", "The socio-cultural role of music practitioners among Liberian ethnic groups has not been the subject of considerable study and debate in the field of ethnomusicology. Yet literature on the whole of Africa includes a number of studies by Ames (1973), McLeod (1964), Merriam (1973, 1979), and Nketia (1973). The work of these scholars has contributed immensely toward establishing paradigms for research on the role of musicians in African traditional society. But while we are certain to find similar patterns in the behavior, status, training, etc., of musicians throughout Africa, each case must be considered within the unique context of a society 9 s cultural history, including it social organization, inter-ethnic relationships, and a host of other factors that have affected its past-to-present existence. This paper examines the social and musical roles of Vai musicians, their behavior, status, and the methods used to train them. Furthermore, it explores the manner in which musical talent is evaluated and the criteria used by the Vai to distinguish one class of music specialists from another. The most fundamental issue underlying the scope of this discussion pertains to the relationship between the musician and the society he serves. Major social occasions among the Vai are clearly marked by the participation of an individual or group whose main function is to coordinate and integrate music into various macro-and micro-level events. The tasks of these uniquely talented persons are considered \"speciality roles 9 ' that can only be performed by those who have achieved a high musical status. Musicians who perform at this level must be capable of fulfilling the general musical expectations of the society at large. In addition, they must show an extraordinary amount of skill when performing ceremonial and ritual music associated with various social institutions. In former times, the Vai musician held a position of importance that contributed to the continuity and stability of musical tradition. The forces of change have diminished many of the musician's traditional roles, such as those formerly associated with court patronage and warfare. However, they continue to play an integral part in the present-day secret society ceremonies and within the general context of community life.\n      </p>", "B\u00e9la Bart\u00f3k's collection of Hungarian instrumental folk music is known only for Hungarian Bart\u00f3k scholars and ethnomusicologists although Bart\u00f3k's permanent interest in folk musical instruments, and instruments in general, manifesting itself in essays and compositions has always been evident. The term Bart\u00f3k's instrumental collection implies the Hungarian instrumental folk music material that emerged as the outcome of his own collecting work and explicitly melodies performed on instruments. This report gives a survey of Bart\u00f3k's work in the field by means of some randomly chosen phenomena.\n      </p>", "SHORT CLIPS (300 AND 400 MS), TAKEN FROM POPULAR songs from the 1960's through the 2000's,were presented to participants in two experiments to study the detail and contents of musical memory. For 400 ms clips, participants identified both artist and title on more than 25% of the trials.Very accurate confidence ratings showed that this knowledge was recalled consciously. Performance was somewhat higher if the clip contained a word or partword from the title. Even when a clip was not identified, it conveyed information about emotional content, style and, to some extent, decade of release. Performance on song identification was markedly lower for 300 ms clips, although participants still gave consistent emotion and style judgments, and fairly accurate judgments of decade of release. The decade of release had no effect on identification, emotion consistency, or style consistency. However, older songs were preferred, suggesting that the availability of recorded music alters the pattern of preferences previously assumed to be established during adolescence and early adulthood. Taken together, the results point to extraordinary abilities to identify music based on highly reduced information.\n      </p>", "THE GOAL OF THIS STUDY WAS TO ASCERTAIN whether deficits in music perception impact upon music appreciation. Likert ratings were gathered from congenital amusics and matched controls concerning the degree to which individuals incorporate music in their everyday lives, are able to achieve certain psychological states through music, and feel positively about music imposed upon them. Those with amusia reported incorporating music into everyday activities to a lesser degree than controls. They also reported experiencing fewer changes in psychological states when listening to music and felt more negatively about imposed music compared to controls. However, the scores of some amusic individuals fell within the control range on these questionnaires, providing some evidence for a developmental dissociation between music perception (impaired) and music appreciation (normal). Potential reasons for this dissociation are discussed.\n      </p>", "The history of urban music, which has traditionally focused on the court and the church, can and must also be evaluated according to groups within the population who did not belong to these two categories. In this article, Valladolid is taken as an example to explore these different perspectives. Valladolid was one of the capital cities of Spain in the first half of the 16th century; documentation found in the city's archives shows that interest in music reached even its most humble citizens. The documents reveal that ownership of musical instruments (by individuals belonging to very different social classes) was very common in Valladolid in this period. On the other hand, references to less studied urban musical practices (such as autos defe, or the chivalric sport of the juego de ca\u00f1a), as well as to musical instruction beyond the traditional frameworks (for example, private lessons), underline the importance of this type of research.\n      </p>", "there is debate about the extent of overlap between music and language processing in the brain and whether these processes are functionally independent in expert musicians. A language comprehension task and a visuospatial search task were administered to 36 expert musicians and 36 matched nonmusicians in conditions of silence and piano music played correctly and incorrectly. Musicians performed more poorly on the language comprehension task in the presence of background music compared to silence, but there was no effect of background music on the musicians' performance on the visuospatial task. In contrast, the performance of nonmusicians was not affected by music on either task. The findings challenge the view that music and language are functionally independent in expert musicians, and instead suggest that when musicians process music they recruit a network that overlaps with the network used in language processing. Additionally, musicians outperformed nonmusicians on both tasks, reflecting either a general cognitive advantage in musicians or enhancement of more specific cognitive abilities such as processing speed or executive functioning.\n      </p>", "WE REPLICATED PREVIOUS FINDINGS AND DEMONSTRATED that familiarity with musical stimuli increased 'liking' or 'preference' for the stimuli. We also demonstrated that familiarity increased the intensity of emotional responses to music, but only when the stimuli were made highly familiar through en masse repetitions (Experiment 3) rather than through interspersed repetitions (Experiment 1). In addition, intensity ratings were higher when participants were asked to judge the emotion conveyed by the music than when they were asked to judge the emotion elicited by the same music (Experiments 2 and 3). Finally, positive emotions (i.e., happy and calm) were rated higher compared with negative emotions (i.e., sad and angry) for both types of ratings (i.e., conveyed or elicited). The findings suggest that familiarity plays a role in modulating a listener's emotional response to music.\n      </p>", "musically trained and untrained participants were administered tests of emotional intelligence and IQ. As in previous research, trained participants scored higher than untrained participants on the IQ Composite score and on its Verbal and Nonverbal subtests. The advantage for the trained group on the Composite score and on the Nonverbal subtest was evident even when gender, parents' education, family income, and first language were held constant. The groups performed similarly, however, on the test of emotional intelligence, and scores on the IQ test were only weakly correlated with scores on the emotional intelligence test. The results imply that (1) associations between music lessons and nonmusical abilities are limited to intellectual abilities, and/or (2) associations between music lessons and emotional intelligence are not evident on visual- and/or text-based tests of emotional intelligence such as the one used here.\n      </p>", "THIS ARTICLE SUMMARIZES THE MAIN EVIDENCE TO date regarding links between the brain and music. Musical expertise, often linked to early and intensive learning, is associated with neuroanatomical distinctive features that have been demonstrated through modern neuroimaging techniques, especially magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). These distinctive features are present in several brain regions, all more or less involved either in gestural motor skill (therefore probably related to the use of an instrument) or auditory perception. There also is growing evidence that learning music has more general effects on brain plasticity. One important notion, related to this topic, is that of a probable \"sensitive period,\" around 7 years of age, beyond which music-induced structural changes and learning effects are less pronounced. These data are discussed in the perspective of using music training for remediation in children with specific language and reading disorders.\n      </p>", "The relationship between music and place is explored through biographical information on one particular individual and his social activities and networks in the city of Liverpool. Music plays a role in producing place as a material setting comprising the physical and built environment; as a setting for everyday social relations, practices and interactions; and as a concept or symbol that is represented or interpreted. This production of place through music is shown to be a contested and ideological process, whilst the dynamic interrelationship between music and place suggests that music plays a very particular and sensual role.\n      </p>", "Music is Intimately Connected with Body movements. Until recently, research has almost exclusively examined the impact of music on body movements. Yet findings on embodied cognition in other domains suggest that the influence might also work in the opposite direction: Real or imagined body movements during music listening may codetermine music preferences. We had participants listen to music and concurrently activate muscles whose innervation has been shown to be associated with \"positive\" and \"negative\" affect (activation vs. inhibition of smiling muscles, vertical vs. horizontal head movements, and arm flexion vs. arm extension). Activation of the positively associated muscle groups led to higher preference ratings for the music pieces than activation of the negatively associated ones. A first exploration of candidate explanations for the effect suggests that it is most likely due to conditioning processes. It is concluded that body movements, both real and imagined, may play an important role in the development of music preferences.\n      </p>", "Studying similarities and differences between speech and song provides an opportunity to examine music's role in human culture. Forty participants divided into groups of musicians and nonmusicians spoke and sang lyrics to two familiar songs. The spectral structures of speech and song were analyzed using a statistical analysis of frequency ratios. Results showed that speech and song have similar spectral structures, with song having more energy present at frequency ratios corresponding to those ratios associated with the 12-tone scale. This difference may be attributed to greater fundamental frequency variability in speech, and was not affected by musical experience.Higher levels of musical experience were associated with decreased energy at frequency ratios not corresponding to the 12-tone scale in both speech and song. Thus, musicians may invoke multisensory (auditory/vocal-motor) mechanisms to fine-tune their vocal production to more closely align their speaking and singing voices according to their vast music listening experience.\n      </p>", "As the title suggests, this essay is a humorous but appreciative look at the cuisine of lesbian/feminist music festivals, which since 1974 have ranged from one-day events to two-week campouts in almost all of the fifty American states. Fans of the women's music movement\u2014which long before Lilith Fair had introduced artists as diverse as Holly Near, Toshi Reagon, Melissa Etheridge, and the Indigo Girls\u2014enjoy several days of concerts and receive meals with their festival packages. These usually vegetarian repasts are an entire subculture of humor and socializing around \u201clesbian food\u201d of a certain era. How is food important, politically, to this feisty community? How do workers prepare meals for up to 8,000 shirtless women in the woods, in all kinds of weather? And in this very informed, radical community, is the traditional women's work of cooking and cleaning truly respected\u2014or, ironically, taken for granted?\n      </p>", "Absolute pitch--the ability to name or produce a note of particular pitch in the absence of a reference note--is generally considered to be extremely rare. However, it has been found that native speakers of two different tone languages--Mandarin and Vietnamese--display a remarkably precise form of absolute pitch in enunciating words. Given these findings, it is proposed that absolute pitch may have evolved as a feature of speech, analogous to other features such as vowel quality. It is also conjectured that tone-language speakers generally acquire this feature during the 1st year of life, in the critical period when infants acquire other features of their native language. For speakers of nontone languages, the acquisition of absolute pitch by rare individuals may be associated with a critical period of unusually long duration, so that it extends to the age at which the child can begin taking music lessons. According to this line of reasoning, the potential for acquiring absolute pitch is universal at birth, and can be realized by giving the infant the opportunity to associate pitches with verbal labels during the 1st year or so of life.\n      </p>", "This article offers a critical discussion of the use of music in a biomedical setting in Denmark focusing on the specific medicinal music MusiCure based on research carried out by the Musica Humana organization. The article explores how commercial music is applied, experienced and conceptualized in the modern, Western hospital. The position of the music in the market--it is profiled by the authority of medicine--is examined along with the positive experiences of private users. In outlining aspects of the interfaces between healing and biomedical treatment and caretaking, the article discusses how medicinal music with its overt notions of the natural and universal aims at altering the healing space of hospital wards and private homes. The power to define healthy sounds and regulate bodily behaviour in relation to ideas of health is examined in the light of postcolonial critique of social and institutional hegemony.\n      </p>", "The field of music and emotion research has grown rapidly and diversified during the last decade. This has led to a certain degree of confusion and inconsistency between competing notions of emotions, data, and results. The present review of 251 studies describes the focus of prevalent research approaches, methods, and models of emotion, and documents the types of musical stimuli used over the past twenty years. Although self-report approaches to emotions are the most common way of dealing with music and emotions, using multiple approaches is becoming increasingly popular. A large majority (70%) of the studies employed variants of the discrete or the dimensional emotion models. A large proportion of stimuli rely on a relatively modest amount of familiar classical examples. The evident shortcomings of these prevalent patterns in music and emotion studies are highlighted, and concrete plans of action for future studies are suggested.\n      </p>", "MUSIC LISTENING AND MAKING ACTIVATES A multitude of brain structures, the engagement of which is likely to have beneficial effects on the psychological and physiological health of individuals. We first briefly review functional neuroimaging experiments on music and emotion, showing that music-evoked emotions can change activity in virtually all core areas of emotional processing.We then enumerate social functions that are automatically and effortlessly engaged when humans make music. Engagement in these social functions fulfils basic human needs, is part of what makes us human, and is an important source for pleasure and happiness. Finally, we present a new method for music therapy, including an exploratory empirical study on effects of music making. Results show that the music making increased the mood of individuals compared to a control group. This music therapy method is promising in encouraging further development for the treatment of affective disorders, and can be used in both single- and double-blinded studies for empirical, evidence-based medical research.\n      </p>", "AMYGDALA INVOLVEMENT IN FACIAL NEGATIVE EMOTION processing seems to be lateralized. The aim of the present study was to verify the existence of this phenomenon in the music domain and to study asymmetrical processing of emotions by the anteromedial temporal structures. Thirteen epileptic patients with left unilateral resection in the temporal lobe including the amygdala, hippocampus, parahippocampal gyrus, and anterior temporal pole, and fourteen patients with the same right-sided temporal resection, were asked to identify the emotion conveyed by music selections (happiness, sadness, or anger), and to assess their arousal (relaxing/stimulating aspects) and valence (pleasantness/unpleasantness aspects). The results demonstrated asymmetrical processing of positive emotions towards the left whereas negative (sad and angry) excerpts were either less recognized or confounded in both right and left operations. It seems that this impairment of music emotion recognition is not linked to an impairment of arousal and valence judgments.\n      </p>", "in this review we sought to document the longitudinal course of empirical studies in the journal Music Perception, from the journal\u2019s first issue in 1983 to 2010. The aim was to systematically characterize the nature of empirical research in one of the principal peer-reviewed outlets for work in our field, and to consider these data as a sample representing the overall course of research across the last three decades. Specific domains examined within each article were: Topics, Participants, Stimuli, Materials, and Outcome Measures. In total, 384 empirical articles in the journal were examined. In addition, relevant details were extracted from the full set of 578 articles regarding geographic and disciplinary (departmental) distribution of the authors. Together, the data we report allow an examination of 26-year trends in music research. These are made available in a database that is fully searchable or sortable by interested researchers.\n      </p>", "The sound archives of the Institute for Musicology of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences disposes over a large and invaluable audio folk music collection. It means some ten thousand hours of authentic folk music recordings. To afford the wider public an insight into this collection a series of records - title Hungarian Folk Music Anthology - started in 1985. The order of sets follows the Hungarian folk music dialect-areas, as Bart\u00f3k established them, each containing about 4 hours sound material illustrating the area with the characteristical song types. So far 4\u00d75 records and 2 sets of cassettes have appeared: the folk-dance survey, the songs from North Hungary, Transdanubia, the Great Hungarian Plain, and East (i. e. Transylvania) in two parts. The closing part of the Anthology is a set of 4 CD-s containing the folk music of Hungarians living in Moldavia and Bukovina. The demonstration will introduce the history and the musical world of those.\n      </p>", "BISPHAM'S (2006) ADDRESS OF THE QUESTION 'WHY' humans demonstrate musical rhythmic behavior provides a compelling evolutionary, contextualized view of rhythm as an essentially corporate activity yielding convergence of emotional and motivational states in ways that augment individuals' fitness. In broad agreement with this viewpoint it is tentatively suggested here that such a model could be termed 'socio-emotional confluence signaling.' Adoption of an accordingly integrative biomusicological position circumvents many of the impasses incurred in the demarcated research agendas currently evident within this early phase of the study of human origins of music. Such a model provides a suitably broad theoretical substrate to facilitate a wide range of experimental studies that are necessary to enable the nascent field of biomusicology to progress beyond conjecture.\n      </p>", "The article focuses on music as a therapeutic option in psychiatry. In the first part of the article the authors have given a review of various comprehensions and definitions of music itself, as well as the effect of music on the mind. The idea of music as a healing influence which could influence health and behaviour is at least as old as the writings of Aristotle and Plato. Today, music therapy is a well-established allied segment of the health profession, similar to occupational therapy and physical therapy. It consists of using music therapeutically to address physical, psychological, cognitive, behavioural and social functioning. The music therapy experience is related to art and everyday experiences in many different ways. In other parts of the article, the authors have tried to show the importance of rhythm through life, as well as to show the functions of music therapy, and the favourable experiences that they have had with their patients who had music therapy as a therapeutic option. /// Stara kineska poslovica ka\u017ee: 'Glazba potje\u010de iz srca ljudskih bi\u0107a. Kada su emocije rodene, izra\u017eavaju se zvukovima, a zvukovi radaju glazbu/ Prema Leichtem, kona\u010dni cilj izvodenja, izra\u017eavanja ili razumijevanja glazbe le\u017ei u psihi\u010dkoj relaksaciji. Avangardni skladatelj John Cage u jednom od svojih brojnih intervjua navodi da je kona\u010dan cilj njegova skladanja odnosno glazbenih aktivnosti postizanje mentalnog mira. Glazba djeluje izravno na na\u0161 autonomni \u017eiv\u010dani sustav, dovode\u0107i do razli\u010ditih autonomnih tjelesnih reakcija. Dakle, za razumijevanje glazbe na tjelesnoj razini nije potrebna inteligencija. Glazba na isti na\u010din dopire do te\u0161ko mentalno retardiranog bolesnika kao i do visoko obrazovanog profesora filozofije. Glazbeno iskustvo u svojoj osnovi ima mnogo sli\u010dnosti s arhai\u010dnim na\u010dinom razmi\u0161ljanja. Glazba je oblik tjelesnog izri\u010daja, posebna vrsta tjelesnog procesa kojim se daje zna\u010denje stvarima te u kojem nesvjesna tjelesna iskustva dobivaju svoje zna\u010denje kroz simbole i apstraktnu formu. Posebno je zanimljiv odnos izmedu glazbe i ljudskog nesvjesnog \u0161to se jasno vidi tijekom seansa muzikoterapije. Jo\u0161 su davno Aristotel i Platon u svojim spisima prikazali ideju da glazba ima lje\u010didbeni u\u010dinak. Muzikoterapija je sli\u010dna okupacijskoj terapiji, u njoj se koristi glazba u svrhu pobolj\u0161anja tjelesnog, psiholo\u0161kog, kognitivnog, bihevioralnog i socijalnog funkcioniranja. Brojne studije pokazale su sposobnost prepoznavanja temporalno organiziranih obrazaca pona\u0161anja te posljedi\u010dno sinkroniziranje pojedin\u010deva pona\u0161anja u skladu s ritmi\u010dkim mjerama. Studije radene na novoroden\u010dadi pokazuju da se radamo sa prirodnom orijentacijom prema ritmi\u010dki koordiniranim interpersonalnim interakcijama, preko kojih komuniciramo sa svojom okolinom. Muzikoterapija je efikasan na\u010din lije\u010denja osoba s psihosocijalnim, afektivnim, kognitivnim i komunikacijskim problemima. Rezultati klini\u010dkih iskustava pokazuju vrijednost muzikoterapije \u010dak i u onih bolesnika koji su bili rezistentni na ostale pristupe u lije\u010denju. Glazba stimulacijom osjeta navodi na pozitivan odgovor zahvaljuju\u0107i bliskosti, predvidljivosti i osje\u0107aju sigurnosti. Bolesnici ne moraju imati posebne glazbene sposobnosti da bi im glazba koristila, svi glazbeni stilovi kroz muzikoterapiju mogu dovesti do pozitivnih promjena u bolesnikovu \u017eivotu, premda bolesnikove preferencije, okolnosti i potreba za lije\u010denjem kao i postavljeni cilj odreduju vrstu glazbe koju \u0107e muzikoterapeut koristiti u terapijskom procesu. Seanse muzikoterapije te izabrana glazba temelje se na individualnom bolesnikovu planu lije\u010denja. Mo\u017eemo zaklju\u010diti da je budu\u0107nost muzikoterapije obe\u0107avaju\u0107a s obzirom na istra\u017eivanja koja pokazuju njezinu u\u010dinkovitost u tjelesnoj rehabilitaciji, Alzheimerovoj bolesti i psihoneuroimunologiji u kontekstu biolo\u0161kog medicinskog modela.\n      </p>", "The present study aims to systematically describe mental practice (MP) in music memorization, with regard to individual differences in the use of different MP strategies and their performance outcomes. Sixteen pianists were studied while they memorized piano pieces. Each subject memorized two pieces, either via MP or physical practice (PP). In order to keep the setting as ecologically valid as possible within the experimental setup, we allowed subjects to freely apply their preferred MP strategies with the exception of physically playing a real piano. Practice and performances were video documented and expert rated; practice strategies were reported in researcher-developed questionnaires. The use of MP alone led to successful music learning. MP combined with PP produced results that were indistinguishable from those following PP alone. Pitch imagery and structural analysis were associated with better post-MP performance. Results are discussed in the frame of expert memory theory (Chase &amp; Simon, 1973; Chaffin, Logan, &amp; Begosh, 2009) and practical implications for musicians are provided.\n      </p>", "The paper aims at showing how the musical thinking of Forest Nenets differs from those structural patterns that correspond to European music. Experiments and interviews with the informants were used for that purpose. My own background for the perception of folk music comes from old Estonian runic tunes. When I analyzed Forest Nenets music by using this experience, I would come to the conclusions that would be considered wrong by the representatives of the Nenets culture. For the Nenets singer/composer it is rather important what he wants to say and not how he is going to shape it into a song. In my own traditional culture it is rather vice versa.\n      </p>", "This paper focuses on popular music written and produced by Singaporeans to illustrate the nature of social relationships based on ideological hegemony and resistance. Analysis is based on two groups of music: 'national' songs supported by the government in the 'Sing Singapore' programme; and songs brought together in Not the Singapore song book. Interviews with local lyricists and analysis of video productions provide supplementary information. Music is used by the ruling \u00e9lite to perpetuate certain ideologies aimed at political socialization and to inculcate a civil religion that directs favour and fervour towards the nation. Music is also a form of cultural resistance against state policies and some social-cultural norms. Music embodies social commentaries on aspects of Singapore society, such as controversial government policies and the ostentatious lifestyle of many Singaporeans.\n      </p>", "The sociology of music has been an area largely left to European sociologists. In an effort to generate greater domestic interest in the field, an examination of Max Weber's methodology and an update to his study of music is proposed. Fewer occupations or cultural projects are more social than making music, and the domestic sociological community's absence from the debate is deplorable given the dominant position our country possesses regarding musical production. Weber's Sociology of Music, which combines urban theory, class/labor theory, rationalization theory, and even climatic changes, is an excellent place to begin a thorough discussion of the social components of music. Our present understanding of cultural theories, urban theories, and Habermas's Communicative Action Theory can be employed to improve on Weber's theory; toward a new approach for the study of the sociology of music.\n      </p>", "in this study we examine a rhythmic pattern known as the Scotch Snap (SS): a sixteenth-note on the beat followed by a dotted eighth-note. A musical corpus analysis shows that the SS is common in both Scottish and English songs, but virtually nonexistent in German and Italian songs. We explore possible linguistic correlates for this phenomenon. Our reasoning is that languages in which stressed syllables are often short might tend to favor the SS pattern. The traditional distinction between long and short vowels correlates partly with the SS pattern across languages, but not completely. (German allows short stressed vowels, but the SS pattern is not common in German music.) We then examine the duration of stressed syllables in four modern speech corpora: one British English, one German, and two Italian. British English shows a much higher proportion of very short stressed syllables (less than 100 ms) than the other two languages. Four vowels account for a large proportion of very short stressed syllables in British English, and also constitute a large proportion of SS tokens in our English musical corpus. This is the first study known to us that establishes a correlation between speech rhythms in languages and musical rhythms in the songs of those languages.\n      </p>", "We propose a continued evaluation of Darwin\u2019s suggestion that musical functioning is sexually selected, because of recent evidence on sexual dimorphism and its relation to potentially musical activities. We also propose specifically that music may enhance social trust, and hence social coalition, and anticipate some empirical assessments of this idea. The extended altriciality of the human species and the sexual differentiation of empathic responses may link these two propositions.\n      </p>", "In order to locate text paraphrase in Vivaldi's opera librettos, as a clue to the composer's reuse of his own arias in operas for which the music is lost, and in order to reconstruct a pattern of interdependency among a group of related medieval music treatises, the authors created their own relational databases using the Savvy-PC programming language. The crucial, unique feature of this language is a COMPARE command that transcends the limitations of Key Word in Context searches. This system puts the scholar in control of programming functions on all DOS microcomputers, and outputs universally transferrable ASCII data files.\n      </p>", "The effects of music aptitude, sex, handedness, eyedness, and footedness on music achievement and executive skills of elementary instrumental music students was explored. Handedness was defined for the present study as the observed preferred hand used for a specific set of familiar tasks; eyedness refers to sighting dominance; and footedness was defined as the observed foot preferred to perform selected familiar tasks. A five-way multivariate analysis (2\u00d72\u00d73\u00d72\u00d73) was employed to analyze the data. No conclusive evidence was found to show that combinations of eye and limb dominance, sex differences, and music aptitude variables affect music achievement or executive skill variables. Only music aptitude levels when considered alone strongly affected tonal, rhythmic, and performance achievement.\n      </p>", "PREVIOUS RESEARCH HAS DEMONSTRATED THAT MUSICAL soundtracks can influence the emotional impact, interpretation, and remembering of visual information. The present research examines the reverse relationship and whether visual information influences the perception and memory of music. In Experiment 1, listeners were presented with affectively ambiguous tunes paired with visual displays varying in their affect (positive, negative) and format (video, montage), or a control condition (no visual information at all). After each, participants were asked to provide a set of perceptual ratings that evaluated different melody characteristics and qualities of the visual displays. Results showed that both the affect and format of visual information differentially influenced the way a melody was perceived. Experiment 2 extended these findings by revealing that the affect of visual displays distorted melody recognition in a mood congruent fashion. These results are discussed in terms of their theoretical implications for audiovisual processing.\n      </p>", "This study examined performer, rater, occasion, and sequence as sources of variability in music performance assessment. Generalizability theory served as the study's basis. Performers were 8 high school wind instrumentalists who had recently performed a solo. The author audio-recorded performers playing excerpts from their solo three times, establishing an occasion variable. To establish a rater variable, 10 certified adjudicators were asked to rate the performances from 0 (poor) to 100 (excellent). Raters were randomly assigned to one of five performance sequences, thus nesting raters within a sequence variable. Two G (generalizability) studies established that occasion and sequence produced virtually no measurement error. Raters were a strong source of error. D (decision) studies established the one-rater, one-occasion scenario as unreliable. In scenarios using the generalizability coefficient as a criterion, 5 hypothetical raters were necessary to reach the .80 benchmark. Using the dependability index, 17 hypothetical raters were necessary to reach .80.\n      </p>", "Drawing from debates in economic geography on relational and organisational proximity as a substitute for geographical proximity, the paper explores characteristics of knowledge transfer in London's recorded music industry through an examination of organisational connections on local and global scales. The paper demonstrates that knowledge transfer within the industry occurs simultaneously across multiple geographical scales, with certain organisational connections facilitating the transfer of tacit knowledge across organisational boundaries. However, the paper argues that these connections do not offer the same scope for trust as is afforded by frequent face-to-face contact and therefore offer only a partial substitute for geographical proximity.\n      </p>", "Listening to music makes us move in various ways. Several factors can affect the characteristics of these movements, including individual factors and musical features. Additionally, music-induced movement may also be shaped by the emotional content of the music, since emotions are an important element of musical expression. This study investigates possible relationships between emotional characteristics of music and music-induced, quasi-spontaneous movement. We recorded music-induced movement of 60 individuals, and computationally extracted features from the movement data. Additionally, the emotional content of the stimuli was assessed in a perceptual experiment. A subsequent correlational analysis revealed characteristic movement features for each emotion, suggesting that the body reflects emotional qualities of music. The results show similarities to movements of professional musicians and dancers, and to emotion-specific nonverbal behavior in general, and could furthermore be linked to notions of embodied music cognition. The valence and arousal ratings were subsequently projected onto polar coordinates to further investigate connections between the emotions of Russell\u2019s (1980) circumplex models and the movement features\n      </p>", "there is currently limited information about the effects of dementia diseases on semantic memory for music: memory for musical objects and concepts. Here we review available evidence and emerging research directions in semantic memory for music in the degenerative dementias. Neurodegenerative pathologies affect distributed brain networks and can therefore provide a perspective on musical semantic memory that complements the traditional neuropsychological paradigm of the focal brain lesion. Recent work suggests that semantic memory for music may be fractionated and may share certain cognitive organizational principles with semantic memory for other kinds of material. Profiles of impairment on different dimensions of musical semantic memory may show some specificity for particular dementia diseases (for example, semantic dementia versus Alzheimer's disease).\n      </p>", "Features of scores of music for which composers have provided both tempo directions and metronome marks are recorded in a relational database. Comparisons based on a selection of factors, chosen by the user, can then be performed to obtain an estimate of a metronome mark for a work for which none is given. Another type of application is to investigate the interpretation a composer places upon his tempo directions when aspects of the score which affect the perception of speed are taken into account. The design and operation of the database, which is written in the dBase IV programming language, are described. As an example of an application, a metronome mark for the first of Liszt's \"Transcendental Studies\" (1851) is estimated.\n      </p>", "people often report changes in emotional arousal when listening to their preferred music. Can this subjective impression be related to objective physiological measures? And if so, does preference induce arousal or could arousal also influence preference? In Study 1, participants listened to 18 pieces of music and rated the strength of preference as well as their experienced emotional arousal for each piece. In addition, physiological arousal was measured via heart rate, skin conductance, and respiration rate. Results showed that subjective reports about emotional arousal were much more closely connected to the strength of music preference than were physiological measures such as heart rate or skin conductance. The two types of arousal (emotional, physiological) were not substantially associated with each other. In Study 2, we manipulated physiological arousal while one group of participants watched their faces in a mirror during music listening. Effects on music preference differed: For a given piece of unknown music, higher induced arousal yielded higher preference ratings. However, this result only held when the music was not too complex. The results indicated that arousal was not solely a consequence of listening to preferred music but might also be a potent determinant of music preference.\n      </p>", "several reports have noted significant associations among phonological awareness, early reading skills, and music perception skills in young children. We examined whether music processing skills differentially predicted reading performance in a broad age range of 69 children with and without formal music training. Pitch perception was correlated with phonological awareness, a finding consistent with the hypothesis that basic auditory processing skills underlie the association between music and reading abilities. Nevertheless, the correlation between music skills and reading skills was affected by the presence of formal music training: pitch discrimination predicted reading ability only in children without formal music training. Studies examining the association between music perception and reading (and perhaps other cognitive domains as well) should not ignore the factor of music training.\n      </p>", "In this article, I examine the tense relationship between belonging and recognition that occurs as two young composers try to situate their musical identities between the urge to contest the hegemony of Western art music and the desire to be part of and recognized within this musical tradition. I draw on their participation as finalists in an international composition competition to examine how issues of identity, postcoloniality, and belonging, on the one hand, and of musical authorship, subjectivity, and agency, on the other hand, are woven into the highly ritualized processes of evaluation and recognition in contemporary Western art music.\n      </p>", "The 19th century proved to be the starting-point of modern Croatian thought (written in Croatian and German) on the aesthetics of music, music criticism, music historiography, and musicology and/or ethnomusicology. The basic aesthetic issues were nationalism in music, the Romantic theory of music as a language of the emotions, and Hanslick's idea of music as an autonomous art. Music criticism in the Croatian language was obviously directed towards promoting the national ideology, which was conceived in the period of the National Revival (1835-1850) and advocated by F. Kuha\u010d in the second half of the century. At the turn of the century, Impressionist criticism was inaugurated by A. G. Mato\u0161. The question of the national was also very important in the fields of musicology, ethnomusicology and musical historiography. Folk songs started to be collected in the first half of the century, and attention started to be paid in the field of music historiography to Croatian music history. The key person in the Croatian musicology/ethnomusicology and musical historiography of the 19th century was F. Kuha\u010d (1834-1911), who was, after all, the first in Croatia to introduce the term musicology in the press as early as in 1886. During the last decade of the 19th century Nj. Novak (1859-1905) wrote the first general survey of music history in Croatia, which was not published until 1994. /// Estetika glazbe, glazbena kritika i historiografija, kao i muzikologija i/ili etnomuzikologija u suvremenom smislu rije\u010di po\u010dele su se u Hrvatskoj razvijati tijekom 19. stolje\u0107a. Osnovne teme kojima se onodobna hrvatska estetika glazbe bavila bilo je pitanje nacionalnog u glazbi, zatim romanti\u010dka emotivisti\u010dka teorija glazbe kao jezika osje\u0107aja, te Hanslickova ideja glazbe kao autonomne umjetnosti. Na tom podru\u010dju posebno se isti\u010du svojim radnjama Vj. Novak, F. Kuha\u010d i F. Markovi\u0107. Prva glazbena kritika anonimnog autora napisana je i objavljena na njema\u010dkom jeziku u knji\u017eevno-zabavnom \u010dasopisu Luna 1826. godine. Tijekom razdoblja narodnog preporoda po\u010dinju se objavljivati u Danici Horvatskoj izvje\u0161\u0107a i prikazi glazbenih dogadjanja. Me\u0111utim, prvom pravom glazbenom kritikom na hrvatskom jeziku dr\u017ei se opse\u017ean tekst Stanka Vraza o izvedbi opere Ljubav i zloba V. Lisinskoga 1846. godine. Svojom kriti\u010dkom prosudbom glazbeni kriti\u010dari nastoje zadovoljiti esteti\u010dke i nacionalne kriterije. Nakon Vraza i D. Demetra isti\u010du se svojim glazbeno-kriti\u010dkim tekstovima F. Kuha\u010d i Vj. Novak, knji\u017eevnici A. \u0160enoa i I. Vojnovi\u0107, zatim (na njema\u010dkom jeziku) H. Hirschl i J. Belovi\u0107-Bernadzikowska, vjerojatno prva \u017eena u Hrvatskoj koja se bavila glazbenom kritikom. Prijelaz 19. u 20. stolje\u0107e obilje\u017een je djelovanjem A. G. Mato\u0161a, koji je inaugurirao impresionisti\u010dku glazbenu kritiku u Hrvatskoj, elemente koje su djelomice slijedili M. Cihlar Nehajev i D. Melkus. Zanimanje za pitanja nacionalnog u glazbi rezultirala su tako\u0111er na podru\u010dju muzikologije, etnomuzikologije i glazbene historiografije poja\u010danim interesom za prikupljanje folklornih napjeva ve\u0107 od prve polovice 19. stolje\u0107a, ali i istra\u017eivanjem hrvatske nacionalne glazbene povijesti, poglavito od druge polovice 19. stolje\u0107a. Klju\u010dna osoba u navedenim disciplinama bio je F. Kuha\u010d, koji je, napokon, prvi u Hrvatskom tisku inaugurirao sam termin muzikologija jo\u0161 1886. godine. Tijekom posljednjeg desetlje\u0107a 19. stolje\u0107a Vj. Novak je napisao prvu op\u0107u povijest glazbe, odnosno prvu glazbeno-historiografsku sintezu u Hrvatskoj, koja je ostala neobjavljena do 1994.\n      </p>", "This essay discusses the study of musical communities, taking as its point of departure the growing avoidance of the term \u201ccommunity\u201d within much of recent musical scholarship. After exploring factors that have been responsible for the move away from community studies, the paper details both the creation of new nomenclature and the discourse surrounding the introduction of these new terms. Based on insights drawn from musical ethnography with recent African immigrants to the United States, the paper goes on to propose a revised framework for approaching \u201ccommunity.\u201d It suggests that attention to processes of descent, dissent, and affinity both elucidates music's generative role in shaping new collectivities and unsettles the notion of music as a static sonic marker of social groupings. The conclusion touches briefly on new research from the sciences that is beginning to shed new light on music's role in generating social outcomes and the potential it holds for future collaboration with music scholars across disciplinary boundaries.\n      </p>", "The dominant question of nationalism in Irish music can profitably be addressed by supervening the tendency to understand Irish music only in contrast to music in Britain and instead to relocate the problems of Irish musical nationalism within a European context. By examining the claims to nationalism espoused and successfully realised in Czech music of the nineteenth century and by contrasting these with the failures of Irish music during the same period, we can better understand the 'exoticism' of Irish musical discourse in contrast to the integration of Slavic musical inflections with Germanic structural and generic prototypes in Bohemia. The aspirations to political, cultural and linguistic autonomy shared by Dublin and Prague in the nineteenth century (in direct relation to London and Vienna respectively) provide a context for such a comparative scrutiny, as do the singular examples of Charles Villiers Stanford and his Bohemian contemporary Anton\u00edn Dvor\u0159\u00e1k. The Irish composer, Stanford, failed to realise his own aspirations to create Germanic models of musical thought which might yet be unmistakably Irish' because his understanding of 'Ireland' was hostile to the notion of cultural and political autonomy. Stanford was personally ignorant of the Irish language and although his knowledge of Irish folk melody was immense, he could only regard this repertory as a shibboleth or token of Irish identity rather than as a fundamental expression or Irishness. Dvor\u0159\u00e1k, by contrast, avoided the wholesale transplantation of native melodies in his symphonies and operas and drew instead on the tradition of a Czech-inflected music established by Smetana. This tradition did not entail a rejection of the European aesthetic, but rather a sophisticated integration of Germanic models of musical discourse with the inflections of a deeply-felt and linguistically oriented understanding of Bohemian cultural identity. /// Pitanje nacionalnog dugo je dominiralo percepcijom (i u mnogim slu\u010dajevima i samim komponiranjem) umjetni\u010dke glazbe u Irskoj. Iako je ovo pitanje istaknuta karakteristika umjetni\u010dke glazbe i drugdje, osobito u slavenskim glazbenim kulturama, problem identifikacije s obzirom na glazbu u Irskoj kao specifi\u010dnog \u00bbirskog\u00ab fenomena dodatno je zakompliciran problemati\u010dnim odnosom Irske s Britanijom, naro\u010dito u pogledu percepcije europske estetike glazbe kao simbola kolonijalne nazo\u010dnosti. U ovom \u0107e se \u010dlanku poku\u0161ati redefinirati problematiku irskog glazbenog nacionalizma, uspore\u0111uju\u0107i ga s glazbom tijekom 19. stolje\u0107a u \u010de\u0161kim zemljama, osobito u u\u0161oj \u010ce\u010dkoj, radije nego nastaviti s tom problematikom u svje\u017eijem razmatranju \u00bbetniciteta\u00ab kao odre\u0111uju\u0107eg \u010dimbenika u irskoj glazbi.Tako se mogu ustanoviti tri kontrastne to\u010dke izme\u0111u Irske i \u010ce\u0161ke: 1) vrlo sli\u010dni odnosi koji su u 19. stolje\u0107u postojali izme\u0111u Dublina i Londona s jedne te Praga i Be\u010da s druge strane; 2) izravna usporedba djela Charlesa Villiersa Stanforda i Anton\u00edna Dvo\u0159\u00e1ka, koji bijahu suvremenici, koji su se me\u0111usobno poznavali te koji su se svaki za sebe pozabavili pitanjem etniciteta u irskoj i \u010de\u010d koj glazbi; 3) \u0161ira usporedba \"egzoti\u010dnih\" primjena etni\u010dkih na\u010dela u irskoj umjetni\u010dkoj glazbi i integracija tih na\u010dela u \u010de\u0161koj glazbi. Pozivaju\u0107i se na napise Carla Dahlhausa, Richarda Taruskina, Jeremyja Stanforda i Michaela Beckermana mo\u017eemo konstruirati lokalnije definiranu teoriju glazbeno nacionalnog s obzirom na Irsku i \u010ce\u0161ku, koja ne ovisi o predodredenim pojmovima \u00bbautenti\u010dnosti\u00ab, nego o politi\u010dkim, kulturnim i glazbenim konvencijama koje glazbu informiraju u svakome od ovih slu\u010dajeva. Usporedimo li, na primjer, percepciju glazbe u Pragu i Dublinu, otkrit \u0107emo da je koloni jalno-nacionalni model urbane recepcije koji je glazba u\u017eivala u Pragu bio primjetno razli\u010dit od primjene toga modela u Dublinu. Iako su i Dublin i Prag bili \u00bbdrugi gradovi\u00ab u odnosu na London i Be\u010d, ponovno o\u017eivljavanje gelske kulture (uklju\u010duju\u0107i glazbu) u Dublinu je krajem 19. stolje\u0107a proizvelo u najboljem slu\u010daju odgovaraju\u0107u ravnodu\u0161nost, a u najgorem slu\u010daju otvoreno neprijateljstvo spram europske (posebno njema\u010dke) glazbene kulture. Suprotno tome, uspon \u010de\u0161kog glazbeno nacionalnog elementa tra\u017eio je, posebno u Smetane, integraciju njema\u010dkih modela glazbenog mi\u017eljenja i infleksija i intonacija slavenskog glazbenog folklora. Daleko od naivnog citiranja cjelovitih narodnih melodija, Smetana je inzistirao na razvijanju \u010de\u0161ke umjetni\u010dke glazbe koja bi trebala odra\u017eavati njegovu domovinu s pomo\u0107u njema\u010dkih modela i tehnika, koje bijahu njegovo \u00bbnaslije\u0111eno pravo\u00ab kao europskog skladatelja. (Istaknuto mjesto \u010de\u0161kih skladatelja u kasnobaroknoj tradiciji europske umjetni\u010dke glazbe pru\u017ea barem djelomi\u010dno obja\u0161njenje za uspjeh Smetanina integriranog pristupa stvaranju \u00bbnacionalne\u00ab umjetni\u0107ke glazbe.) Me\u0111utim, u Irskoj su se napori da se njema\u010dki modeli glazbenog mi\u0161ljenja uklope razbili o \u00bbegzoti\u010dni\u00ab pristup doma\u0107em repertoaru narodnih melodija, a posljedica je bila da skladatelji poput Stanforda nisu supjeli posti\u0107i onu vrst glazbene integriranosti koja bi rezultirala u djelima nepogre\u0161ivo smatranim irskima, a opet usredoto\u010denima na europsku tradiciju u cjelini. Usporedimo li simfonijski idiom koji je usvojio Stanford i idiom njegova suvremenika Dvo\u0159\u00e1ka, otkrit \u0107emo da irski skladatelj nije mogao nadi\u0107i vlastito povr\u0161no poimanje irske glazbe i svoju istodobnu te\u017enju da pi\u0161e unjema\u010dkom stilu. (Kao \u00bbbritanskog\u00ab skladatelja, Stanforda su sli\u010dno tome prezreli njegovi mla\u0111i engleski suvremenici, uklju\u010duju\u0107i Elgara, koji se zgra\u017eao nad njema\u010dkim infleksijama Stanfordove glazbe.) Suprotno ovome, Dvo\u0159\u00e1k je izbjegnuo naivnu transplantaciju narodnih pjesama u svoje simfonije, a opet je pro\u017eeo svoju glazbu s izrazito slavenskim elementima, koji se povre-meno pro\u0161iruju u strukturne modele (Dumka je dobar primjer za to). I u podru\u010dju opere na\u0107i \u0107emo sna\u017ean kontrast izme\u0111u Stanfordova zatajivanja njegova najotvorenije \u00bbirskoga\u00ab djela Shamus O'Brien iz 1910. godine, jer ga se moglo shvatiti kao da podupire stvar irske politi\u010dke autonomije, i kasnoga rascvata Dvo\u0159\u00e1kove karijere kao opernog skladatelja, koji je odlu\u010duju\u0107e pridonio tradiciji \u010de\u0161ke opere \u0161to su je ustanovili Smetana i njegovi suvremenici. Tako razumijevanje \u00bbetniciteta\u00ab \u010de\u0161ke glazbe 19. stolje\u0107a predstavlja slo\u017eenac glazbenih i povijesnih ideja, koji dopu\u0161ta da ta glazba bude \u00bbo\u00ab \u010ce\u0161koj \u010dak i onda kada se to posti\u017ee s pomo\u0107u op\u0107ih prototipova (simfonija, opera) njema\u010dkog romantizma. U tu\u017enom kontrastu ovome, u irskoj glazbi \u00bbturisti\u010dko nacionalno\u00ab neprovarenih narodnih melodija predstavlja egzoti\u010dnost koja je onemogu\u0107ila stvaranje autenti\u010dne irske umjetni\u010dke glazbe.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this study was to investigate tuning preferences regarding recorded orchestral music. Specifically, the study was designed to test subjects' tuning preferences while investigating both the direction and magnitude of mistuning. Sixty randomly selected undergraduate and graduate music students modulated a variable speed tape recorder to preferred pitch levels. Stimuli were recorded excerpts of ten orchestral works, each representative of a different key. Subjects listened to the thirty-second excerpts and turned a linear continuous-speed control knob with a pitch range of approximately an augmented fourth. Data consisted of cent deviation scores relative to A = 440 Hz. Results indicated a marked propensity to tune these excerpts sharper than their recorded pitch level. Subjects' responses indicated the mean cent deviation for sharp tunings to be 149.29 cents (approximately 1\u00bd semi-tones); when tuning flat, the mean deviation was 88.43 cents.\n      </p>", "One year ago we published a review article in Music Perception surveying and summarizing the empirical literature relevant to the evolutionary origins of music. Seven pieces commenting on our review have appeared in the present issue. In this reply we discuss some of the arguments made by the commentators and clarify some of the points made in our original review.\n      </p>"], "words": {"essay": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "limited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "semantic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chinese": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "graham": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physiological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 50, "prob": 0.0004140632440198916}, "mediated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "summarizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "belonging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "string": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "song": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resistance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "categories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "look": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "did": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "noted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sex,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "likely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "replicated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "folk": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "majors": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preferences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "celebrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitudes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reconstruction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "celebrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contrast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lessons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "answers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reported": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "directions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "along": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teacher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "search": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "studied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "deities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "completely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controversy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "periodic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "musically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "via": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "useful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addressed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "composer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "links": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "socialization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "music": {"number": 80, "prob": 0.0006625011904318266}, "archives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "memory": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "assessment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hegemony": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standardized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "curriculum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constructs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instrumental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "visual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particular": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "debates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "can": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "evolved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "making": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spontaneous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rehabilitation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "vivaldi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "synchronized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "boccherini": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "native": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "needs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "court": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "locates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discussion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "forest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acquisition,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "profile": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "product": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explored": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "designed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "date": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "realized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "short": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biographical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "departure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argued,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "african": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "music,": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolutionary": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "move": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "produced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brain": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "paper": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "through": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "pitch": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "still": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "avenue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "tendency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapidly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "la": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "writing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biomedical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "texas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "them": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "good": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diseases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "propose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "material": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "therapy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schools": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "jesus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "structural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "term": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "document": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cognition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "university": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establishing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "skills": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "magnitude": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "domain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "availability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "year": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "try": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "god": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "robert": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "transforming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perception": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tempo": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beginning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seventy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "language": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "could": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "musicians": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "place": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appropriateness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emotion": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "there": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "features": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "grade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "occurrences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specificity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "illustrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "city": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unknown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engagement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lesbian": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "their": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "structures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "urban": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "option": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "academy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appreciation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focusing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thai": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grew": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instruction": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "scenes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aims": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "youth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "are": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "and": {"number": 59, "prob": 0.000488594627943472}, "san": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "correspond": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socio": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "dementia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seek": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "linked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "viewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ratings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditionally": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "oriented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sciences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "commentary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "korean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "begin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "normal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethnographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "object": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "harmful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "printed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "representation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intrinsic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achievement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tanzania": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "popularity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "musical": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "traditional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "came": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emerging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "text": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "find": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "title": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "theme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "darwin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "do": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "his": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dominant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hungarian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "familiar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "de": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "preferred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "closely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "during": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "secondary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "course": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "denmark": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produced,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "croatia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ascertain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "london": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requirement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "art": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intelligence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "culture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expert": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pattern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "currently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "label": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "written": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "score": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "occupational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "avoidance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interpretation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "extend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "longitudinal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "taking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deficits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "migration,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "argue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relevant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "point": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sampling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "news": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wider": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organisational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undergraduate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "differs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "been": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "strategy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "define": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "champion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "am": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tense": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deep": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "church,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sound": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "these": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "empirical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employ": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "replaced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teachers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medicinal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 21, "prob": 0.00017390656248835446}, "it": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "according": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "audiences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 54, "prob": 0.0004471883035414829}, "arenas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "everyday": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "movements": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "grown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "media": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "belong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "any": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "member": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "speech": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "independent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "published": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genres": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "renaissance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "frequently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tradition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "center": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "i": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "makes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stimuli": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "does": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 97, "prob": 0.0008032826933985897}, "audio": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drawing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "researchers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "left": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "listening": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proximity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "executive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "networks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "violent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functionally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "trained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "readers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thinking": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "similarities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "snap": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "profitably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tests": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "showing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "posed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "performance": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "variants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "desire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paraphrase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cognitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systematically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multicultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "continue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "popular": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "invaluable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "therapeutic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beneficial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "verbal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "humorous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "church": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognition": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "composers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sociology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "recorded": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "overlap": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "situate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demonstrated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "locate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "who": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "database": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marketing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "journal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "processing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "metaphor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "by": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "on": {"number": 20, "prob": 0.00016562529760795664}, "about": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "goods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carried": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "origins": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 84, "prob": 0.0006956262499534179}, "industry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognized": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "distinct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discusses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "jacques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "within": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "negative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involvement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elementary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "significantly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transfer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sequence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clinical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "charts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heritage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "materials": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rhythmic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developments,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "places": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "us": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perception,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emotional": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "irish": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adults": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dissemination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "intimately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "britain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "file": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surveying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "nationalism": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "autism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "functions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "administered": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "when": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "multitude": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "setting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "digital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "you": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seeger": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "musician": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "emerges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enrolled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sociologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ago": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remote": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychiatry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "starting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}