{"total_words": 1313, "documents": ["The Shimentai Nature Reserve in Yingde County, Guangdong Province, China, established recently in a subtropical upland forest area, has served for ages as an essential and customary source of livelihood for local people. Assessment of forest usage indicates heavy reliance by villagers on its diversified biotic resources. This forest dependence, associated with socioeconomic factors such as distance from village, ethnic origin, out-migration of rural youngsters, and a local tradition of conservation, is unlikely to decline in the near future. The reserve management recognizes the need to address the livelihood issues of local people and to win local support. A pragmatic adherence to provincial and higher-level policies that exclude forest-tapping activities could lead to more people-versus-park conflicts, which would dilute fundamental conservation objectives. A more enlightened and localized approach that nurtures a synergy between limited forest use and conservation while helping to develop new income sources could furnish workable alternatives.\n      </p>", "The history of gardens and the history of humans are linked inextricably, especially in the context of environment. As people and their institutions have changed, so too have gardens. This brief essay illustrates some important aspects in the evolution of gardens, exploring three seemingly discrete, but actually interconnected, notions: the antiquity of gardens, combining archaeological data with ethnographic parallels; the role of gardens in the changing spatial manifestations of agriculture, from dump heaps to amber waves of grain; and the transformation of domestic space, the literal and figurative reconstruction of garden fences into house walls. Changes are discussed as inadvertent products, rather than as consequences of deliberate actions. Modern ideas about categorizing landscapes are challenged further. The nature/culture dualism is a myth even at the household scale, as is our traditional way of looking at the world.\n      </p>", ". This article analyzes New Zealand's rights-based system of fisheries management from the perspective of local stakeholders on northern Great Barrier Island. The research identified differing perspectives through use of the concept of \"boundary construction,\" not only in terms of society and nature but also among societal institutions. Great Barrier Island participants exhibited significant differences, especially between staff of the local Department of Conservation and local Maori, both of whom were engaged in negotiating policy implementation at the local level. These differences expressed themselves in conceptions of both societal boundaries--the scale at which community was envisioned--and conceptions of the boundary between nature and culture. The findings confirm the need for the continued development of models of community-based resource management as well as for the conceptual integration of society and nature in the realm of policy construction.\n      </p>", "Anthropological writing about the new reproductive technologies has focused on how they undermine presumed links between nature and culture in kinship. Surrogate motherhood in particular is said to show that \"natural facts\" serve as symbolic resources to facilitate choice, a key value of Western culture. This work has generated important insights into contemporary discourse about the social and cultural implications of reproductive technology. However, treating nature as a cultural domain exacerbates the tendency to divorce kinship from biology. An analysis of the stated motives of women who become gestational surrogates is presented here to support an argument that a focus on emotion, and its manipulation, can help anthropologists to better integrate human nature and culture in the study of kinship.\n      </p>", "It is often suggested in contemporary anthropology that Western views of nature are fundamentally different from those in \"societies of nature,\" supposed to conceptualise the environment in non-dualistic terms. The author questions this view by discussing in some detail three different views on nature in Roman Catholic tradition. Firmly rooted in a dualistic worldview, although not as rigid as sometimes assumed, this tradition conceptually separates nature, humankind, and the divine. However, many features assumed to characterise non-Western views of nature, such as animistic beliefs and images of communion with nature, form an integral part of scholarly Roman Catholic thought as well as of popular religious practices. Roman Catholic tradition emerges as a dynamic tradition of ideas which allows the relationships between nature and other domains to be construed in diverse ways.\n      </p>", "Previous studies have promoted the positive impacts of contact and connection with nature. Correspondingly, literature suggests that nature disconnect poses risks. Using a mixed-method design, this article examines how urban minority children perceive and define nature. While there is some research on the impact of contact with nature among children of previous generations, it is necessary to determine if the current generation of young people reap the suggested benefits of that connection or are exposed to the consequences of insufficient contact with nature. Literature suggests that children, especially those residing in low-income urban locations in the U.S., are experiencing a nature deficit. Based on research with 50 fifth-grade students in a major metropolitan U.S. school district (Houston Independent School District) the aim of this paper was first, to understand how children define and attach meaning to nature, and second, to portray children's perceptions and experiences with nature. Findings indicate sizeable variations in children's nature relationships. Implications related to direct exposure to nature and subsequent connections are discussed.\n      </p>", "This paper analyses social constructions of nature in different discursive contexts and the ways in which particular representations of nature are used to legitimate specific institutional policies and practices. The proposal to create a commercial and entertainment development on the Rainham Marshes Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in east London provides the case study. Drawing on arguments from media sociology and the sociology of risk, the paper explores the identification of distinctive myths of nature associated with particular sociopolitical formations within the discourses of developers, conservationists, the media and the public. Detailed ethnographic research reveals how the developers and conservationists employed different constructions of nature to justify their respective positions and how different local audiences made sense of competing claims about the relative worth of the 'nature' on their doorsteps.\n      </p>", "This article engages both the \"construction of nature\" thesis and the project of legal geography to examine law as a culturally significant site wherein \"nature\" is produced. Because the meaning of \"nature\" is often a function of its contrasts with the category \"human,\" to participate in the construction of one is, almost by definition, to participate in the construction of the other. After discussing law as a site of cultural production in general terms, this article surveys a range of legal contexts in which the nature/human distinction is a central conceptual-political concern. These contexts include nature as externality (wilderness), animality (bestiality), and corporeality (reproductive technologies and the involuntary medication of inmates). The article's conclusion addresses the pragmatics of constructivism within the context of existing humanist-liberal legal frames of reference.\n      </p>", "Explaining grass richness patterns over broad geographic scales is a central issue of biogeography and macroecology. In this investigation, we document the richness patterns of grasses across China's nature reserves, and discuss their possible explanations at national and regional scales using grass richness data coupled with information from climatic and topographical variables. Our results suggest that the water-and energy-related variables and elevation range (a surrogate of topographical heterogeneity) represent the primary explanations for the variation in grass richness across China's nature reserves. Significant relationships were found between energy and all grasses, water and C\u2083 grasses, and the combination of water and energy and C\u2084 grasses at the national scale. Topographical heterogeneity is strongly associated with grass richness across China, whereas climatic constraints to grass diversity vary regionally. In regions of high rainfall, the presence of C 4 grasses is determined by annual potential evapotranspiration and sunshine hours; the climatic constraint to C\u2083 grass richness in a large and varied region is sunshine hours; whereas in regions of low soil temperature, the temperature determines the grass richness pattern. Our results also suggest that water variables alone do not represent the primary predictor of grass richness at the regional scale.\n      </p>", "Scholars of Marx often spend much effort to emphasize the socio-historical characteristics of Marx's concept of nature. At the same time, from this concept of nature, one seems to be able to deduce a strong sense of historical anthropocentricism and relativism. But through an exploration of the results of Rorty's discarding the distinction between \"natural\" and \"man-made\" and Strauss' clearing up value relativism in terms of the concept of nature, people will find that historicism is a world outlook that brought its historical circumstances on itself. It neglects the fundamental role of nature in the structure of the relationships between nature and history. A modern result of it is that it fails to offer any universal norms.\n      </p>", "The embanking of the Thames was an emblematic stage in the construction of modernity's discourse of 'the natural', re-engineering the river as a concrete framing of nature between the embankment walls and a representational framing of the natural within an engineering ideology. The legitimacy of embanking's control was, therefore, about both physical mechanisms and a particular discourse of the natural, but the Thames embankments did not merely reflect modernity's discourse - they actively helped mould it. The creation of a discourse of embanking was slow and hesitant, the product of the interplay between the subsidiary discourses of urban improvement and sanitarianism, and an opposing discourse of tradition. When built, the embankments acted as a fixed, ordered boundary between the cultured nature of the drained, commodified land, and the regulated liveliness of the river. They acted literally and figuratively to sever culture from a nature that was enclosed and tamed by embankment walls.\n      </p>", "Past protected-area (PA) designation in China followed a centralized administrative approach with minimum participation of lower-echelon governments. A period of deregulation and decentralization in 1979-91 without the benefit of relevant legislation resulted in few designations and poor management. Responding to national and international encouragement to augment the conservation of natural resources, the central government enacted statutory procedures in 1991 to encourage and regulate PA establishments at different administrative levels of government. The study evaluates the effectiveness of the new procedures in fulfilling conservation objectives. The new legislative and administrative regime reinforces deregulation and decentralization by devolving designation power and shifting financial and management responsibilities to lower levels of government, and involving more scientists and objective site assessment in PA design and assessment. Problems have arisen in the designation process due to the omission of key biota and ecosystems, bypassing the scientific assessment stage, too much emphasis on non-conservation gains, ignoring the needs of local communities, escalating people-park conflicts, intensifying paper-park syndrome, and the conflicting role of experts. The recently designated Shimentai Provincial Rank Nature Reserve in a mountain area in south China served as a case study to illustrate the procedures and problems.\n      </p>", "An attempt is made to give a 10,000-year perspective on the relations of history, culture, and the nonhuman world called nature. A Holocene narrative of processes separates human societies and their cultures: things that individuate and pull apart to the point of fragmentation versus those that are binding. These tendencies toward convergence may coalesce, as with the natural sciences or global electronic technology. Equally, they may involve centrifugal processes, as in the creative arts or in forms of representation accessible only to certain groups or cultures. The environment resonates in a series of segmented channels, considerably complicated by a binary Western culture, often with 1 as acceptable and 0 as the Other. Is a purposeful path laid down by someone else and followed to its predetermined end in Utopia, or do we cherish something more open and contingent?\n      </p>", "Observing the giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) in the remote mountains of Foping Nature Reserve (NR), China, is difficult due to the dense vegetation and steep terrain. Radiotracking is an effective way to study this animal and understand its behavior and habitat use. We used radiotracking data from 3 male and 3 female pandas to study their movement patterns between 1991 and 1995 in Foping NR. Our results show that the pandas in Foping NR occupied 2 distinct seasonal ranges (specifically, winter and summer activity ranges) and had a regular seasonal movement between the winter range below 1,950 m and the summer range above 2,160 m. The pandas climbed from the winter to the summer habitats within a period of 8 days from 7 to 15 June, and descended to the winter habitat between 1 September and 6 October. Therefore, the pandas spent about three-fourths of the year (average 243 days) in their winter activity range and an average of 78 days in the summer activity range. Our results provide managers with more accurate information about the pandas' movements quantitatively and visually, which can contribute to panda conservation.\n      </p>", "Three approaches to the description of eucalypt forest vegetation are described. Using presence/absence data (81 sites, 129 species) an agglomerative, hierarchical classification method based on information analysis produced ecologically meaningful groups. Quantitative measures of the dominance of the principal trees were back-plotted onto the two-way classification table to define communities in terms of their canopy composition. A good relationship was found and variations in this are discussed. Direct gradient analysis of communities was done by plotting the classified sites onto altitude/aspect axes. This proved useful in interpreting the groups as mappable units. The environmental range of the main trees was defined by plotting their importance as relative basal area on these axes. Indirect gradient analysis by principal co-ordinate analysis of sites and species using presence/absence data proved disappointing. Whilst emphasizing the inherent continuum character of several classification groups, the analyses appeared to suffer from non-linear distortion and did not suggest unambiguous relationships with any direct environmental gradients or resource gradients. The vegetation communities of Tidbinbilla Nature Reserve are briefly described and related to the local climate and geology. Classification and direct gradient analysis emerged as the most valuable aids to mapping and the hierarchical nature of the first may allow systematic simplification at smaller scales.\n      </p>", "Postcolonial theory has asserted the need to carefully consider how present-day social and cultural practices are marked by histories of colonialism. This paper explores representations of the `rainforest' and `nature' in British Columbia, Canada, and traces a series of `buried epistemologies' through which neocolonial relations are asserted in the region. Drawing upon recent representations of the forest proffered by the forest industry and the environmental movement, and the historical writings of a prominent nineteenth-century geologist and amateur ethnologist, the author shows how `nature' (`wilderness') has been constructed as a realm separate from `culture.' He locates in this the possibility for contemporary practices that abstract and displace the `forest' from its cultural surrounds and relocate it within the abstract spaces of the market, the nation, and, in recent ecological rhetorics, the biosphere and the global community. By so doing, the author contests assumptions that colonialism is only an `ugly chapter' of Canadian history and argues instead that colonialist practices and rhetorics remain present but unthought in many of the categories, identities, and representational practices that are deployed today both in public debate and scientific management of `natural landscapes' and `natural resources.' Thus, amid the current popularity of notions like sustainable development, biodiversity management, ecosystem restoration, and so on-which risk abstracting natural `systems' apart from their cultural surrounds-it is essential to recognize the colonial histories and neocolonial rhetorics that continue to infuse `commonsense' categories and identities like `nature' and `resources.'\n      </p>", "Claims to understanding the nature of human nature must be evaluated empirically. Specifically, understanding implies an ability to predict (although not vice versa), an ability greater than the benchmark ability based on characteristics and categorizations naively used in social prediction-such as age, gender, social and educational status, medical and legal history, and so on. Moreover, an understanding of human nature implies a predictive ability that is greater than that obtained from a consideration of single characteristics and variables additively combined. A range of results indicates that such additive, ceteris paribus, prediction is all that results from social science research-and that many of the variables used in such prediction are of the benchmark variety. Given the lack of validity of predictions based on nonlinear, hierarchical, or interactive assumptions about human nature, we can conclude that social science claims about understanding it are unwarranted. Psychologists and other social scientists can, however, use their ceteris paribus knowledge of important characteristics to influence human behavior and important social outcomes.\n      </p>", "After 50 years of steady increase, per capita visits to U.S. National Parks have declined since 1987. To evaluate whether we are seeing a fundamental shift away from people's interest in nature, we tested for similar longitudinal declines in 16 time series representing four classes of nature participation variables: (i) visitation to various types of public lands in the U.S. and National Parks in Japan and Spain, (ii) number of various types of U.S. game licenses issued, (iii) indicators of time spent camping, and (iv) indicators of time spent backpacking or hiking. The four variables with the greatest per capita participation were visits to Japanese National Parks, U.S. State Parks, U.S. National Parks, and U.S. National Forests, with an average individual participating 0.74-2.75 times per year. All four time series are in downtrends, with linear regressions showing ongoing losses of -1.0% to -3.1% per year. The longest and most complete time series tested suggest that typical declines in per capita nature recreation began between 1981 and 1991, are proceeding at rates of -1.0% to -1.3% per year, and total to date -18% to -25%. Spearman correlation analyses were performed on untransformed time series and on transformed percentage year-to-year changes. Results showed very highly significant correlations between many of the highest per capita participation variables in both untransformed and in difference models, further corroborating the general downtrend in nature recreation. In conclusion, all major lines of evidence point to an ongoing and fundamental shift away from nature-based recreation.\n      </p>", "Little is known about habitat selection of the giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca), especially about the relationship between giant panda presence and bamboo and tree structures. We presented data on giant panda habitat use and selection in Foping Nature Reserve (NR), China. We used 1,066 radiotracking locations for 6 collared individuals to analyze giant panda habitat selection, and we used 110 plots to reveal the structure of giant panda habitat and its relationship with giant panda presence. We found that (1) giant pandas in Foping NR selected mostly 3 habitats: conifer forest, deciduous broadleaf forest, and Fargesia bamboo groves. (2) In winter, giant pandas selected deciduous broadleaf forest within elevations of 1,600 to 1,800 m with a south-facing slope of 10 to 20 degrees. In summer, giant pandas selected conifer forest within elevations of 2,400 to 2,600 m and a slope of 20 to 30 degrees. (3) Giant pandas selected the Bashaina fargesii bamboo area with short and dense culms in winter, while they selected the Fargesia qinlingensis bamboo area with a high coverage of tall and thick culms in summer. We concluded that giant pandas in Foping NR do select their preferred habitats. These findings may be used to guide the human activities in the reserve with consideration of giant panda habitat conditions.\n      </p>", "Central to prospect theory are far-reaching claims about what people fear and what gratifies them. Subjective well-being is a topic that social science has been reluctant to discuss in recent years, but it is central to much of our lives. A loss inflicts more harm than a comparable gain produces pleasure; this fact and the related endowment effect are important parts of our psychological makeup. The importance of change rather than absolute value position, and the related significance of the reference point and how it can be altered, can be seen as integral to human nature.\n      </p>", "In Swedish preschools, visits to nature environments are traditionally seen as important, and during the past two decades, interest in outdoor education has increased. This article concerns different ways of talking about and making use of nature in everyday activities in a Swedish preschool with an outdoor focus. The researcher studied 32 children between 1 \u00bd and 6 years old and their teachers during a one-year period. The data collected include ethnographic material such as video observations, interviews and local documents. The analysis indicates that nature is used in three ways: as a classroom where children learn about nature, as a home\u2014a peaceful place for eating, sleeping and playing, and as an enchanted world, a fairyland.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this research study is to explore year 6, 8 &amp; 11 (13, 15 and 17 years old respectively) Turkish pupils' views about the particulate nature of matter within the context of phase changes. About 300 pupils participated in the study. Questionnaires distributed to year 6, 8 and 11 pupils included 6-item open-ended questions about (a) arrangement and movement of particles in a solid, liquid and gas and (b) application of particulate ideas to explain phase changes. In addition to questionnaires, semi-structured interviews were carried out with pupils. Results indicated that many pupils, even older ones, had difficulties in applying the particulate theory to explain phase changes despite science teaching. The study has several implications for both teachers and curriculum designers.\n      </p>", "Through their ingenuity, North Americans harnessed nature's powers to the limits, creating great cities in our past. Five are analyzed closely. But nature does not allow further grand developments, hence cities can no longer lead and so decay. Great cities are in the past. Yet liberalism and a belief in progressive growth still dominates culture. Only a sea change in our ways will make cities, where nearly everyone resides, livable.\n      </p>", "Nature conservation in the UK comprises not only a response to the perceived impacts of rationalization on nature but is itself a dimension of that process of rationalization. The paper describes the development of conservation institutions and ideologies in the UK and considers the ways in which ecology (and particularly ideas of nature as equilibrium) have provided the intellectual framework for conservation. Ecology underpinned the establishment of government conservation institutions, provided intellectual strategies for classifying and objectifying nature, and provided the knowledge base for the control and management of nature. The paper discusses the implications of non-equilibrial ideas in ecology for ideas and practice in conservation and the implications of responses to them in the form of re-rationalization.\n      </p>", "In this article, I draw on anthropological and feminist scholarship on the body and the nature/culture divide as a framework for understanding the place of surrogate mothers in a conceptual ideology that connects motherhood with nature. I explore links between the medicalization of childbirth in Israel and the personal agency of surrogate mothers as relayed through interviews. Taking the patriarchal context of the Israeli surrogacy law of 1996 into consideration, I underscore surrogates' imaginative use of medical metaphors as tools for the subversion of surrogacy's threatening social connotations. By redefining the surrogate body as \"artificial\" and locating \"nature\" in the commissioning mother's body, surrogates adopt medical rhetoric to transform surrogacy from a transgressive act into an alternative route toward achieving normative Israeli national reproductive goals.\n      </p>", "Au lieu de soutenir que la nature est un ensemble de ph\u00e9nom\u00e8nes sui generis interreli\u00e9s, cet article explore l'id\u00e9e de la nature comme manifestation d'une fronti\u00e8re existentielle entre ce qui peut et ce qui ne peut pas \u00eatre appr\u00e9hend\u00e9, choisi et contr\u00f4l\u00e9 directement par l'action humaine ou l'agence. Par le biais d'exemples ethnographiques, de r\u00e9flexions personnelles et de digressions th\u00e9oriques, cet article r\u00e9v\u00e8le que les seuils instables entre l'eigenwelt, le mitwelt et l'umwelt sont des lieux d'oscillations incessantes, ambivalentes et f\u00e2cheuses entre les fa\u00e7ons d'\u00eatre passives et actives de m\u00eame qu'entre la vie et la mort. /// Rather than argue that nature is a collection of phenomena that are sui generis interrelated, this article explores the idea of nature as a manifestation of an existential frontier between what can and what cannot be apprehended, selected and controlled directly by human action or agency. Through ethnographic examples, personal reflections and theoretical digressions, this article reveals that the unstable thresholds between eigenwelt, mitwelt and umwelt are loci of ceaseless, ambivalent and unfortunate oscillations between ways of being passive and active and between life and death.\n      </p>", "Question: Do large herbivores contribute to the dispersal of plant seeds between isolated habitats by epizoochory? Location: Nature reserves in Flanders, Belgium. Methods: Epizoochory was studied by brushing plant seeds from the fur of 201 domesticated large herbivores (Galloway cattle, donkeys and horses), grazing in 27 Flemish nature reserves. Several herbivores were examined after transport between different nature reserves as part of the seasonal grazing system in Flanders, allowing detection of seed dispersal both within and between reserves. The seedling emergence method was used to identify the dispersed plant species. Results: In total, 6385 epizoochorous seeds from 75 species germinated, yet the real seed quantity was underestimated by the seedling emergence method. A wide variety of seed morphology, seed weights and plant heights was represented among the dispersed species, many of which had a transient seed bank. There was a gradual turnover in epizoochorous species composition in the course of the vegetation season, and seed dispersal occurred both within and between different nature reserves. Conclusions: Domesticated large herbivores, as models for wild mammals in the present and the past, are important dispersers of many plant species. Through seasonal grazing, the herbivores function as 'mobile link organisms', connecting isolated nature reserves through seed dispersal, possibly influencing vegetation development and long-term survival of plant populations. As such, large herbivores are important instruments in ecological restoration, especially in fragmented ecosystems.\n      </p>", "Public choice scholars routinely claim that coercion can be used to solve the social dilemma. However, while social contract theorists have frequently described state-of-nature societies using game theory, they have not used game theory to show how coercive action within such societies can improve outcomes. Here I operationalize the concepts of coercion and governance within a Prisoners' Dilemma (PD) framework; governance is operationalized as coercion to compliance, and to adopt a coercive strategy is to impose a strategy choice upon another player. I show that, under certain conditions, adding governance strategies to a noncoercive one-shot PD game can improve outcomes.\n      </p>", "Global biodiversity loss is largely driven by human activities such as the conversion of natural to human-dominated landscapes. A popular approach to mitigating land cover change is the designation of protected areas (e.g., nature reserves). Nature reserves are traditionally perceived as strongholds of biodiversity conservation. However, many reserves are affected by land cover changes not only within their boundaries, but also in their surrounding areas. This study analyzed the changes in habitat for the giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) inside Wolong Nature Reserve, Sichuan, China, and in a 3-km buffer area outside its boundaries, through a time series of classified satellite imagery and field observations. Habitat connectivity between the inside and the outside of the reserve diminished between 1965 and 2001 because panda habitat was steadily lost both inside and outside the reserve. However, habitat connectivity slightly increased between 1997 and 2001 due to the stabilization of some panda habitat inside and outside the reserve. This stabilization most likely occurred as a response to changes in socioeconomic activities (e.g., shifts from agricultural to nonagricultural economies). Recently implemented government policies could further mitigate the impacts of land cover change on panda habitat. The results suggest that Wolong Nature Reserve, and perhaps other nature reserves in other parts of the world, cannot be managed as an isolated entity because habitat connectivity declines with land cover changes outside the reserve even if the area inside the reserve is well protected. The findings and approaches presented in this paper may also have important implications for the management of other nature reserves across the world.\n      </p>", "Marx's conception of human nature includes human \u201cpassions\u201d and \u201cemotions\u201d as fundamental, integrative aspects of our social nature and our human capacity for \u201cfree conscious activity.\u201d However, \u201cemotion\u201d has been largely excluded from the sociological lexicon and the capacity for conscious action has often been viewed at the level of the individual actor and, moreover, in overly \u201ccognitive\u201d and \u201crational\u201d terms. As a result, the very reading of classic texts has been historically biased against the seeing of emotion, even when it is addressed. What difference does the inclusion of emotion in Marx's conception of human nature make for our understanding of both his theory of estrangement and related work today?\n      </p>", "This paper examines connections between childhood involvement with the natural environment and adult environmentalism from a life course perspective. Approximately 2,000 adults age 18\u201390 living in urban areas throughout the United States were interviewed with respect to their childhood nature experiences and their current, adult attitudes and behaviors relating to the environment. Model testing and cross-validation procedures using structural equation modeling suggest that childhood participation with nature may set an individual on a trajectory toward adult environmentalism. Specifically, childhood participation in \u201cwild\u201d nature such as hiking or playing in the woods, camping, and hunting or fishing, as well as participation with \u201cdomesticated\u201d nature such as picking flowers or produce, planting trees or seeds, and caring for plants in childhood have a positive relationship to adult environmental attitudes. \u201cWild nature\u201d participation is also positively associated with environmental behaviors while \u201cdomesticated nature\u201d experiences are marginally related to environmental behaviors.\n      </p>", "The language of ecosystem science is pervaded by value-laden terms such as pristine, fragile, disturbance, balance, dominance and alien species. Such terms have high status and are often used in the rhetoric of the conservation ethic. Here, I consider the possibility of the use of less value-laden terms such as change, increase, decrease and so on. This would distinguish between values and perceived trends or states and leave ecosystem science to deal with what is verifiable. However, I also consider the opposite point of view, in that the value-laden terms, like 'the balance of nature', relate to how a wide range of people feel about nature and are effective emotive motivators of the conservation ethic in society, providing a common language for a discourse between ecosystem scientists and other people.\n      </p>", "This paper reflects on Amundsen's and Scott's siege of the South Pole. Although the reward of priority motivated both Antarctic explorers, the Terra Nova and the Fram Expeditions both reflect the ambiguity and ambivalence towards nature of Judeo-Christian culture, as expressed in canonical scriptures and in its historical development. The postmodern might be understood in terms of this ambiguity and ambivalence rather than in terms of efforts to move beyond modernism through the recovery of simpler premodern certainties.\n      </p>", "The history of the Kanak is inscribed in their landscape's features, which commemorate the passage and adventures of human and spiritual ancestors. Kanak speak of their natural surroundings as forming an essential part of their cultural heritage. Some young Kanak blame Western economic activities for environmental degradation, which they link to the loss of their culture. Kanak statements and actions concerning nature and the environment relate to their own definitions of those terms and the role of such concepts in defining their cultural identity.\n      </p>", "The full complexity of the ideas of landscape and nature has been largely lost due to a modern tendency to appropriate the meaning of landscape to a concept of nature as scenery. The resulting conflation of meaning has not only led to questionable forms of determinism, it has obscured the substantive meaning of landscape, and related concepts, in European and North American culture. This study of the evolving meaning of a key geographical term advocates a substantive conception of landscape in which substantive is used to mean \"real rather than apparent,\" \"belonging to the substance of a thing.\" It is also used in the legal sense of \"creating and defining rights and duties.\" A substantive concept of landscape is more concerned with social law and justice than with natural law or aesthetics. This essay will seek to recover this substantive meaning of landscape through an historical and geographical analysis of the transformations of meaning undergone by the concepts of landscape and nature.\n      </p>", "In this paper we analyze a turn to \"quality\" in both food production and consumption. We argue that quality in the food sector, as it is being asserted at the present time, is closely linked to nature and the local embeddedness of supply chains. We thus outline the broad contours of this shift and discuss the most appropriate theoretical approaches. We consider political economy, actor-network theory, and conventions theory and argue that, whereas political economy has proved useful in the analysis of globalization, it may prove less so in the examination of quality. We concentrate, therefore, upon actor-network theory and conventions theory and show that the former allows nature to be brought to the center of analytical attention but provides few tools for the analysis of quality, especially in the context of the food sector. Conventions theory, on the other hand, links together a range of aspects found in food supply chains and allows us to consider the establishment of quality as a system of negotiation between specific qualities. We illustrate possible uses of the approach through a brief consideration of food supply chains in Wales.\n      </p>", "The designation of a new National Forest in the English midlands presents a series of practical difficulties in implementing the afforestation of existing landscapes. It also suggests the imposition of new representations of nature-society relations on existing people and communities. In this paper, we use Margaret Fitzsimmons' notion of 'social nature' and subsequent concerns with the social meanings of nature to interpret a variety of narratives used to represent the likely outcomes of the National Forest proposals. These narratives were constructed in public meetings with community groups - a methodology which, despite problems of intersubjectivity and rhetoric, offers thoughtful and insightful indications of how different social relations and social meanings of nature are 'placed' through the social construction of locality.\n      </p>", "This paper addresses the silence that surrounds nature within social science, the discipline of geography included. We begin by connecting the modernist project to the domination of nature, using the example of Scott's race to the South Pole. In addition, we show the way in which the externalization of nature is built into our concepts of science. In the third part of the paper, we begin to deal with the resuscitation of society-nature links. In particular, we examine those linkages within everyday life, where a place for nature is revealed to be most crucial. We explore this theme via the example of natural simulacra - notably parks, in both wilderness areas and cities. We argue that by comprehending nature, we reassert our power to reconstitute social nature, a power that is immanent in the practices of everyday life.\n      </p>", "Aim: To detect regional patterns of plant species richness in temperate nature reserves and determine the unbiased effects of environmental variables by mutual correlation with operating factors. Location: The Czech Republic. Methods: Plant species richness in 302 nature reserves was studied by using 14 explanatory variables reflecting the reserve area, altitude, climate, habitat diversity and prevailing vegetation type. Backward elimination of explanatory variables was used to analyse the data, taking into account their interactive nature, until the model contained only significant terms. Results: A minimal adequate model with reserve area, mean altitude, prevailing vegetation type and habitat diversity (expressed as the number of major habitat types in the reserve) accounted for 53.9% of the variance in species number. After removing the area effect, habitat diversity explained 15.6% of variance, while prevailing vegetation type explained 29.6%. After removing the effect of both area and vegetation type, the resulting model explained 10.3% of the variance, indicating that species richness further increased with habitat diversity, and most obviously towards warm districts. After removing the effects of area, habitat diversity and climatic district, the model still explained 9.4% of the variance, and showed that species richness (i) significantly decreased with increasing mean altitude and annual precipitation, and with decreasing January temperature in the region of the mountain flora, and (ii) increased with altitudinal range in regions of temperate and thermophilous flora. Main conclusions: We described, in quantitative terms, the effects of the main factors that might be considered to be determining plant species richness in temperate nature reserves, and evaluated their relative importance. The direct habitat effect on species richness was roughly equal to the direct area effect, but the total direct and indirect effects of area slightly exceeded that of habitat. It was shown that the overall effect of composite variables such as altitude or climatic district can be separated into particular climatic variables, which influence the richness of flora in a context-specific manner. The statistical explanation of richness variation at the level of families yielded similar results to that for species, indicating that the system of nature conservation provides similar degrees of protection at different taxonomic levels.\n      </p>", "Across the United States, the movement to reconnect children with nature has grown immensely in the past decade. Many urban children are disconnected from nature, yet nature can provide many important benefits and freedoms for these same children. Biophilic cities seek to incorporate nature into urban life at many scales. Because nature can play an important role in childhood development and because children operate at such small scales, this paper examines the characteristics of a biophilic city in the context of children's experience. Using case studies from Boulder, Colorado, U.S.A., we illustrate various aspects of biophilic cities that are successful in fostering nature experiences for children and provide design recommendations for other cities that may wish to incorporate biophilic elements into urban design.\n      </p>", "Less than 6% of the coterminous United States is in nature reserves. Assessment of the occurrence of nature reserves across ranges of elevation and soil productivity classes indicates that nature reserves are most frequently found at higher elevations and on less productive soils. The distribution of plants and animals suggests that the greatest number of species is found at lower elevations. A preliminary assessment of the occurrence of mapped land cover types indicates that ~60% of mapped cover types have &lt;10% of their area in nature reserves. Land ownership patterns show that areas of lower elevation and more productive soils are most often privately owned and already extensively converted to urban and agricultural uses. Thus any effort to establish a system of nature reserves that captures the full geographical and ecological range of cover types and species must fully engage the private sector.\n      </p>", "This article traces the emergence of industrial tree improvement along the Pacific Slope of western Oregon and Washington. Anxieties about timber famine in the United States prompted research on forest genetics and Douglas-fir provenance as far back as 1913, while diminishing supplies of old-growth timber resources in this region led to tree improvement-systematic tree breeding to enhance commercially attractive characteristics-on an industrial scale beginning in the 1950s and 1960s. Throughout, tree improvement has been characterized by a preponderance of co-operation among private, otherwise competitive capitalist firms, with considerable support from state agencies and from science in both research and applied settings. Pacific Slope tree improvement is explored as a case study of the social production of nature by capital and science, particularly the ways in which, in response to natural-resource constraints, the reproductive biology of forest trees has been increasingly targeted, appropriated, and subsumed as a source of industrial productivity. The general absence of exclusively private, proprietary approaches to tree improvement is discussed as a reflection of a set of particular biophysical challenges, including the \"problem\" of biological time. Thus, while biophysical nature is increasingly socially produced through tree improvement, the social organization of tree improvement bears the inscription of biophysical nature. The article closes with an examination of one of the main avenues by which biotechnology-including genetic engineering-is being incorporated into tree improvement. The new technological possibilities and opportunities for establishing exclusive property rights over plant varieties that biotechnology entails may lead to a more complete model of commodification in tree improvement. Some evidence of such change is already apparent. Though forestry biotechnology is subject to regulatory and wider social sanction, its advent reinforces a main theme in the article: that social and environmental change are interlocking, dialectical processes.\n      </p>", "The Audubon Society of Greater Denver (ASGD) is a non-profit organization devoted to conservation and environmental education in Littleton, Colorado and the surrounding area. This field report focuses on the child and youth educational programs developed and implemented by ASGD. ASGD teaches their staff, volunteers, and naturalists who work with children and youth the three core strategies of environmental education: interpretive, interactive, and exploratory teaching. These teaching styles, over time, have been profoundly effective in teaching children introductory nature lessons as well as more complex environmental connections. The field report concludes with observations about the necessity of alternative environmental education styles and the essential role of community members in volunteer run organizations.\n      </p>", "The Changbaishan Nature Reserve (CNR) is the largest protected temperate forest in the world. It was established in 1960 to protect the virgin Korean pine (Pinus koraiensis) mixed hardwood forest, a typical temperate forest of northeast China. Studies of vascular diversity patterns on the north slope of the CNR mountainside forest (800\u20131700 ma.s.l.) were conducted in 1963 and in 2006. The aim of this comparison was to assess the long-term effects of the protected status on plant biodiversity during the intervening 43 years. The research was carried out in three forest types: mixed coniferous and broadleaved forest (MCBF), mixed coniferous forest (MCF), and sub-alpine coniferous forest (SCF), characterized by different dominant species. The alpha diversity indicted by species richness and the Shannon-Wiener index were found to differ for the same elevations and forest types after the 43-year interval, while the beta diversity indicated by the Cody index depicted the altitudinal patterns of plant species gain and loss. The floral compositional pattern and the diversity of vascular species were generally similar along altitudinal gradients before and after the 43-year interval, but some substantial changes were evident with the altitude gradient. In the tree layer, the dominant species in 2006 were similar to those of 1963, though diversity declined with altitude. The indices in the three forest types did not differ significantly between 1963 and 2006, and these values even increased in the MCBF and MCF. However, originally dominant species, such as Pinus koraiensis, tended to decline, the proportion of broadleaved trees increased, and the species turnover in the succession layers showed a trend to shift to higher altitudes. The diversity pattern of the understory fluctuated along the altitudinal gradient due to microenvironmental variations. A comparison of the alpha diversity indices among the three forest types reveals that the diversity of the shrub and herb layer decreased, and some rare and medicinal species disappeared. Meteorological records show that climate has changed significantly in this 43-year intervening period, and information collected from another field survey found that the most severe human disturbances to the CNR forests stemmed from the exploitation of Ginseng roots and Korean pine nuts.\n      </p>", "In this paper, I explore the tension between different intellectual traditions concerning the relationship between nature and modernity as they are manifested in the work of postwar German artists Joseph Beuys and Gerhard Richter. I show that they represent contrasting intellectual and aesthetic traditions. For Beuys, nature holds innate meanings capable of guiding human thought and action, whereas for Richter, nature is simply a screen onto which we project our own cultural imprints. I conclude that these differing perspectives help to elucidate contemporary intellectual concerns over the relationship between nature-based ideologies and the ecological critique of modernity. By extending our understanding \"social nature\" to the cultural arena, we can discern new ways of exploring relations between society and nature.\n      </p>", "This review discusses changes in Amazonian indigenous anthropology since the synthesis presented in the Handbook of South American Indians. The past few years have seen the emergence of an image of Amazonia characterized by a growing emphasis on the complexity of indigenous social formations and the ecological diversity of the region. This new image of society and nature is taking shape in a theoretical context characterized by the synergistic interaction between structural and historical approaches, by an attempt to go beyond monocausal explanatory models (whether naturalistic or culturalistic) in favor of a dialectical view of the relations between society and nature, and by hopes of a \"new synthesis\" that could integrate the knowledge accumulated in the fields of human ecology, social anthropology, archeology, and history.\n      </p>", "The appropriate conjunction between the words nature and nurture is not versus but and. There is increasing acceptance of the evidence for substantial genetic influence on many behavioral traits, but the same research also provides the best available evidence for the importance of environmental influence and important clues about how the environment works. Because much developmental action is at the interface between genes and environment, genetic research needs to incorporate measures of the environment, and environmental research will be enhanced by collecting DNA.\n      </p>", "Coastal defence is a major function of the Dutch dunecoast. The dunes are considered to be important, in addition to coastal defence, as a nature conservation area and for recreation and drinking water production. At many places the dunecoast is subject to erosion. Without mitigation measures the erosive trend will continue into the next century and will probably worsen due to the increase of sea-level rise. It will have serious effects on the safety of the inhabitants of the polders and on functions of the dunes. To develop a structural approach to coastal defence management after 1990, the Dutch government commissioned Rijkswaterstaat to carry out an integrated policy analysis study. The period considered was 1990\u20132090. Several scenarios of sea-level rise were taken into account: 20 (present-day), 60 (expected) and 85 (pessimistic) cm/century. The study resulted in four alternatives for coastal defence: admission of further retreat (W), selective erosion control (S), full erosion control (F) and seaward expansion at relatively weak sites along the coast (E). Implications of these alternatives to safety measures, costs and loss of dune area along the coast are presented. An approach is proposed to integrate traditional coastal defence management with nature and landscape conservation. A method for classifying nature in the outer dunes is given. Five options for a more nature-oriented coastal defence management are discussed. The options advocate the management of the dunes as dynamic systems requiring human activities to retain or regain valuable natural features. /// Les d\u00e9fenses c\u00f4tibres sont une fonction majeure des dunes littorales hollandaises. Les dunes sont une importante r\u00e9serve naturelle, une zone de r\u00e9cr\u00e9ation et de production d'eau potable. En de nombreux sites, la dune bordibre est en \u00e9rosion. Cette tendance se poursuivra dans le si\u00e8cle \u00e0 venir et s'aggravera du fait de la mont\u00e9e du niveau de la mer. Elle aura de facheux effets Bur la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 des habitants des polders et sur la fonction des dunes. En vue de d\u00e9velopper une approche structurelle de l'am\u00e9nagement des d6fenses c\u00f2ti\u00e8res apr\u00e8s 1990, le gouvernement hollandais a demand\u00e9 au Rijkswaterstaadt de conduire une Etude int\u00e9gr\u00e9e. La p\u00e9riode consid\u00e9r\u00e9e eat 1990-2090. Plusieurs s\u00e9narios de hausse du niveau de la mer sont envisag\u00e9s: 20 (\u00e9poque actuelle), 60 (pr\u00e9vue) et 85 (pessimiste). L'\u00e9tude envisage 4 alternatives de d\u00e9fense: admission d'un retrait ult\u00e9rieur, contr\u00f4le s\u00e9lectif de l'\u00e9rosion, contr\u00f4le total de ;'\u00e9rosion, et expansion marine Bur des sites relativement faibles de la c\u00f4te. Ces alternatives impliquent des mesures de s\u00e9curit\u00e9, des co\u00fbts et des pertes de secteurs dunaires. On propose un moyen d'int\u00e9grer l'am\u00e9nagement des d\u00e9fenses c\u00f4ti\u00e8res traditionnelles \u00e0la pr\u00e9servation de la nature et du paysage. Une m\u00e9thode de classification de la nature des dunes externes est donn\u00e9e. Cinq options, visant \u00e0un am\u00e9nagement des d\u00e9fenses c\u00f4tibres plus orient\u00e9 vers la nature sont d\u00e9battues. Elles plaident en faveur d'un am\u00e9nagement des dunes comme syst\u00e8mes dynamiques, demandant \u00e0 l'activit\u00e9 humaine de retenir ou de regagner des ensembles naturels de valuer.-Catherine Bousquet-Bressolier, Laboratoire de G\u00e9omorphologie EPHE, Montrouge, France. /// K\u00fcstenschutz ist eine wichtige aufgabe an der holl\u00e4ndischen D\u00fcnenk\u00fcste. Daneben bilden die D\u00fcnen ein bedeutendes Gebiet f\u00fcr Naturschutz, Erholung and Trinkwasserproduktion. An vielen Stellen unterliegt die D\u00fcnenk\u00fcste der Erosion. Ohne Gegenma\u03b2 nahmen wird der erosive Trend ins n\u00e4chste Jahrhundert hinein anhalten and sick wahrscheinlich aufgrund des Meer esspiegelanstiegs verst\u00e4rken. er wird ernsthafte Folgen haben f\u00fcr die Sicherheit der Polderbewohner and die Funktion der D\u00fcnen. Um das Kustenverteidigungsmanagement nach 1990 weiterzuentwickeln, hat die niederl\u00e4ndische Regierung Rijkwaterstaat zur Entwicklung eines Analysemodells beauftragt. Der Zeitraum soll die Jahre 1990-2090 umfassen. Dabei werden verschiedene Szenarien f\u00fcr den Meeresspiegelanstieg berficksichtigt: 20 cm (gegenw\u00e4rtiger Trend), 60 cm (erwarteter Wert) and 85 cm (pessimistische Annahme). Die Studie f\u00fchrt zu vier Alternativen des K\u00fcstenschutzes: Hinnahme eines weiteren R\u00fcckganges (W), ausgew\u00e4hlte Erosionkontrolle (S), vollst\u00e4ndige Erosionskontrolle (F) and seewrtiger Vorbau an relativschwachen Stellen der K\u00fcste (E). Die Wechselwirkungen dieser Alternativen auf Sicherheitsma\u03b2nahmen, K\u00fcsten and D\u00fcnenverlust an der K\u00fcste werden vor gestellt. Die Vorschl\u00e4ge umfassen eine Integration traditioneller Kustenschutzmal\u03b2nahmen in den Naturschutz. Ein Klassifika tionssystem f\u00fcr den Au\u03b2end\u00fcnenbereich wird erstellt and f\u00fcnf Optionen f\u00fcr eine naturnahe K\u00fcstenverteidigung werden diskutiert. Dabei wird insbesondere empfohlen, die Dunen als dynamischens System f\u00fcr menschliche Aktivit\u00e4ten zu betrachten and als vertvolle Naturerscheinungen zu erhalten oder wiederzugewinnen.-Dieter Kelletat, Essen, Germany.\n      </p>", "This essay examines the relationship between Mark Twain\u2019s treatment of race in Pudd\u2019nhead Wilson (1894) and Francis Galton\u2019s investigations into the relative effects of \"nature and nurture\" in his influential 1875 twin study. While many readings of Twain\u2019s novel assume a shared logic underlying Twain\u2019s literary twin plot and Galton\u2019s scientific study, the essay analyzes the terms and conditions of both to establish critical and meaningful points of disjuncture between the two plots. It argues that the differences between the functions of look-alikes in Twain and Galton provide more insight into each author\u2019s thoughts on race than the presumed similarities. Both thinkers approach questions of the relationship between underlying character and physical appearance through the use of look-alikes, but while Galton\u2019s study of biological twins brackets racial difference in order to prove the heritability of underlying human character, Twain obscures the inherited natures of his changelings in order to dramatize the explanatory appeal of the illusion of race. And while a unified \"nurture\" during childhood was critical for the longitudinal comparison of Galton\u2019s twin study, Twain employs a changeling plot to dramatize the social difference that race makes. Ultimately, Twain\u2019s \"twins\" tell us little about the relative effects of \"nature and nurture,\" but the narrative set in motion by their virtual twinship dramatizes the thin difference upon which race is constructed.\n      </p>", "Cheryl Charles, Ph.D gave the 2009 Paul F-Brandwein Lecture. The lecture addresses the impact of children's disconnect from the natural world in their everyday lives. Co-founder of the Children &amp; Nature Network (C&amp;NN) with Richard Louv, author of Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder (2005/2008), the author describes C&amp;NN's approach to building a movement to reconnect children and nature for their health and well-being. She puts the growth of the movement in recent historical perspective, chronicling relevant contributing factors. Drawing on research as well as common sense, she summarizes evidence that indicates some of the negative impacts on children's health from their lack of contact with nature and other characteristics of contemporary lifestyles, as well as positive benefits to children's cognitive, emotional, social and physical development from direct learning and play in nature-based settings. She describes what she calls \"natural guides\" to building the children and nature movement as a part of the process of achieving sufficient critical mass to facilitate positive social change. Finally, she offers recommendations for actions.\n      </p>", "Social constructivists argue that what we call \"nature\" is far less universal and extrahuman than generally assumed. Yet this argument has been vigorously attacked by some natural scientists and other scholars due to what they perceive as its dangerous flirtation with relativism. I introduce this debate by reference to a recent controversy over the concept of wilderness, an important icon of nature in North America. I then define several forms of relativism, and compare two contemporary bodies of thought that are in broad agreement with social constructivism, yet do not promote strong forms of relativism: critical realism and pragmatism. For its part, critical realism is marked by a qualified, though vigorous, rejection of strong forms of relativism in understanding nature, whereas pragmatism involves more of an agnostic response, a sense that the so-called problem of relativism is not as serious as critics of the social-construction-of-nature argument would believe. Taken together, the two approaches offer more than either one alone, as they both suggest important truths about nature, albeit generally at different scales. Ultimately, pragmatists and critical realists alike admit that all knowledges are partial and a certain degree of relativism is thus unavoidable; yet they both, in a sort of tense complementarity, point to ways that geographers and others whose business and concern it is to represent nature can indeed have something to say.\n      </p>", "Although the American public's increasingly cynical views about human nature have drawn considerable attention from scholars, existing research says little about how interpersonal trust shapes mass foreign policy opinions. This study analyzes survey data to test the claim that citizens use their beliefs about human nature to reason about international affairs. The results indicate that cynical citizens are more likely than trusting citizens to endorse the principle of isolationism and to oppose cooperative forms of intervention in other nations' problems. Citizens' use of interpersonal trust as an information shortcut helps them to make inferences regarding a topic about which they typically know little, but such inferences are not necessarily realistic ones.\n      </p>", "This cultural analysis reconsiders the modernist narrative about the politics of whales and whale hunting in order to explore Icelandic responses to the return of the killer whale Keiko (star of the Free Willy movies) to Icelandic waters in 1998. Ambivalence about Keiko's plight required cultural creativity to block identification with the whale since in Icelandic hegemonic discourse such feelings have been associated with the supposed irrationality of foreign protests against whale hunting. This essay draws on Bruno Latour's writings about the politics of nature to argue for abandoning nature in a step toward the ethnographic study of human-nonhuman relations.\n      </p>", "The purposes of this research were to: develop a reliable measure of children's affinity for nature or \u201cbiophilia\u201d; determine whether young children's biophilia was related to the \u201cgreen-ness\u201d of the outdoor play area of the preschool they attend; examine whether demographic variables are associated with children's biophilia; and determine whether demographic variables predict children's enrollment in nature-oriented programs. We recruited children from ten early childhood education programs\u2014six that had outdoor play spaces with many natural elements and four that had few or none of these elements. One hundred fourteen preschool-aged children completed an 11-item measure of biophilia that included preferences for play locations (outdoors or indoors, during day and evening), enjoyment of sensory aspects of nature (viewing wildlife, listening to birds), exploring nature (digging for worms, examining insects), and curiosity about nature (learning about wild animals). Total biophilia scores of children attending preschools with and without natural playground elements were compared via ANOVA, which revealed no significant differences as a function of preschool playground type (nature, non-nature). Maternal education and family income were not associated with children's biophilia scores; however, children whose mothers completed more education and reported higher family income were more likely to be enrolled in programs with natural outdoor play spaces, suggesting that children who are disadvantaged in these factors may not have equal access to programs with natural play spaces.\n      </p>", "An overlooked feature of Darwin's work is his use of \u201cimaginary illustrations\u201d to show that natural selection is competent to produce adaptive, evolutionary change. When set in the context of Darwin's methodology, these thought experiments provide a novel way to teach natural selection and the nature of science.\n      </p>", "In this paper we explore the role of planning discourse and practice in the social construction of nature through the example of recent debates about the use of planning gain mechanisms to generate environmental 'benefits', such as nature reserves and country parks. This idea gained currency in British planning policy circles in the late 1980s at a time of intense economic and political pressures to release more rural land for development. The significance of 'environmental planning gain' rests, we argue, in its powerfulness as an idea rather than as a practice. As such, it can be seen as a strategic representation of the planning system as a bargaining process and of the 'natural environment' as a 'product' in the land development process.\n      </p>", "Religious institutions have been identified as important conduits in shaping social attitudes toward nature and the environment. Using Lynn White's historical thesis that Judeo--Christianity has cherished the domination of nature ('dominion' belief) by humans as our frame of reference, this article examines the impact of religion, specifically Abrahamic and Judeo--Christian beliefs, on environmental attitudes in Britain. Based on the 1993 British Social Attitudes Survey, a nationally representative sample of the adult population in Britain, the multivariate results of this paper suggest that: (a) there is no significant difference between Christians and non-Christians concerning environmental attitudes; (b) Roman Catholics are the most sceptic toward nature among Christian denominations; and (c) irrespective of religious identification, the two most notable and consistent factors in determining pro-dominion attitudes in Britain are educational attainment and particularly levels of scientific knowledge about the natural environment.\n      </p>", "Determining the degree to which persistent human behaviors and traits are the result of genetics or environment is important for a host of theoretical reasons in psychology. This article asks whether the results of such determinations are relevant to the practical tasks of individual change as attempted, for example, through therapy, parenting techniques, or self-transformation. Examples from the psychological literature on happiness or \"subjective well-being\" illustrate the common idea that a trait being largely genetic implies that it is more difficult to modify than one that is largely environmental. The most widely known theoretical approach to disentangling genetic from environmental effects in humans is behavioral genetics, with its central concept of heritability (h2). This article argues that measures of h2 do not predict the ease or difficulty of modifying behaviors or traits of individuals. A concept different from h2, that of innateness, is explicated, but it, too, is found not to be a useful predictor of individual modifiability. The general conclusion is that knowing only the degree to which a human characteristic results from nature or nurture has no implications for the ease or difficulty of altering that trait.\n      </p>", "This article discusses a number of aspects of the nature of science that can be illustrated by considering the development of pangenesis, a principle proposed by Charles Darwin to describe the rules of inheritance, explain the source of new variation, and solve other natural history puzzles. Pangenesis \u2013 although false \u2013 can be used to illustrate important nature of science ideas such as the need for empirical evidence, the use of inductive reasoning, the creative component of science, the role of bias and subjectivity, social and personal influences on science, and the notion that scientific knowledge is tentative but durable, yet self correcting.\n      </p>", "This article considers the value of oral history to today's discussions of nature conservation. It shows how the intimate knowledge which farmers have of their farms and past practices can complement sparse data sources on hay meadow decline and change. On another level the oral histories challenge official narratives of the move from hay to silage production and consider how traditional' the prescriptions of current conservation schemes are. The article uncovers the often underplayed significance of 'community' and non-financial considerations which impact on farming practice. The article concludes that with current mandates to revert to more traditional land management oral history can make a valuable contribution to the future conservation of the British countryside.\n      </p>", "Constructions of nature as the antithesis of culture have influenced both the ascription of, and resistance to, specific racialized identities. While it is possible to develop alternatives to these imposed identities, it is very difficult, if not impossible, to escape the influence and limitations of dominant social constructs. To build this argument, I draw on the attempts of \"Indians\" in western Canada to assert their identity as cowboys. The article begins with a brief overview of Euro-Canadian conceptions of nature and culture and of how they were deployed to construct Indians as a separate and inferior race. As part of this process, rodeo was used to help entrench a cowboy/Indian dichotomy and to deny, thereby, the legitimacy of Indian cowboys. Against this backdrop, all-Indian rodeos are introduced as a response to these processes of exclusion. Close examination of these events demonstrates that they have facilitated the assertion of Indian cowboy identities by creating contexts in which all of the cowboys are Indians. At the same time, however, an examination of the ways in which Indians have constructed their identity as cowboys suggests a heavy reliance on hegemonic notions of nature, culture, and \"race.\" This identity is both a manifestation of the power of dominant concepts and an unsettling challenge to the goal of moving beyond binaries in the formation of fluid, flexible, and egalitarian identities.\n      </p>", "Much research on environmental socialization and significant life experiences indicates the primacy of childhood play in wild environments in shaping later adult interest in wild places. Less is known about what happens after childhood. This study investigated the remembered childhood, teen and early adult years of young adults (age 19 to 35) involved with natural history professions and/or highly committed hobbyists, identified as exceptional by environmental leaders. A comparison group of disinterested individuals nominated by the same environmental leaders or identified through a screening questionnaire provided an additional contrast. A four-stage descriptive model emerged from the qualitative data. Participants' natural history involvement evolved from unstructured nature play, to structured recreation and school activities, eventually to natural history dominant professional and serious leisure identities. Results suggest that accumulation of experiences, a complementary interplay of nature-based recreation and formal nature study, interaction with different types of mentors in each stage, evolving environmentally focused activities and exploration of perceptual, physical and intellectual aspects of the environment are key components.\n      </p>", "This essay traces the changing place of artifice as an ideal in food preparation through seventeenth- and eighteenth-century cookbooks and medical treatises published in France. Initially one of the guiding aesthetic principles of elite culinary production, artifice propagated a series of technical processes that redefined skill among cooks. However, by the late eighteenth century, an ideology of the natural gained ground in aesthetic philosophy, which rendered those same highly prized skills of disguise as increasingly suspect. Of course, it proved difficult to identify what qualified as \u201cnatural cuisine. \u201d During the eighteenth century, two oppositional definitions of natural cuisine developed, with very different implications for the organization of culinary labor. On the one hand, natural cuisine could indicate simple preparations, dispensing with the need for a master cook. On the other hand, natural cuisine could require a rigorous study of nature's laws. By positing a universal foundation for taste in natural law, natural cuisine envisioned the cook's liberation from diners' whims and so theorized a relationship in which the cook dictated standards of taste to consumers, rather than vice versa. We might trace today's celebrity chefs' authority over \u201cgood taste\u201d back to the latter definition promoting a more natural cuisine.\n      </p>", "Modern science and culture attempt to dominate and control nature. Unfortunately contemporary medicine has followed this lead. Traditionally religion has recognized the order and goodness in the natural order and has encouraged followers to comply with the rules of nature. Medicine, from Hippocratic times, has viewed the physician as an assistant to nature. Contemporary medicine, while employing modern science, would be well advised to also recognize the healing effects of religion's admonition to acknowledge and respect the wisdom of nature.\n      </p>", "Spain is arguably the European country where the water crisis has become most acute in recent years. The political and ecological importance of water is not, however, only a recent development in Spain. Throughout this century, water politics, economics, culture, and engineering have infused and embodied the myriad tensions and conflicts that drove and still drive Spanish society. And although the significance of water on the Iberian peninsula has attracted considerable scholarly and other attention, the central role of water politics, water culture, and water engineering in shaping Spanish society on the one hand, and the contemporary water geography and ecology of Spain as the product of centuries of socioecological interaction on the other, have remained largely unexplored. The hybrid character of the water landscape, or \"waterscape,\" comes to the fore in Spain in a clear and unambiguous manner. The socionatural production of Spanish society can be illustrated by excavating the central role of water politics and engineering in Spain's modernization process. In the first part of the paper, I develop a theoretical and methodological perspective that is explicitly critical of traditional approaches in water-resources studies, which tend to separate various aspects of the hydrological cycle into discrete and independent objects of study. My perspective, broadly situated within the political ecology tradition, draws critically from recent work by ecological historians, cultural critics, sociologists of science, critical social theorists, and political economists. My main objective is to bring together what has been severed for too long by insisting that nature and society are deeply intertwined. In the second part of the paper, I excavate the origins of Spain's early-twentieth-century modernization process (1890-1930) as expressed in debates and actions around the hydrological condition. The conceptual framework presented in the first part helps structure a narrative that weaves water through the network of socionatural relations in ways that permit the recasting of modernity as a deeply geographical, although by no means coherent, homogeneous, total, or uncontested project. In sum, I seek to document how the socionatural is historically produced to generate a particular, but inherently dynamic, geographical configuration.\n      </p>", "Communication between scientific disciplines related to coastal management is difficult but essential. Different views on the role of science in coastal management were key elements of many discussions at the conference. In this personal impression the author looks back and reflects on the arguments which participants with different scientific background exchanged.\n      </p>", "Since the introduction of 'potential natural vegetation' (PNV) as a concept in vegetation science by T\u00fcxen (1956), many PNV-maps with different scales have been made. T\u00fcxen emphasized the great value of PNV-maps for different purposes in land use, landscape planning and nature conservation, in particular with regard to forestry, agriculture and landscape management. Different aspects are discussed in order to examine the validity and applicability of PNV-maps in landscape planning and nature conservation. PNV-maps are useful for the differentiation of natural and landscape units on a small scale (&lt; 1: 100 000). However, maps of the potential natural vegetation are less useful for purposes of detailed planning on larger scales (&gt; 1: 100 000). Problems arise, for example, from the often highly hypothetical character of the construction and the practice of taking remnants of 'natural' vegetation as a reference object for the PNV. With regard to the goals of modern landscape planning and nature conservation purposes (e.g. conserving biodiversity in the cultural landscape of Central Europe) the exact documentation of the actual real vegetation (ARV) on intermediate and large scales gives much more detailed information than a hypothetical PNV.\n      </p>", "The relationship between plant diversity and animal diversity on a broadscale and its mechanisms are uncertain. In this study, we explored this relationship and its possible mechanisms using data from 186 nature reserves across China on species richness of vascular plants and terrestrial vertebrates, and climatic and topographical variables. We found significant positive correlations between species richness in almost all taxa of vascular plants and terrestrial vertebrates. Multiple regression analyses indicated that plant richness was a significant predictor of richness patterns for terrestrial vertebrates (except birds), suggesting that a causal association may exist between plant diversity and vertebrate diversity in China. The mechanisms for the relationships between species richness of plants and animals are probably dependent on vertebrate groups. For mammals (endothermic vertebrates), this relationship probably represents the integrated effects of plants on animals through trophic links (i.e. providing foods) and non-trophic interactions (i.e. supplying habitats), whereas for amphibians and reptiles (ectothermic vertebrates), this may be a result of the non-trophic links, such as the effects of plants on the resources that amphibians and reptiles require.\n      </p>", "While spending a year working with the Swedish Hunters Association, I discovered that the Swedish language does not have a word analogous to management. Instead, when talking about wildlife, the Swedes use words that have a root in nursing or caretaking. This orientation leads one to think about being partners with nature rather than controllers of nature. I believe this view of nature puts humans as equals with nature where we are part of the man-land community. Our North American wildlife management focus on control often leads to unrealistic goals and practices. I suggest that for a week, wildlife professionals try to call themselves wildlife \"caretakers\" rathern than \"managers\" and see what difference it makes. I also suggest that we haue much to learn by looking at how other societies relate to wildlife and that our North American perspective might benefit from such interactions. The Wildlife Society could do more to help provide such opportunities.\n      </p>", "This essay is concerned with the central issue of philosophical anthropology: the relation between nature and culture. Although Rousseau was the first thinker to introduce this topic within the modern discourse of philosophy and the cultural sciences, it has its origin in Diogenes the Cynic, who was a disciple of Socrates. In my essay I (1) historically introduce a few aspects of philosophical anthropology, (2) deal with the nature--culture exchange, as introduced in Kant, then I (3) relate this topic to the Ancient Cynic Diogenes. Surprisingly, although we usually identify Critical Theory and Freudian psychoanalysis as theories that have shown that cultural progress should not be comprehended as a development from nature to culture, and that instead it should be conceived as a development from culture against (external as well as internal) nature, I show that Cynicism can be conceived as a vivid example within the history of our culture that reveals a double sense of repression and alienation, which is part of human civilization and mankind.\n      </p>", "This paper describes a series of experimental play-based activities called \u201cNarrative Journeys\u201d piloted by the author in his work at the Eden Project, UK, which are used to practically, imaginatively and socially connect children to the natural world, and thus encourage place-based learning and cultivate ecological literacy. It argues that anthropomorphic narratives, despite their seemingly human-centric values, can actually help combat the development of anthropocentric attitudes, by the careful framing of objects, collaborative and social action, and with the support of an environmentally sensitive facilitator.\n      </p>", "Explaining the heterogeneous distribution of biodiversity across the Earth has long been a challenge to ecologists and biogeographers. Here, we document the patterns of plant species richness for different taxonomic groups in China's nature reserves, and discuss their possible explanations at national and regional scales, using vascular plant richness data coupled with information on climate and topographical variables. We found that water deficit, energy and elevation range (a surrogate of habitat heterogeneity) represent the primary explanations for variation in plant species richness of the nature reserves across China. There are consistent relationships between species richness and climate and habitat heterogeneity for different taxonomic vascular plant groups at the national scale. Habitat heterogeneity is strongly associated with plant richness in all regions, whereas climatic constraints to plant diversity vary regionally. In the regions where energy is abundant or water is scarce, plant richness patterns were determined by water and habitat heterogeneity, whereas in the region with low energy inputs, water interacting with energy, and habitat heterogeneity determined its species richness pattern. Our results also suggest that energy variables alone do not represent the primary predictor of plant richness.\n      </p>", "The field of molecular genetics has many roles in biodiversity assessment and conservation. I summarize three of those standard roles and propose logical extensions of each. First, many biologists suppose that a comprehensive picture of the Tree of Life will soon emerge from multilocus DNA sequence data interpreted in concert with fossils and other evidence. If nonreticulate trees are indeed valid metaphors for life's history, then a well dated global phylogeny will offer an opportunity to erect a universally standardized scheme of biological classification. If life's history proves to be somewhat reticulate, a web-like phylogenetic pattern should become evident and will offer opportunities to reevaluate the fundamental nature of evolutionary processes. Second, extensive networks of wildlife sanctuaries offer some hope for shepherding appreciable biodiversity through the ongoing extinction crisis, and molecular genetics can assist in park design by helping to identify key species, historically important biotic areas, and biodiversity hotspots. An opportunity centers on the concept of Pleistocene Parks that could protect \"legacy biotas\" in much the same way that traditional national parks preserve special geological features and historical landmarks honor legacy events in human affairs. Third, genetic perspectives have become an integral part of many focused conservation efforts by unveiling ecological, behavioral, or evolutionary phenomena relevant to population management. They also can open opportunities to educate the public about the many intellectual gifts and aesthetic marvels of the natural world.\n      </p>", "Today many feminists believe we are in a third wave of feminism, one that challenges the idea of dualism itself while recognizing diversity, particularity, and embodiment. By theorizing from the notion of embodiment, recent iterations of feminism are beginning to reweave the specific duality between culture and nature, an especially important endeavor in these environmentally disturbing times. These feminisms, rather than working from established and usually abstract foundational theories, begin from the situated perspectives of different(ing) women. Beyond this general congruence, however, there are several different foci in the feminisms seen as third wave today. In this work, I address the uneven movement from second-wave to third-wave feminism. I discuss three feminisms: youth feminism, postcolonial feminism, and ecofeminism, and the importance of each, in their current expression, to the present form of third-wave feminism. I suggest that while all these feminisms begin to reweave the nature/culture duality by theorizing from the notion of embodiment, ecofeminism is able to make a significant additional contribution in this regard. Besides reclaiming the female body, ecofeminism specifically includes nonhuman nature in its theorizing, an inclusion that enables it to engage in a more thoroughgoing analysis of the nature/culture dualism than other feminisms.\n      </p>", "Comparative religious ethics is a complicated scholarly endeavor, striving to harmonize intellectual goals that are frequently conceived as quite different, or even intrinsically opposed. Against commonly voiced suspicions of comparative work, this essay argues that descriptive, comparative, and normative interests may support rather than conflict with each other, depending on the comparison in question, and how it is pursued. On the basis of a brief comparison of the early Christian Augustine of Hippo and the early Confucians Mencius and Xunzi on the topic of \"human nature,\" this paper advocates a particular account of comparative religious ethics, and argues for the complexity of the idea of \"human nature.\" Different elements of this family of concerns are central to religious ethics generally, and to theories and practices of moral development and personal formation specifically.\n      </p>", "This article examines the unique ethical concerns faced by small nature-based entrepreneurs in their everyday business operations. By using qualitative, empirical data, six kinds of business situations were identified to bring about moral consideration for all the entrepreneurs in this study. The business situations identified were the selection of raw material suppliers, reconciling the quality of production and the lack of resources, the pricing process, the content of marketing information, the close relationships to employees and the collaboration with other entrepreneurs. The ethical argumentation used in these business situations was examined in relation to three ethical theories: utilitarian ethics, deontology and virtue-ethics. This article shows that typical for the decision-making of the small nature-based entrepreneurs in an ethical sense is the variety of ethical arguments used and the important role of customers and employees influencing the ethical views of the entrepreneurs.\n      </p>", "Standard accounts on the nature of the firm are highly dependent on explanations by Coase, coupled with inputs from agency theory and shareholder theory. This paper carries out their critique in light of personalist and common good postulates. It shows how personalist and common good principles create a framework that not only accommodates business ethics better but also affords a more compelling understanding of business as a whole.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we develop a theory about how people assess political candidates in order to arrive at a basic like or dislike judgment for each candidate. We argue that in deciding whether to like or dislike candidates, voters emphasize both the candidates' personal qualities and the unique nature of the campaign environment. Since initial impressions of presidential candidates are formed before voters make direct comparisons for the general election, voters may compare their images of candidates with their intuitive ideas about \"human nature\" or \"most people.\" In arriving at candidate evaluations, then, voters might rely on a \"superman\" standard, expecting their political leaders to rise above human nature. Alternatively, they might rely on an \"everyman\" standard, expecting their leaders to be as representative or typical as possible. Using data from the 1984 presidential election, we find that although the superman model fits the data better, the everyman model has some impact, particularly on feelings toward Reagan. This may explain, in part, the often-noted bias in favor of the incumbent.\n      </p>", "Temporal change in the biosphere occurs at different rates and in different ways, depending on spatial scale. One hypothesis is that in environments where disturbances produce patches and temporal instability in small areas, the aggregate mosaic of these patches on larger areas may be constant, so that a @'shifting-mosaic steady state@' occurs. If so, then the appropriate minimum size for a nature reserve might be the minimum land area on which the patch-mosaic is stable. To test for a stable patch-mosaic I subdivided the Boundary Waters Canoe Area (BWCA) into smaller units at five spatial scales and used the fire history data published by Heinselman to reconstruct temporal changes in the patch-mosaic on each unit. A temporally stable patch-mosaic was not evident at any scale, largely due to (1) spatial heterogeneity in the fire-regime and/or environment, and (2) a mismatch between the grain of fire-patches and the grain of the environment. The pattern of temporal instability present on the BWCA as a whole was not replicated on smaller areas. Nature reserve design and management practices that focus on the landscape level, community level, or species level may conflict. If the management goal is to perpetuate natural fluctuations in landscape structure, then certain species dependent on landscape structure may fluctuate as well. Maintaining stable populations of these species may entail landscape manipulations that lower the value of the reserve for perpetuating landscape processes and structures.\n      </p>", "This paper explores the relationship between Geography, modernism and nature-mysticism in the early twentieth century through a detailed study of the writings of two geographers, Vaughan Cornish and Sir Francis Younghusband. It is argued that spiritual and mystical themes informed a significant part of modern Geography, yet that these have been largely ignored in geographical historiography. The themes of universalism, continuity and leadership in Cornish and Younghusband's attention to the mystical are examined, as are the 'risks' of such an attention for those concerned with the maintenance of order. Parallels are drawn between Cornish and Younghusband's modern spiritual Geography and contemporary 'Green' ideas, and the implications of this 'hidden' element of geographical modernism for the practice of a post-modern Geography are considered. It is argued that any such practice must attend to Geography's constitution as a very modern discipline of space and environment, and that any such attention should address the significant spiritual element in Geography's modernity.\n      </p>", "There is a long history of removing oneself from 'society' in order to recuperate or repair. This paper considers a yoga and massage retreat in Southern Spain, and what opportunities this retreat experience might offer for recuperation and the creation of healthy bodies. The paper positions 'nature' as an active participant, and as 'enrolled' in the experiences of the retreat as a 'therapeutic landscape', and questions how and what particular aspects of yoga practice (in intimate relation with place) give rise to therapeutic experiences.\n      </p>", "The recently established Kanchenjunga Conservation Area Project (KCAP)-jointly managed by the Department of National Parks and Wildlife Conservation (DNPWC) and World Wildlife Fund (WWF)-is based on the principles of the new participatory concept of nature conservation. The main objectives are to protect the unique environment of the Kanchenjunga region and to help local communities improve their standard of living. This study focuses on existing livelihood strategies and local institutions as well as on the local population's perception of the participatory approach. A theoretical consideration of the different concepts of nature and conservation is regarded as helpful in understanding locally observed processes. The results show wide diversification in the economic system that contributes to sustaining livelihood. Various local institutions have established governance over particular resources. With regard to the KCAP, it became obvious that nearly all interviewees had expectations that went far beyond the intended and economically feasible potential of the project. This is largely because they do not entirely comprehend the principal aim of \"conservation.\" On the other hand, most of the local people believe that conservation of nature is necessary in their region and that it is only possible through a joint effort made by everyone in the community.\n      </p>", "This article examines the precepts of natural law feminism, and in exploring the writings of two Canadian feminists, Maureen McTeer and Louise Vandelac, examines how natural law feminism is deployed in debates about how to theorize reproduction. I contend that the natural law perspective obscures many issues worthy of feminist inquiry, and, perhaps more critically, eschews a discourse that emphasizes reproductive freedom in favour of one which has at its centre a largely unproblematized view of reproduction that follows a biologically driven script of conception, gestation, childbirth and mothering as inherently and necessarily connected. I argue that this stance is particularly evident in natural law feminist analyses of ecology and the regulation of new reproductive and genetic technologies. In both these areas, natural law feminism poses the central problem as one in which feminists must zealously protect the natural association between women and reproduction; in so doing, natural law feminists gloss over the nature of this association. I suggest a reframing of the focus of debates on reproduction from what is natural and what is socially constructed to how we demarcate the two.\n      </p>", "This essay seeks to read John Clare's poetry in terms of the poetry of exile. Clare directly confronted what it means to lose one's place in the world, to be exiled from a place not because you have left it, but because it has left you. No Romantic poet wrote more passionately than Clare about the joy of experiencing nature in all its immediacy, and no poet argued more strongly for its permanence and continuity across generations, and yet few poets have conveyed in more poignant terms what it means to lose one's nature for good. This paper considers Clare as a poet who writes about what it means to experience the end of nature and to live on long after the nature that one took to be basic to one's life was gone. Although for many people during the nineteenth century such an idea was unthinkable, for many others, especially in colonial contexts, it was a fact of life. Alongside the many new natures that were coming into being at this time, others were being destroyed or utterly changed. Clare's poetry gives us some insight into what it meant to at least one author to survive the death of one's nature.\n      </p>", "This paper challenges the widely accepted opinion that Native people have uniformely a genuine attitude of respect towards animals. Hunting practices, ideology, and ritualistic system converge to rather suggest a very ambitious perception of the animal sphere. Among Northern Ojibwas the relationship between the shaman and his own spiritual entities seems to be the model of an idealistic relationship between man and animal. A comparison with ethnographic materials from the Labrador Peninsula shows great variations of the matter. The author analyzes these variations \u2013 of which he discovers equivalences in the domain of social organization \u2013 as two opposite moments, generated by logical transformation of a common structure of pr\u00e9dation and reciprocity.\n      </p>", "National identity in many post-colonial states is predicated on nature being outside and antecedent to culture and the colonial project. This paper questions the historical and essentialist assumptions underpinning this vision using New Zealand as a case study, and in particular the Christchurch Botanic Gardens in the nineteenth century. I argue that the Gardens were a site in the multi-species extension of colonial space, but that far from being docile entities, non-humans kicked back to change the very nature of the project. New Zealand's eco-nationalist project is described as not only an attempt to order the past, present and future lives of non-humans (invasive, native and migrant alike), but also to sanitise the colonial expropriation of the indigenous and to preclude any mode of relating to 'nature' that might subvert the essentialisms inherent in a preservationist ethic. Situated between three modes of critique: nature-as-ideology; nature as complex but real; and an ontological exposure of hidden hybridity, I make a modest move beyond (re)description of naturecultures to normative critique of their constitutive relations.\n      </p>", "To disclose the interplay between psychosocial antecedents of adolescents' decisions to leave their parental home in an ecologically sensitive region, we used structural equation modeling to analyze data from in-person interviews of members of 220 households in Wolong Nature Reserve for giant pandas (China). We further divided our data into two sub-samples by gender to test the hypothesis that model parameters differ for females and males. Our findings indicate that parental attitudes/behavior, peer behavior, and perceived availability of material/non-material resources play a critical role in adolescents' home-leaving decisions. This study demonstrates an important link between psychosocial factors and biodiversity conservation.\n      </p>", "Indigenous people view both themselves and nature as part of an extended ecological family that shares ancestry and origins. It is an awareness that life in any environment is viable only when humans view the life surrounding them as kin. The kin, or relatives, include all the natural elements of an ecosystem. Indigenous people are affected by and, in turn, affect the life around them. The interactions that result from this \"kincentric ecology\" enhance and preserve the ecosystem. Interactions are the commerce of ecosystem functioning. Without human recognition of their role in the complexities of life in a place, the life suffers and loses its sustainability. Indigenous cultural models of nature include humans as one aspect of the complexity of life. A Rar\u00e1muri example of iw\u00edgara will serve to enhance understanding of the human-nature relationship that is necessary in order to fully comprehend the distinct intricacies of kincentric ecology.\n      </p>", "Eighteenth-century natural-history illustration in the Dutch East Indies reveals verisimilitude as a goal shared between colonial artists and their counterparts in Europe. Natural-history images more generally exhibit common styles in the world settled and dominated by Europeans. Apparently dramatic differences in the local settings of the artists produced only trivial variations in representing nature pictorially, in just the way that astronomy and physics in the European colonies and spheres of influence departed hardly at all from European practice. The overwhelming strength of disciplinary norms, in science and in art, is the standard explanation for this circumstance. An alternative explanation from social history is proposed. It centers on the hypothesis of a homology between households in colonial settings and in Europe. The alternative explanation implies that both the observatory and the artist's workshop were insensitive to superstructural variation in costume and architecture, as well as variation in climate and cuisine. The hypothesis behind the alternative explanation, designated by the term complementarity, derives directly from the postmodernist dictum that ideas are extrusions of social interactions. Nevertheless, just as the strength of disciplinary norms is unresolved in postmodernist doctrine, so complementarity directly challenges the postmodernist predilection for affirming the distinctiveness of colonial cultures.\n      </p>", "Prison expansion can be considered a geographical solution to deindustrialization and globalization. Postindustrial prison development to address declining productive industries in amenity-rich rural areas, however, can catalyze struggles over shifting rural land uses, ideals, and identities. Using participant observation, interviews, and texts, this article examines a prison siting in Appalachian Pennsylvania. The prison and the changes it might bring were strategically constructed by local politicians and then by citizen opponents and proponents of the prison. Alternative discourses that indicated differing levels of reliance on making a living from the local land, desires for \"working\" or \"amenity\" land uses, views toward minority newcomers associated with the prison, and legitimacy in land-use decision making played key roles in the prison debate. While prisons may seem a viable avenue for rural economic development, this article suggests that alternatives, such as indigenous, small-scale enterprises based on local resources and urban-rural coalitions, may provide more sustainable and equitable development for rural and urban areas impacted by economic restructuring.\n      </p>", "In this paper the nature of the reasoning processes applied to the nature-nurture question is discussed in general and with particular reference to mental and behavioral traits. The nature of data analysis and analysis of variance is discussed. Necessarily, the nature of causation is considered. The notion that mere data analysis can establish \"real\" causation is attacked. Logic. of quantitative genetic theory is reviewed briefly. The idea that heritability is meaningful in the human mental and behavioral arena is attacked. The conclusion is that the heredity-IQ controversy has been a \"tale full of sound and fury, signifying nothing\". To suppose that one can establish effects of an intervention process when it does not occur in the data is plainly ludicrous. Mere observational studies can easily lead to stupidities, and it is suggested that this has happened in the heredity-IQ arena. The idea that there are racial-genetic differences in mental abilities and behavioral traits of humans is, at best, no more than idle speculation.\n      </p>", "Persons are thought to have a special kind of value, often called \"dignity,\" which, according to Kant, makes them both infinitely valuable and irreplaceably valuable. The author aims to identify what makes a person a person in a way that can explain both aspects of dignity. She considers five definitions of \"person\": (1) an individual substance of a rational nature (Boethius), (2) a self-conscious being (Locke), (3) a being with the capacity to act for ends (Kant), (4) a being with the capacity to act for another (Kant), and (5) an incommunicably unique subject (Wojtyla). She argues that none is capable of grounding both aspects of dignity since they are incompatible kinds of value; it is impossible for the same thing to ground both. Human persons are infinitely valuable in virtue of shareable qualities of their nature, whereas they are irreplaceably valuable because of a nonqualitative feature of their personhood.\n      </p>", "How do animals become problems? Drawing on interactionist theories of social problems and cultural geography, I argue that the construction of animals as problems relies upon cultural understandings of nature/culture relationships, which in turn entail \"imaginative geographies.\" Specifically, modernity posits a firm boundary between nature and culture. Animals have their place, but are experienced as \"out of place\"\u2014and often problematic\u2014when they are perceived to transgress spaces designated for human habitation. Relying on New York Times articles from 1851 to 2006, and articles from 51 other newspapers from 1980 to 2006, this article focuses on the process by which pigeons as a species were problematized. I contend that pigeons have come to represent the antithesis of the ideal metropolis, which is orderly and sanitized, with nature subdued and compartmentalized. While typified as a health issue, the pigeon's primary \"offense\" is that it \"pollutes\" habitats dedicated for human use. The catch phrase \"rats with wings\" neatly summarizes society's evaluations of, and anxieties about, this bird. This metaphor reflects a framing of pigeons by claims-makers that renders them out of place in the cityscape. This study expands social problems theorizing to more thoroughly account for animals and the role of space.\n      </p>"], "words": {"essay": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "area,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consider": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resistance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "livelihood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "illustrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "writings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "religious": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "children": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hunting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "striving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 36, "prob": 0.00029812553569432196}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analogous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presumed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "far": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "existing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perceived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changbaishan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disciplines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "perspective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "china,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "panda": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "even": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reasoning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitudes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "public": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "seeks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "movement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "full": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "degree": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anthropology": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "promoted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "focused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "along": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biodiversity": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "canadian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dualism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "que": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anthropological": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scales": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seventeenth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crisis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "landscape": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "environment": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "use": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "impacts": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "working": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indians": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "socialization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "call": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "themselves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "richness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overlooked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "about": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "oregon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adult": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "particular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "word": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "this": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "science": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "challenge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "determining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arrive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "example": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "links": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "give": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purposes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indicates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "native": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "swedish": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "influenced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "embodiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "globalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forest": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "animal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ensemble": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inputs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "description": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "representations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "law": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 28, "prob": 0.0002318754166511393}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempt": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "third": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complexity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "south": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "institutional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "course": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitude": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "through": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "shimentai": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tendency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "la": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "temporal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "denver": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "writing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmentalism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "versus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "return": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greater": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "views": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surrounds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indigenous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "they": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "not": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "identified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "each": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involvement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traces": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "series": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "idea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interplay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "year": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fundamentally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "research": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "dutch": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "occurs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "mechanisms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "standard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ancestry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complicated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unique": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "language": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "biosphere": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explanations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turn": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "place": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "childhood": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "precepts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wave": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "philosophical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "americans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comprises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "introduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modernism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modernist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "john": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "that": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "opinion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "natural": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "believe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intrinsically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kind": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "molecular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tree": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preparation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rationalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prospect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modern": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socio": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conversion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constructions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "depending": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "vegetation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "towards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychosocial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shareholder": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upland": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zealand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "especially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "later": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "science,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dimension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discursive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "principle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scholarship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "slope": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feminism,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "german": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "charles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discovered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "carefully": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "earth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "giant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "much": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "explain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "candidates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feminists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "joseph": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "darwin": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dependent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "de": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "legitimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conjunction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shaping": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproductive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biogeography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "humans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eighteenth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "culture": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "are": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "project": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arguably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficulties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "we": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "recently": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "responses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 32, "prob": 0.00026500047617273063}, "analyzes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implementing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rules": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "suggested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "racialized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "country": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experimental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 39, "prob": 0.00032296933033551544}, "reasons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environments": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "asserted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hunters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "due": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mark": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ph": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marx": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "firm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "diversity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concerning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uncertain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contexts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "policies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "wild": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "gerhard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "richter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "province,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primacy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "coupled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "itself": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "in": {"number": 42, "prob": 0.0003478131249767089}, "comparative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "postwar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discourse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extended": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conceived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "driven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "persons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditionally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "antecedents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whale": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "judgment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scholars": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "identity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "geography,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "i": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "adolescents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solve": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "gain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "english": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 99, "prob": 0.0008198452231593853}, "spend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kinship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outdoor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "routinely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "association,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discipline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "icelandic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "candidate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feminist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improvement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prison": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "harmonize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "macroecology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amazonian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feminism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "read": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accepted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "county,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "served": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "essential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "often": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "habitat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "pacific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reconsiders": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "respect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "est": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genetics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "for": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "broad": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "does": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "scientific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yingde": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expansion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "host": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "post": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "stage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "behaviors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "origins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 73, "prob": 0.0006045323362690418}, "modernity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "meaning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experiences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discusses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "silence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dilemma": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communication": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "washington": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intellectual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ways,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appropriate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "accounts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coastal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "artists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "guangdong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "postcolonial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spending": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "removing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conservation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analyze": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "synthesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "construction": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "goals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "deployed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "places": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "un": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "today": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "uk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heterogeneous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grass": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "landscapes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "called": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "as": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "endeavor,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "au": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "politics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "water": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scholarly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explaining": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "draw": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "visits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scale": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "included": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "persistent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subtropical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "narrative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reserve": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "oral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gardens": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}