{"total_words": 948, "documents": ["In 1978 an unofficial total parenteral nutrition service was established in a regional hospital. For simplicity, safety, and economy patients needing this form of treatment were supplied, whenever possible, with a standard feeding regimen containing 14 g of nitrogen and equicaloric amounts (4.2 MJ) of non-nitrogen calories as fat and glucose. From May 1979 to April 1982 179 patients received 190 courses of total parenteral nutrition, and 134 (70.5%) of these courses were the standard regimen throughout. A positive nitrogen balance was maintained, and complications were mostly minor. One hundred and forty patients left hospital alive. One death was related to the total parenteral nutrition. Parenteral nutrition is an effective method of nourishing selected patients and a simple standard regimen can safely provide the total nutritional requirements for the majority. The value of a nutrition team and close supervision of the feeding is emphasised.\n      </p>", "Increased livestock production in developing countries is seen as one way to improve world food supply. However, the impact of increased livestock production on household health and nutrition is unknown. This paper examines linkages between commercialization of livestock production and household nutrition. Linkages include income, resource allocation, food consumption, and human disease risk. Data from Uasin Gishu district, Kenya, show higher consumption of animal products for large commercialized farms, along with greater control of milk sales by men. Effects of livestock development may thus differ by gender, and may include both positive and negative impacts.\n      </p>", "Foliar nutrition has been conceived as a possible means of overcoming the recalcitrance of Prosopis chilensis (Molina) Stuntz explants to standard in vitro culture. The foliar uptake of cations (K from $20 g l^{-1} KNO_3$ and Ca from $50 g l^{-1} CaCl_2$ ), anions (NO3 from $50 g l{-1} KNO_3$ and PO4 from $50 g l{-1} NaH_{2}PO_4$ ), and glucose from a $100 mg l{-1}$ solution was studied. All of the nutrients examined were absorbed. The efficacy of foliar nutrition in prolonging the vigor of micropropagated P. chilensis shoot tips was compared with nutrients supplied as a liquid to the base of the stem (liquid) or as an agar-solidified medium (agar). A foliar-feeding apparatus was constructed that employed pressurization of the medium reservoir to drive the medium into the culture vessel with a passive return by a siphoning effect. The medium used was Murashige and Skoog with $30 g l^{-1}$ sucrose, $0.1 mg l^{-1}$ benzylaminopurine, and $1 mg l^{-1}$ indole-3-butyric acid. Over a 9-wk test period it was found that explants cultured by foliar nutrition performed significantly better than those grown on agar for shoot length, nodal production, and leaf retention; and better than liquid MS for node production. There was no significant difference among the three treatments in percentage survival, percentage rooting, or the mean number of roots.\n      </p>", "Objectives: The specific objectives are threefold: to describe the biologically plausible mechanistic pathways by which exposure to particulate matter (PM) may lead to the adverse perinatal outcomes of low birth weight (LBW), intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR), and preterm delivery (PTD); review the evidence showing that nutrition affects the biologic pathways; and explain the mechanisms by which nutrition may modify the impact of PM exposure on perinatal outcomes. Methods: We propose an interdisciplinary conceptual framework that brings together maternal and infant nutrition, air pollution exposure assessment, and cardiopulmonary and perinatal epidemiology. Five possible albeit not exclusive biologic mechanisms have been put forth in the emerging environmental sciences literature and provide corollaries for the proposed framework. Conclusions: Protecting the environmental health of mothers and infants remains a top global priority. The existing literature indicates that the effects of PM on LBW, PTD, and IUGR may manifest through the cardiovascular mechanisms of oxidative stress, inflammation, coagulation, endothelial function, and hemodynamic responses. PM exposure studies relating mechanistic pathways to perinatal outcomes should consider the likelihood that biologic responses and adverse birth outcomes may be derived from both PM and non-PM sources (e.g., nutrition). In the concluding section, we present strategies for empirically testing the proposed model and developing future research efforts.\n      </p>", "Objectives. The classification of a patient's nutrition status is important for identifying patients who require nutrition care, for designing effective nutrition interventions, and for measuring severity of illness. The objective of this study was to evaluate the reliability and validity of two variants of the Department of Veterans Affairs' nutrition status classification: professional judgment versus an algorithm. Methods. The study consisted of two phases, both of which included providing a sample of approximately 60 registered dietitians and 60 clinical dietetic technicians with data on 16 (phase I) and 20 (phase II) patients, to which they assigned nutrition statuses using both professional judgment and the algorithm. Improvements in instructions and training were implemented between the two phases. Interrater reliability of the responses was calculated, and content validity was measured by comparing the staff's responses with those of an expert panel. Results. Reliability improved significantly between phases for both professional judgment and the algorithm. Greater reliability and validity were observed with use of the algorithm, by both dietitians and technicians, during both phases. Conclusion. Classification of a patient's nutrition status is important in the delivery of cost-effective health care. The Department of Veterans Affairs' nutrition status classification is a good one for assessing nutrition status quickly and reliably, especially when an algorithm is used. The results underscore the advantages of a classification system based on an algorithm when the system is designed to be used by many different staff across multiple facilities.\n      </p>", "Background: Nutrition and lifestyle are well-defined modulators of chronic diseases. Poor dietary habits (such as high intake of processed foods rich in fat and low intake of fruits and vegetables), as well as a sedentary lifestyle clearly contribute to today's compromised quality of life in the United States. It is becoming increasingly clear that nutrition can modulate the toxicity of environmental pollutants. Objectives: Our goal in this commentary is to discuss the recommendation that nutrition should be considered a necessary variable in the study of human disease associated with exposure to environmental pollutants. Discussion: Certain diets can contribute to compromised health by being a source of exposure to environmental toxic pollutants. Many of these pollutants are fat soluble, and thus fatty foods often contain higher levels of persistent organics than does vegetable matter. Nutrition can dictate the lipid milieu, oxidative stress, and antioxidant status within cells. The modulation of these parameters by an individual's nutritional status may have profound affects on biological processes, and in turn influence the effects of environmental pollutants to cause disease or dysfunction. For example, potential adverse health effects associated with exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls may increase as a result of ingestion of certain dietary fats, whereas ingestion of fruits and vegetables, rich in antioxidant and anti-inflammatory nutrients or bioactive compounds, may provide protection. Conclusions: We recommend that future directions in environmental health research explore this nutritional paradigm that incorporates a consideration of the relationships between nutrition and lifestyle, exposure to environmental toxicants, and disease. Nutritional interventions may provide the most sensible means to develop primary prevention strategies of diseases associated with many environmental toxic insults.\n      </p>", "In a laboratory experiment using a between-subjects design, the authors examine the effects on nutrition and product evaluations of nutrition claims made (e.g., \"99% fat free; \" \"low in calories\") on a product package, product nutrition value levels, and enduring motivation to process nutrition information. Enduring motivation is shown to moderate the effects of product nutrition value on consumer evaluations. Also, nutrition claims interact with product nutrition value in affecting consumer perceptions of manufacturer credibility. Given the availability of nutrient levels in the Nutrition Facts panel on the back of the mock package, nutrition claims on the front of the package generally did not affect positively consumers' overall product and purchase intention evaluations. The authors discuss some implications of these findings, suggestions for further research, and study limitations.\n      </p>", "Sequencing of the human genome has opened the door to the most exciting new era for nutritional science. It is now possible to study the underlying mechanisms for diet-health relationships, and in the near future dietary advice (and possibly tailored food products) for promoting optimal health could be provided on an individual basis, in relation to genotype and lifestyle. The role of food in human evolution is briefly reviewed, from palaeolithic times to modern-day hunter-gatherer societies. The aetiology of 'diseases of modern civilization', such as diabetes, heart disease and cancer, and the effect of changes in dietary patterns are discussed. The risk of disease is often associated with common single nucleotide polymorphisms, but the effect is dependent on dietary intake and nutritional status, and is often more apparent in intervention studies employing a metabolic challenge. To understand the link between diet and health, nutritional research must cover a broad range of areas, from molecular to whole body studies, and is an excellent example of integrative biology, requiring a systems biology approach. The annual cost to the National Health Service of diet-related diseases is estimated to be in excess of \u00a315 billion, and although diet is a key component of any preventative strategy, it is not given the prominence it deserves. For example, less than 1% of the \u00a31.6 billion budget for coronary heart disease is spent on prevention. The polygenic and multifactorial nature of chronic diseases requires substantial resources but the potential rewards, in terms of quality of life and economics, are enormous. It is timely therefore to consider investing in a long-term coordinated national programme for nutrition research, combining nutritional genomics with established approaches, to improve the health of individuals and of the nation.\n      </p>", "Household nutrition security in the 21st century must come to mean a lot more than avoidance of starvation. Foods for families must be adequate; that is, not just meet the bare energy needs for survival, but provide all the nutrients essential for normal development. The changing nutrition scene is influenced directly and indirectly by several interrelated factors. There is a need to evolve nutritional-orientation of food production programmes; examine and reverse the mistakes of the past and use new knowledge and technologies to evolve new strategies for combating under-nutrition.\n      </p>", "Nutritional problems encountered in avian practice include poor feeding management, faulty diets, and birds suffering from disease or trauma and in need of nutritional support. Energy intakes may be inadequate or excessive. Diets may be lacking in vitamins A and D\u2083, calcium, iodine, or essential amino acids. Other problems, such as zinc or iron toxicoses, myopathies, feather loss or depigmentation, and generalized poor doing, may be linked to nutrition. The challenge of nutritional intervention in companion birds is met by using principles of comparative nutrition, with knowledge from studies in psittacine and passerine birds, melded with clinical judgement and experience.\n      </p>", "Recent declines in numbers and juvenile recruitment in many elk (Cervus elaphus) herds in the western U.S. has sparked interest in factors that may cause these declines. Inadequate nutrition or delayed parturition, the latter of which may be caused by inadequate numbers of mature bulls (i.e., highly skewed sex ratios), may have separate or synergistic effects on population dynamics and productivity. We evaluated the implications of late parturition and summer-autumn nutrition on reproduction and survival of Rocky Mountain elk (C. e. nelsoni) using a captive herd of 57 cow elk. We induced early (Sep) and late breeding (Oct) and 3 levels of summer-autumn nutrition on the cows. Food was offered ad libitum at 3 levels of digestible energy (DE): high = 2.9-3.0 kcal of DE/g of diets, medium = 2.6-3.0 kcal/g, and low = 2.3-3.0 kcal/g. Within these ranges, DE content was gradually reduced from late June through early November to mimic seasonal changes in the wild. During summer and autumn, we measured calf growth; body mass, nutritional condition, and breeding dynamics of cows; and growth and pregnancy of yearlings. We also measured carry-over (i.e., time-lag) responses including over-winter calf and cow survival and parturition date and birth mass, as functions of previous summer-autumn nutrition and previous parturition date. Between autumn 1995 and spring 1998, we conducted 2 years of parturition-date, summer-autumn nutrition experiments, 2 winters of calf survival experiments, and 1 winter of cow survival experiments. Early birth provided calves with more time to grow before onset of winter. This \"head-start\" advantage was maintained through late autumn, but its magnitude was diluted in some instances due to faster growth of some late-born calves. Body mass, body fat, and timing and probability of conception by cows in autumn were little influenced by parturition date the previous spring. Summer-autumn nutrition significantly affected calves and their mothers. Growth of calves in the low and medium nutrition groups ceased by mid-September and late October. By December, calves in the high nutrition group were 40% and 70% heavier than calves in the medium and low groups, respectively. Cows in the high nutrition group accumulated about 75% and 300% more fat than cows in the medium and low groups by mid-October. Eighty percent of cows in the low nutrition group failed to conceive, and those in the medium group bred 10-14 days later than cows in the high group. Summer-autumn nutrition of calves influenced their probability of becoming pregnant as yearlings. Probability of pregnancy approached 100% for those yearlings that had high summer-autumn nutrition as calves and yearlings, despite near starvation their first winter of life. Winter survival of calves was related to their size at the onset of winter. Smaller calves lost more body mass daily than did large calves, and thus they survived fewer days through winter. Summer-autumn nutrition largely determined calf body size at the start of winter and, consequently, determined the proportion of winter survived. Survival of cows over winter was as related to body fat at the onset of winter as it was to nutrition during winter. Carry-over effects of summer-autumn nutrition and parturition date on birth characteristics the following spring were minor. We detected no significant carry-over effect of summer-autumn nutrition or autumn condition on birth mass, although reduced condition in autumn delayed subsequent parturition date. Extent of body fat depletion in cows during the winter-survival experiments in 1998 accounted for 45% of the variation in parturition date. Ninety percent depletion delayed parturition an average of 34 days. Delayed parturition, of a magnitude expected due to highly skewed sex ratios (\u22643 weeks under extreme conditions), probably has only a weak influence on vital rates of free-ranging elk. In contrast, fat accretion and probability of pregnancy of cows, and growth and overwinter survival of calves, were sensitive to small (10-20%) differences in DE content of food. Digestible energy levels of our 2 lower nutrition levels reflect DE ranges reported for large ungulate herds during summer and autumn in western North America. Thus, our data suggest that limiting effects of summer-autumn nutrition on populations may be greater than often assumed, perhaps greater than those during winter in some ecosystems, and consequently indicate a need for greater understanding of nutrition's influence on population dynamics and how this influence varies across space and time. To enhance future research, we present animal- and vegetation-based guidelines for evaluating nutritional influences on elk populations.\n      </p>", "Because present official dietary standards are not applicable to situations of stringency or limited food supply, provisional standards related to minimal needs were formulated. They are to be used to interpret the results of nutrition surveys conducted according to the methods of the ICNND Manual of Nutrition Surveys. High, acceptable, low, and deficient levels are designated for evaluating nutrient intakes, urinary vitamin excretions, and blood constituents. High is defined as high for the prevention of recognizable clinical deficiencies, deficient as levels associated with definite physical impairment due to insufficiency of a nutrient. The data which served as a basis for setting these standards are discussed. Application of the provisional standards to survey data is expected to provide a practical appraisal of the validity of the standards themselves.\n      </p>", "This article uses U.S. food consumption data to examine the effect of maternal nutrition knowledge on the dietary intakes of children between two and seventeen years of age. Results show that maternal knowledge influences children's diets and that such influence decreases as children grow older. Nutrition knowledge acts as a pathway through which maternal education influences children's diets. This finding supports the hypothesis that education affects health-related choices by raising the allocative efficiency of health input use. The results suggest that nutrition education may be more effective if targeted both toward mothers with young children and directly toward school-age children.\n      </p>", "Nutrition information and intake data for a sample of U.S. household meal planners are used to estimate the effects of fiber-specific information on dietary fiber intake. The information variables are measured using survey questions on fiber content of foods, attitude toward consuming fiber-rich foods, and awareness of fiber-health links. The evidence confirms the influence of nutrition information on fiber intake. Household income, meal planner age, smoking status, vegetarian status, race, and ethnicity are major determinants of both information and intake. Education exerts a sizable intake effect by enhancing the information level. Direct and indirect effects of exogenous variables are reported.\n      </p>", "This paper documents a youth garden that was developed in 2000 through a university-community partnership in a low-income, predominantly Latino neighborhood in southwest Detroit. It involved four community-based organizations and several residents\u2014youth among them\u2014from the neighborhood, in garden planning, set-up, and management. Kids grew vegetables of different kinds to take home and ate healthy snacks at the garden. They learned about the importance of vegetables and fruits to healthy diets, the nutritional value of particular vegetables, and how to grow vegetables. At the end of the season, we documented increased interest among kids in eating fruits and vegetables, kids making new friends, an appreciation for working with neighborhood adults and improvement of neighborhood appearance. Kids also showed increased knowledge about nutrition, plant ecology, and gardening and indicated interest in participating in the garden the following year. Although the garden lot was sold two years later, this documentation of benefits is helping inform advocacy of youth gardens with local public agencies and community-based nonprofits.\n      </p>", "The authors examine some potential effects of changes in nutrition labels associated with the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990. They report a study in which effects of basic label format, inclusion of nutrition reference values, perceived nutritiousness of the product, and nutrition knowledge are examined. As hypothesized, results indicate that awareness of whether the product contains more than recommended amounts of negative nutrients (e.g., cholesterol, saturated fat) differs across formats. Also as postulated, inclusion of reference values and higher levels of nutrition knowledge results in higher reported purchase likelihood for a product that is perceived as highly nutritious and lower purchase likelihood for a product with low perceived nutritiousness. They conclude with implications of these results for public policy.\n      </p>", "This paper explores ethical issues relating to the management of patients who are terminally ill and unable to maintain their own nutrition and hydration. A policy of sedation without hydration or nutrition is used in palliative medicine under certain circumstances. The author argues that this policy is dangerous, medically, ethically and legally, and can be disturbing for relatives. The role of the family in management is discussed. This issue requires wide debate by the public and the profession.\n      </p>", "In a 1981 review, Doll and Peto estimated that approximately 35% of cancer deaths in the United States were potentially avoidable by the modification of diet but that this percentage might be as low as 10% or as high as 70%. Since that time, the epidemiologic literature on diet and cancer has grown greatly, as has understanding of the mechanisms of carcinogenesis. In general, this expanded literature has not provided reason to alter the Doll and Peto estimate substantially. For colon cancer, evidence has accumulated that some of the international differences that were attributed to diet are probably due to physical activity. For breast cancer, the concept that fat intake per se is the primary reason for differences in rates among countries has not been supported by prospective studies. Although several lines of evidence suggest that caloric restriction and slow growth rates may contribute importantly to the low rates of breast cancer found outside Western countries, this may not translate directly to practical means of prevention. In contrast to breast cancer, more recent data have supported a causative role for red meat in the development of colon and prostate cancers, although perhaps not entirely due to its fat content. Whereas earlier thinking about nutrition and cancer emphasized the adverse effects of fat and other components in the diet, the most compelling evidence of the last decade has indicated the importance of protective factors, largely unidentified, in fruits and vegetables. Considering the more recent evidence, it is roughly estimated that about 32% of cancer may be avoidable by changes in diet; however, it now seems unlikely that less than 20% or more than 42% of cancer deaths would be avoidable by dietary change.\n      </p>", "Several religious traditions are widely believed to advocate the use of life-sustaining treatment in all circumstances. Hence, many believe that these faiths would require the use of a feeding tube in patients with advanced dementia who have lost interest in or the capacity to swallow food. This article explores whether one such tradition\u2014halachic Judaism\u2014in fact demands the use of artificial nutrition and hydration in this setting. Traditional (halachic) arguments have been advanced holding that treatment can be withheld in persons who are dying, in individuals whose condition causes great suffering, or in the event that the treatment would produce suffering. Individuals with advanced dementia can be considered to be dying, often suffer as a result of their dementia, and are likely to suffer from the use of a feeding tube. Given these observations and the absence of a compelling case for distinguishing between tube feeding and other forms of medical treatment, traditional Judaism appears compatible with withholding artificial nutrition for individuals with advanced dementia.\n      </p>", "We focused on describing low nutritional status in an increasing moose (Alces alces gigas) population with reduced predation in Game Management Unit (GMU) 20A near Fairbanks, Alaska, USA. A skeptical public disallowed liberal antlerless harvests of this moose population until we provided convincing data on low nutritional status. We ranked nutritional status in 15 Alaska moose populations (in boreal forests and coastal tundra) based on multiyear twinning rates. Data on age-of-first-reproduction and parturition rates provided a ranking consistent with twinning rates in the 6 areas where comparative data were available. Also, short-yearling mass provided a ranking consistent with twinning rates in 5 of the 6 areas where data were available. Data from 5 areas implied an inverse relationship between twinning rate and browse removal rate. Only in GMU 20A did nutritional indices reach low levels where justification for halting population growth was apparent, which supports prior findings that nutrition is a minor factor limiting most Alaska moose populations compared to predation. With predator reductions, the GMU 20A moose population increased from 1976 until liberal antlerless harvests in 2004. During 1997-2005, GMU 20A moose exhibited the lowest nutritional status reported to date for wild, noninsular, North American populations, including 1) delayed reproduction until moose reached 36 months of age and the lowest parturition rate among 36-month-old moose (29%, n = 147); 2) the lowest average multiyear twinning rates from late-May aerial surveys ($\\chi{\\bar}=7%$&lt;\\latex&gt;, SE = 0.9%, n = 9 yr, range = 3-10%) and delayed twinning until moose reached 60 months of age; 3) the lowest average mass of female short-yearlings in Alaska ($\\chi{\\bar}=155 \\pm 1.6$&lt;\\latex&gt; [SE] kg in the Tanana Flats subpopulation, up to 58 kg below average masses found elsewhere); and 4) high removal (42%) of current annual browse biomass compared to 9-26% elsewhere in boreal forests. When average multiyear twinning rates in GMU 20A (sampled during 1960-2005) declined to &lt;10% in the mid-to late 1990s, we began encouraging liberal antlerless harvests, but only conservative annual harvests of 61-76 antlerless moose were achieved during 1996-2001. Using data in the context of our broader ranking system, we convinced skeptical citizen advisory committees to allow liberal antlerless harvests of 600-690 moose in 2004 and 2005, with the objective of halting population growth of the 16,000-17,000 moose; total harvests were 7-8% of total prehunt numbers. The resulting liberal antlerless harvests served to protect the moose population's health and habitat and to fulfill a mandate for elevated yield. Liberal antlerless harvests appear justified to halt population growth when multiyear twinning rates average \\leq10%$$&lt;\\latex&gt; and $\\geq1$&lt;\\latex&gt; of the following signals substantiate low nutritional status: &lt;50% of 36-month-old moose are parturient, average multiyear short-yearling mass is &lt;175 kg, or &gt;35% of annual browse biomass is removed by moose.\n      </p>", "The effects of ad disclosure information on evaluations of the brand, the advertisement, and purchase intentions are postulated to vary across different ad claim types. In addition, consumers 1 product health perceptions arc hypothesized to mediate the effects of the disclosure information and ad claim type on brand and ad-related evaluations. Results from a between subjects' experiment show that the health perception measure mediates the effect of the disclosure on brand and ad evaluations, but the interaction between the ad claim type and the disclosure is not mediated by the inclusion in the model of consumers' product health perceptions.\n      </p>", "This research investigates the effects of consumer characteristics (e.g., familiarity and enduring motivation) and stimulus characteristics (e.g., information format and content) on the utilization of nutrition information. Results indicate that both types of characteristics influence information processing and decision quality. Moreover, stimulus characteristics, in general, were found to facilitate these activities irrespective of consumer differences\n      </p>", "The environment in which a breeding female lives prior to conception and during the early stages of her pregnancy has striking effects on oocytes developing in the ovarian follicle and on early embryos in the reproductive tract. Of the various environmental factors known to affect oocyte and embryo development, altered nutrition during this critical period has been particularly well studied. Alterations in the quantity of food consumed or the composition of the diet imposed solely during the pre-mating period affect oocyte maturity, blastocyst yield, prenatal survival and the number of offspring born alive. Importantly, nutrition at this time also affects the quality of embryos and resultant offspring, with increasing evidence from a variety of species showing that periconception nutrition can alter behaviour, cardiovascular function and reproductive function throughout post-natal life. In livestock species, it is important to devise nutritional strategies that improve reproductive efficiency and the quality of offspring but that do not add to the environmental footprint of the production system and which recognize likely changes in feedstuff availability arising from predicted changes in climate.\n      </p>", "The authors evaluate seven nutrition label formats to determine consumer comprehension and acceptance of displayed information. They test comprehension on five tasks: comparing two products, judging healthfulness, verifying claims, estimating servings needed to meet the daily requirement for a nutrient, and balancing nutrients in a daily diet. Performance scores were higher on some tasks\u2014particularly dietary management ones\u2014for formats that displayed nutrient amounts in percentages than for those that displayed nutrient amounts in metric units, even when interpretational aids were included on the metric formats. The two most preferred formats were metric formats with an interpretational aid. The findings have an important impact on decisions about the final nutrition label format required by the Food and Drug Administration.\n      </p>", "In a between-subjects experiment, the authors examine how differences in Nutrition Facts information on fat and fiber, coupled with differing claims for these nutrients (including multiple nutrient claims and a health claim), influence consumers' product evaluations, perceptions and awareness of disease risk, and trust of the claims and Nutrition Facts information. Results show that the Nutrition Facts information regarding fat affects consumers' evaluations and perceptions of disease risk but that information on fiber does not. Claims do not affect product evaluations or purchase intentions, and there is a weak effect of inclusion of a health claim on disease risk perceptions. Consumers are less likely to recognize incongruencies in claim and Nutrition Facts information about fiber than fat. Incongruencies regarding the level of fat in the product result in lower trust in the claim information but do not affect trust in the Nutrition Facts data. The authors discuss implications for consumer welfare and public policy.\n      </p>", "In the cellulose of stems and leaves, \u03b4 13C was investigated in a birch clone (Betula pendula), which was exposed throughout the growing season to either &lt;3 (control) or 90/40 nl O\u2083 l-1 (day/night). Each regime was split into plants under high or low nutrient supply. \u03b4 13C was increased (becoming less negative), in stems rather than leaves, by both high nutrition (+2\u2030) and O\u2083 stress (+1\u2030). Whereas high nutrition raised the wateruse efficiency (WUE) while lowering the CO\u2082 concentration in the inner leaf air space (ci), WUE decreased and ci increased under O\u2083 stress. Therefore, only the nutritional effect on the carbon isotope fractionation was reproduced by the model of Farquhar et al. (1982) which estimates WUE by means of \u03b4 13C based on ci. ci was not biased by 'patchiness' in respect to stomatal opening. The latter was verified by microscopical analysis and the complete water infiltration of the birch leaves through the stomata, independent of the diurnal course of the leaf conductance for water vapour. Under low nutrient supply, the activity of phosphoenol pyruvate carboxylase (PEPC) was roughly doubled by ozone to about 1.3% of the total carboxylation capacity (by PEPC + rubisco), and was increased to 1.7% under high nutrition. The fractionation model, extended to account for varying activities of the carboxylating enzymes, indicated that stimulated PEPC was the cause of elevated \u03b4 13C, although ci was increased under O\u2083 stress. The stimulation of PEPC and, as a consequence, elevated \u03b4 13C are discussed as part of a whole-plant acclimation to O\u2083 stress.\n      </p>", "Nutrition appeared somewhat late on the scene in the I.B.P. projects in the U.K., but eventually it occupied an integral part of many of the H.A. (human adaptability) investigations. The nutritional data obtained in the studies of isolated and near-isolated communities in Tristan da Cunha and in New Guinea provided information of wide nutritional significance. There were also detailed and extensive studies in Israel which, similarly to those in New Guinea, attempted to relate nutritional factors to environment, working conditions, and physical fitness. Some extraordinarily low energy intakes found in Ethiopians have induced much speculation on the extent to which man can adequately adapt to restricted food supplies. Interesting nutritional observations, of general importance, have also arisen from results obtained on such disparate groups as Glasgow adolescents, Tanzanian and Sudanese students, children in Malawi and vegans in the U.K.\n      </p>", "Researchers have long been interested in food and nutrition regulations. Such regulations, however, expand beyond the typical research focus on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Several international organizations play a role in global food and nutrition regulations. The authors discuss the issues revolving around harmonization of food and nutrition regulations and discuss the potential benefits and negative impacts of this process.\n      </p>", "The author reports a longitudinal quasi experiment that uses the implementation of the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act (NLEA) to examine the consumer and information determinants of nutrition information processing activities. Over 1000 consumers from balanced demographic, geographic, and site categories and across 20 different product categories were observed and surveyed within a supermarket setting. Findings suggest that consumers acquired and comprehended more nutrition information following the introduction of the new labels. The NLEA did not, however, always influence these outcomes irrespective of individual consumer differences. Specifically, the new nutrition labels were comprehensible to consumers with varying levels of motivation and most types of nutrition knowledge. However, the new labels appeared to widen consumer differences in terms of how much nutrition information was actually acquired\\3-more motivated consumers and less skeptical consumers acquired more information after the NLEA was passed. Finally, consistent with the NLEA's apparent ability to reduce comprehension differences, the new labels narrowed comprehension differences across healthy and unhealthy products. In contrast, the NLEA widened differences in nutrition information acquisition in favor of unhealthy product categories. These results have implications for public health gains, as well as for the degree to which nutrition may become the basis for competition in unhealthy product categories.\n      </p>", "A framework is developed to evaluate food assistance programs and is applied to the Farmers' Market Nutrition Program--a program intended to increase consumption of fresh fruits and vegetables (F&amp;V) by providing coupons and information. Because individuals differ, some coupons are unused, some replace existing consumption and simply enhance income, and some induce increased consumption. Results show that coupons alone reduce social welfare because recipients value F&amp;V less than society. However, when coupons are used as a lure to distribute information, demand increases. In a household production framework the program is shown to enhance social welfare by correcting a market failure.\n      </p>", "Nutritional status, host defense, and susceptibility to infection are closely interconnected. General malnutrition or deficiencies of individual nutrients can compromise the immune system and have specific effects. For example, zinc deficiency produces involution of the thymus and decreased production of T lymphocytes. In addition, the ability of macrophages to ingest and kill microorganisms is diminished. Vitamin A deficiency results in metaplastic changes in epithelial tissues, reducing their effectiveness as barriers to microbial penetration. Humoral and cell-mediated specific immunity may be impaired by faulty T-cell differentiation or function and depressed splenocyte blast transformation to T-cell mitogens. Deficiencies of other nutrients have comparably serious effects. As a consequence, animals that are marginally to acutely deficient in nutrient intake may be unprepared to deal with the extraordinary circumstances of relocation and are unusually susceptible to infection. The stresses associated with translocation, removal from the wild, or reintroduction of animals from captivity into the wild are sufficiently serious that first consideration must be given to the acceptability, safety, quality, and quantity of the food supply. Otherwise, animals are exposed to unacceptable risks of infectious disease, and the success of efforts intended to be life preserving rather than life threatening is jeopardized.\n      </p>", "1. Macaranga (Euphorbiaceae) is a paleotropical tree genus comprising myrmecophytic and non-myrmecophytic species. All species are presumed to possess food bodies (FBs) to maintain or attract ants as anti-herbivore defence. 2. The hypothesis was tested that Macaranga species differing in their mode of association with ants would produce FBs differing in their chemical composition. We investigated contents of carbohydrates, proteins and lipids in FBs of four myrmecophytic and one non-myrmecophytic Macaranga as well as one Parthenocissus (Vitaceae) species. 3. On a dry weight basis, FBs of myrmecophytes contained relatively higher amounts of proteins compared to carbohydrates than those of non-myrmecophytes. Soluble carbohydrates showed species-specific patterns and were found in especially high amounts in both non-myrmecophytes. Furthermore, Parthenocissus FBs contained higher amounts of soluble compared to polymerous substances not only in carbohydrates but also in proteins. 4. FBs seem to be specifically adapted to their respective role in ant attraction and nutrition, with myrmecophytes providing ants with high amounts of lipids and proteins and non-myrmecophytes mainly offering carbohydrates in the form of common soluble sugars.\n      </p>", "In operational terms, effective nutrition services can increase health worker credibility with mothers and increase their receptivity toward family planning. Among other synergistic program relationships, high IUD removal rates are related to nutritional anemia in women which could be corrected by nutritional supplementation. Finally, operating efficiencies might be attainable in some instances through the use of common personnel and facilities. Integration, although desirable in many cases, faces several barriers: attempts to maintain separate programs in order to preserve independent institutional prestige and power; unequal priority assignment to the different programs; the lack of integrated approaches by international funding agencies. Additional information would be useful on attitudes in the parental procreation decision-making process, managerial requisites of integrated delivery systems, biological and physiological linkages between fertility and nutrition, and impact assessment of integrated programs. Two of the most critical problems facing low-income countries today are wide-spread malnutrition and burgeoning populations. Programs have been mounted to attack both of these interrelated problems, but little has been done to coordinate and integrate these efforts. In many situations there appears to be strong rationale for such integration. Both are new programs trying to establish their places on the national development agenda. Population control is more readily justified by economic criteria while nutrition is more socially and politically acceptable. Their fusion can achieve a mutually reinforcing complementarity. There also exists a series of relationships (with varying degrees of evidential strength) among fertility, family size, and malnutrition: smaller families result in better nutrition which reduces malnutrition-related mortality, thus improving child survival probabilities and, in turn, enhancing family-planning motivation.\n      </p>", "The authors report the results of a laboratory experiment that investigates whether consumers can evaluate nutrition information in the presence of a health claim. Results show that both health claims and nutrition information influence beliefs about product healthfulness. However, health claims do not influence the processing of nutrition information on a food label. Rather, health claims and nutrition information have independent effects on consumer beliefs. The authors discuss the implications of these findings for the Food and Drug Administration policy on limiting health claims.\n      </p>", "Objective To compare the safety and clinical outcomes of enterai and parenteral nutrition in patients with acute pancreatitis. Data sources Medline, Embase, Cochrane controlled trials register, and citation review of relevant primary and review articles. Study selection Randomised controlled studies that compared enterai nutrition with parenteral nutrition in patients with acute pancreatitis. From 117 articles screened, six were identified as randomised controlled trials and were included for data extraction. Data extraction Six studies with 263 participants were analysed. Descriptive and outcome data were extracted. Main outcome measures were infections, complications other than infections, operative interventions, length of hospital stay, and mortality. The meta-analysis was performed with the random effects model. Data synthesis Enterai nutrition was associated with a significantly lower incidence of infections (relative risk 0.45; 95% confidence interval 0.26 to 0.78, P = 0.004), reduced surgical interventions to control pancreatitis (0.48,0.22 to 1.0, P = 0.05), and a reduced length of hospital stay (mean reduction 2.9 days, 1.6 days to 4.3 days, P &lt; 0.001). There were no significant differences in mortality (relative risk 0.66,0.32 to 1.37, P = 0.3) or non-infectious complications (0.61,0.31 to 1.22, P = 0.16) between the two groups of patients. Conclusions Enterai nutrition should be the preferred route of nutritional support in patients with acute pancreatitis.\n      </p>", "Mathematical programming models for nutrition planning in developing nations typically involve the optimization of a single criterion function subject to resource and nutritional constraints. The nutritional constraints specify that the amount available of each nutrient for human consumption should meet or exceed some prechosen nutrient requirement level. However, fixed nutrient requirement levels are difficult to prespecify. In this paper, a bicriteria mathematical programming model is proposed which does not require planners to prespecify nutrient requirement levels for several key nutrients. Instead, the model generates an entire set of efficient nutrition plans which supply various amounts of these nutrients. To demonstrate the use and potential benefits of this model, an illustrative application to Colombia, South America is included.\n      </p>", "The Nutrition Labeling and Education Act (NLEA) of 1990 requires the provision of daily value reference information on food labels to improve consumer judgments of product nutritiousness. Yet, a review of the literature reveals little research indicating that daily values (DVs) have such a facilitative effect. In light of this, the authors empirically examine how DVs fare against an alternative reference point in the form of average-brand values. Their results demonstrate that these two reference points differ in terms of their impact on consumers' interpretation of nutritional information. In particular, they find that average-brand reference points better facilitate consumer discernment between healthy and less healthy products than either the DVs currently mandated by the NLEA or no reference information at all. Their findings also reveal the potential for DVs to cause consumers to form incorrect conclusions about a product's nutritiousness. The authors draw implications regarding the provision of reference information on product labels as a means of attaining public policy objectives.\n      </p>", "Many health problems that elderly people face today relate not only to the nature of their affliction but also to the kind of treatment required. Such treatment often includes artificial nutrition and hydration, (ANH) a procedure which, despite its technical and invasive character, is still considered to be vested with symbolic meanings. It is precisely during the efforts to reach a legal consensus that the discrepancies between various cultural contexts become obvious. The following case explores the Greek clinical territory in comparison with the international situation, and the reasons why, in Greece, the right to refuse treatment is not necessarily interpreted as including the right to refuse artificial nutrition and hydration as well.\n      </p>", "Four studies investigate the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act's (NLEA's) impact on how consumers use nutrition information. Field and laboratory studies compare, but do not detect any changes in, consumers' search for nutrition information or their recall of this information in the pre- and post-NLEA periods. However, the search activities of a select group (highly motivated and less knowledgeable consumers) benefited more from the NLEA than did other groups. Additional results from the field and lab studies indicate that the NLEA changed attention to negative nutrition attributes (such as fat and sodium, of which less is better) more than it changed attention to positive attributes such as calcium and vitamins. Analyses of scanner databases confirm this trend (with the exception of calories). Focus group results also reflect these findings. The authors discuss implications for public policy, management, academic research, and consumer welfare.\n      </p>", "Data from the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey are used to analyze the effect of the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) Program and other factors on the health of U.S. preschool children. Ordered probit equations are estimated for the physician's overall evaluation of the child's health. The WIC Program has a significant positive impact on the overall health of children. In particular, children in households participating in WIC are significantly more likely to be in excellent health. Increased household income also improves their health.\n      </p>", "The hypothesis was tested that faster growth of nitrophilic plants at high nitrogen (N) nutrition is counterbalanced by faster growth of non-nitrophilic plants at low N-nutrition. Ten annual plant species were used which originated from habitats of different N-availability. The species' preference for N was quantified by the \"N-number\" of Ellenberg (1979), a relative measure of nitrophily. The plants were cultivated in a growth cabinet at five levels of ammonium-nitrate supply. At low N-supply, the relative growth rate (RGR) was independent of nitrophily. At high N-supply, RGR tended to be higher in nitrophilic than in non-nitrophilic species. However, the response of RGR to N-supply was strongly and positively correlated with the nitrophily of species. Increasing N-supply enhanced partitioning to leaf weight per total biomass (LWR) and increased plant leaf area per total biomass (LAR). Specific leaf weight (SLW) and LWR were both higher in non-nitrophilic than in nitrophilic species at all levels of N-nutrition. NAR (growth per leaf area or net assimilation rate) increased with nitrophily only under conditions of high N-supply. RGR correlated positively with LAR, irrespective of N-nutrition. Under conditions of high N-supply RGR correlated with SLW negatively and with NAR positively.\n      </p>", "Is the increase in away\u2010from\u2010home food consumption partially responsible for the rising prevalence of overweight consumers? Some believe that this may be the case since restaurants are not required to make easily accessible nutrition information available at the point of purchase. A field study, experiment, and consumer food diaries were used to explore how nutrition information disclosure on menus may influence consumers\u2019 product evaluations and consumption behaviors. In the context of away\u2010from\u2010home food consumption, we find that product claims and consumer motivation moderate the effects of nutrition information provision. Consumer health and welfare implications of our findings are discussed.\n      </p>", "New York State established a Nutrition Surveillance Program (NSP) in 1984. Precedents for the program included the Pediatric Nutrition Surveillance System of the Public Health Service's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and periodic food and nutrition surveys conducted by the National Center for Health Statistics and the Human Nutrition Information Service, Department of Agriculture. The first phase of NSP was connected to a new program, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), which established support for more than 1,000 emergency food programs across the State. SNAP also expanded the home delivered meal program for the frail elderly and the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children. NSP provided information on the extent of unmet nutrition needs that was used to establish funding requests and provided data describing the characteristics of SNAP participants that were used in developing new SNAP program components. The second phase of NSP began in 1988. It identified populations that were thought to be at nutrition risk and compiled information about the extent of unmet need, the characteristics of the population, and the status of current nutrition programs to meet the needs. As a result of this review, NSP added a nutrition component to the Dental Survey of School Children; conducted a dietary survey; developed an inventory of information sources in all State agencies; and established an annual work plan using department of health objectives. The third phase of NSP is the policy and planning phase, monitoring the Year 2000 Objectives and the Five-Year Plan of the New York State Food and Nutrition Policy Council.\n      </p>", "The author assesses whether a type of reference information that provides a summary description of all available brands on a product attribute, such as the average fat content of all brands of ice-cream bars, facilitates consumer usage of nutrition information. He examines summary information in the form of the average value and range of values of all available brands on an attribute. Hypotheses are generated and assessed across two experiments to test the proposition that numerical nutrition information will be used to a greater degree by consumers when it is presented with summary information than without. The findings point to the importance of summary information in facilitating the usage of nutrition information by consumers and the need for further research in this area. In addition, the author also examines the effect of verbal presentations of nutrition information in light of the descriptive nature of verbal information that allows its interpretation without summary information. Verbal presentations of nutrition information were found to lead to a greater degree of usage of such information than numerical presentations, suggesting the importance of verbal presentations in facilitating the usage of nutrition information.\n      </p>", "1. Nitrogen is generally regarded as a crucial, limiting nutrient for phytophagous insects. Nitrogen levels in two species of cynipid galls (Neuroterus quercus-baccarum L. and Andricus lignicola Hartig) on oak (Quercus robur L.) were monitored after experimental enhancement of host-plant nitrogen levels over 2 years. 2. The nitrogen content of gall-tissue was unaffected by fertilization of the hostplant, although the nitrogen content of leaf-tissue was elevated. Furthermore, fertilization did not improve gall-insect performance. These results superficially run counter to the predictions of the nutrition theory for the adaptive nature of plant galls. 3. However, in one of the two species (Neuroterus) survivorship was highly variable across individual oak trees, and was negatively correlated with gall nitrogen content. Between-tree differences persisted across years, irrespective of fertilization treatment. 4. Consistent with these results, experimental reduction in number of Neuroterus galls per leaf did not lead to an increase in nitrogen levels in the remaining galls, or to an improvement in insect performance. Thus, there was no relationship between gall density and gall nitrogen content, nor between density and insect performance. 5. We conclude that cynipid gall-formers may be able to manipulate host nitrogen levels to their own advantage, by preventing an increase in gall nitrogen levels on fertilized trees; such an increase would reduce insect survival rates. Our results are therefore consistent with the nutrition hypothesis to explain the evolution of insect galls.\n      </p>", "It has only recently become apparent that the apoplast plays a major role in a diverse range of processes, including intercellular signalling, plant-microbe interactions and both water and nutrient transport. Broadly defined, the apoplast constitutes all compartments beyond the plasmalemma - the interfibrillar and intermicellar space of the cell walls, and the xylem, including its gas- and water-filled intercellular space - extending to the rhizoplane and cuticle of the outer plant surface. The physico-chemical properties of cell walls influence plant mineral nutrition, as nutrients do not simply pass through the apoplast to the plasmalemma but can also be adsorbed or fixed to cell-wall components. Here, current progress in understanding the significance of the apoplast in plant mineral nutrition is reviewed. The contribution of the root apoplast to short-distance transport and nutrient uptakes is examined particularly in relation to Na+ toxicity and Al3+ tolerance. The review extends to long-distance transport and the role of the apoplast as a habitat for microorganisms. In the leaf, the apoplast might have benefits over the vacuole as a site for short-term nutrient storage and solute exchange with the atmosphere.\n      </p>", "Objective: To detect respiratory adverse reactions potentially related to receipt of peripheral parenteral nutrition (PPN) in hospitalized patients and to determine risk factors for their occurrence. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Federal tertiary-care hospital. Patients: Medical and pharmacy records of all patients who received PPN from October 1992 to February 1994 were abstracted for demographics, diagnoses, medications received, indications for and formulation of PPN, and severity of illness as measured by Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation II scores. Results: A case-patient was defined as any patient who, while receiving PPN, had unexplained chest pain, dyspnea, cardiopulmonary arrest, or new interstitial infiltrates on chest radiograph. Patients who received PPN in which FreAmine was the amino acid source were more likely than those who received PPN made with Travasol to meet the case definition (5/11 vs 0/39; relative risk, &gt;18; 95% confidence interval, 3.3-&lt;136; P&lt;.001). Conclusions: A change in the amino acid source of a PPN admixture was associated with respiratory adverse events that ranged from interstitial infiltrates to sudden death. These events apparently resulted from the infusion of a calcium phosphate precipitate in an opaque admixture. Each new PPN admixture should be tested for stability before clinical use and infused into patients through an appropriate filter.\n      </p>", "The ability of mycorrhizal (M) and non-mycorrhizal (NM) plants of Pinus contorta (Dougl. ex Loud) to utilize protein as a nitrogen source was examined. Mycorrhizas were synthesized with the fungal symbionts Paxillus involutus, Rhizopogon roseolus, Suillus bovinus and Pisolithus tinctorius. The plants were grown under aseptic conditions and provided with nitrogen in the form of either protein or ammonium. Dry weight yields of plants infected with P. involutus, R. roseolus and S. bovinus were significantly higher than those of NM plants when grown on protein as the N source. In these associations yields of M plants on protein were similar to those obtained on ammonium-N. Non-mycorrhizal plants had little ability to use protein N and the same was true of plants infected with P. tinctorius. Plants in those associations which provided a yield increase also contained larger quantities of N. Calculations show that in all these cases some of the increases of N content arise through utilization of protein. The implications of the results are discussed in relation to the nitrogen nutrition of the plant and to the pattern of N mobilization in soil. It is proposed that the ability of mycorrhizal associations to utilize protein N will lead not only to an increased supply of N to the plant but also to more effective competition with the decomposer population and to an overall tightening of the nitrogen cycle.\n      </p>", "To realize their reproductive potential, male Mediterranean fruit flies must run a gauntlet of behavioral challenges during which they may be edged out by rivals, or fail the acid test of female choice. Milestones on this perilous road include: 1. showing up at a lek site, 2. emitting pheromone, 3. performing courtship, 4. Copulation, 5. sperm transfer and storage, 6.fertilization of eggs, 7. preventing or delaying female remating. In a number of recent studies focused on each of these steps we tested the hypothesis that post-teneral male nutrition affects male sexual performance. Both field and laboratory data indicate that protein nutrition increases a male's probability of emitting pheromone in a lek. Field cage data show that protein fed males are also more likely to engage in critical elements of close-range courtship, and evidence from several studies indicate that protein fed males are more likely to copulate than sugar-fed or starved flies. As to sperm transfer and storage, we find that the context of the experiment and the source of flies used affect the outcome, suggesting that diet alone cannot explain the variability in the probability of sperm being transferred, and in the amount of sperm transferred. To date we have not studied effects of male diet on fertilization. Nevertheless, we have shown that male diet significantly affects female receptivity: females whose first mate was protein-deprived, remate sooner than females whose first mate was protein-fed. /// Para realizar su potencial reproductivo, los machos de la mosca mediterr\u00e1nea deben aceptar el reto en cuanto a los desaf\u00edos de comportamiento durante los cuales ellos podr\u00edan ser eliminados por rivales, o fallar la prueba critica de la selecci\u00f3n de la hembra. Los puntos de referencia en este peligroso camino incluyen: 1. presencia en el lugar designado para el cortejo, 2. emisi\u00f3n de feromonas, 3. realizaci\u00f3n del cortejo, 4. copulaci\u00f3n, 5. transferencia de esperma y almacenamiento, 6. fertilizaci\u00f3n de los huevos, 7. prevenci\u00f3n o retraso del re-apareamiento de la hembra. En estudios recientes enfocados a cada uno de estos pasos, se prob\u00f3 la hip\u00f3tesis de que la nutrici\u00f3n posterior a la muda en los machos afecta la actividad sexual del macho. Tanto la informaci\u00f3n del campo como la de laboratorio indican que la nutrici\u00f3n con prote\u00ednas aumenta la probabilidad del macho de emitir feromonas en el lugar del cortejo. La informaci\u00f3n de las jaulas de campo demuestran que los machos alimentados con prote\u00ednas tambi\u00e9n son m\u00e1s probables que se envuelvan en elementos cr\u00edticos del cortejo a corta distancia, y evidencia proveniente de varios estudios indican que los machos alimentados con prote\u00ednas son mas dados a copular que las moscas alimentadas con az\u00facar o no alimentadas. Con respecto a la transferencia de esperma y almacenamiento se ha conseguido que el contexto del experimento y la fuente de las moscas utilizadas afectan el resultado, sugiriendo que la dieta por si sola no puede explicar la variabilidad en la probabilidad que el esperma se transfiere, y en la cantidad de esperma transferida. Hasta la fecha no hemos estudiado los efectos de la dieta del macho sobre la fertilizaci\u00f3n. No obstante, se ha demostrado que la dieta del macho afecta significativamente la receptividad de la hembra: las hembras cuyo primer apareamiento fue con machos privados de prote\u00ednas, se re-aparearon con mayor rapidez que la hembras cuyo primer apareamiento fue con machos alimentos con prote\u00ednas.\n      </p>", "The influence of nutrition on the allocation of dry matter is investigated using data from previously published experiments with the forest tree species (Betula pendular Roth., Picea babies (L.) Karst., Pinus contorta Doug., and Pinus Sibbaldia L.) where the nutrient status of the plants was maintained constant over a considerable period of time and biomass increase (steady-state nutrition and growth). We demonstrated that the allocation patterns of a plant species under limiting nutrient conditions and at optimum can be derived from parameters that have been used to characterize relationships between nutrient status, nutrient uptake, and growth of the species. The properties of the plant that control biomass allocation are discussed on the basis of these findings.\n      </p>", "The bioethical issues confronting the Jewish chaplain in a long-term care facility are critical, particularly as life-support systems become more sophisticated and advance directives become more commonplace. May an elderly competent patient refuse CPR in advance if it is perceived as a life-prolonging measure? May a physician withhold CPR or artificial nutrition and hydration (which some view as basic care and not as therapeutic (intervention) from terminal patients with irreversible illnesses? In this study of Jewish ethics relating to these issues, the author carefully examines the moral implications and legal precedents in the literature. Jewish ethics, affirming a 'sancity of life' position, suggest that while an elderly person may direct in advance that CPR not be administered in most instances, in the absence of a DNR (Do Not Resuscitate) order, CPR must be performed. In reference to 'tube-feeding', while there is some debate about whether elderly patients may refuse the initiation of 'tube-feeding', there is a consensus that once initiated, it may not be withdrawn.\n      </p>", "       setTimeout(function(){\n                    var a=document.createElement(\"script\");\n                    var b=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];\n                    a.src=document.location.protocol+\"//dnn506yrbagrg.cloudfront.net/pages/scripts/0010/4927.js\";\n                    a.async=true;a.type=\"text/javascript\";b.parentNode.insertBefore(a,b)\n                }, 1);\n            </script><script type=\"text/javascript\">\n                \n                  var _gaq = _gaq || [];\n                  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-20266811-1']);\n                  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);\n                \n                  (function() {\n                    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;\n                    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';\n                    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);\n                  })();\n\n            </script><div id=\"SCData\" data-pagename=\"front door\" class=\"hide\"/><script src=\"/discover/application/resources/js/jstor-site-catalyst-tracking.js\" type=\"text/javascript\"> </script></body></html", "Prokelisia marginata is a wing-dimorphic planthopper that feeds on the phloem sap of the intertidal marsh grass Spartina alterniflora. Populations are comprised of two wing-forms: flightless brachypters and macropters, which can fly. Macropters migrate between permanent and temporary stands of Spartina. Brachypters, because of their immobility and early age at first reproduction, are the successful morph as long as conditions remain suitable in the current patch of host plants. Wingform in planthoppers is not inherited according to any simple genetic rule; there is a strong environmental component. Various environmental cues acting on the nymphal stage trigger a developmental switch that determines adult wing-form. We investigated the wing-form response to two environmental cues, crowding and host plant nutrition, by raising planthoppers at five levels of crowding on nutritionally superior and inferior seedlings of Spartina. Percentage of macroptery was density-dependent in females but not in males. Even when raised in isolation a significant number of males eclosed as macropters. There was no consistent main effect of host plant nutrition on wing-form. However, there was a significant crowding x host nutrition interaction, which suggest that the density-dependent migration response observed at high densities is dampened if planthoppers feed on nutritionally superior hosts. The roles of crowding and host plant nutrition in the population dynamics and migration behavior of P. marginata are discussed.\n      </p>", "Small ruminant production in northeast Brazil is limited by prolonged nutritional stress during the dry season. Our study assessed the effects of clearcutting woody vegetation on the nutrition of goats and sheep during the initial dry season following clearing. Dry matter intake $({\\rm g}\\bullet \\text{day}^{-1})$ was higher for animals on cleared than on uncleared areas (818 vs. 627; P&lt;0.05). Extrusa from esophageally fistulated animals grazing cleared, as opposed to uncleared, areas was more digestible (52 vs. 47%; P&lt;0.05), was similar in crude protein (7.1 vs. 7.1%; P&lt;0.05), and was lower in neutral detergent fiber (49 vs. 51%; P&lt;0.05) and lignin (14 vs. 16%; P&lt;0.05). Intake and diet quality declined on both cleared and uncleared areas as forage availability declined. Animals on cleared areas benefitted from increased availability of herbs and of biomass from palatable trees that coppiced and retained green leaves throughout much of the dry season. Animals on uncleared areas relied heavily on leaf litter from trees, which provided a poorer quality, but persistent, source of forage throughout the dry season.\n      </p>", "It has been a decade since the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act mandated that the Nutrition Facts panel on food labels be formatted with nutrient reference values, namely, percent daily value (%DV). Across a series of three studies, the authors demonstrate that consumers have difficulty using %DV from the Nutrition Facts panel to determine their required calcium intake. These effects are demonstrated in Study 1 with consumers who are at risk for osteoporosis (seniors age 55 and over). In Study 2, the authors provide evidence that physicians dispense calcium recommendations to their patients in milligrams, even though most doctors cannot transform the %DV from the Nutrition Facts panel into milligrams. Study 3 reveals that exposing pregnant and lactating women to easy-to-use information in combination with the Nutrition Facts panel increases their calcium consumption to within the suggested daily recommended range.\n      </p>", "Maternal nutritional stress lowers the organic content of eggs and slows the initial growth of larvae of sea urchins and bivalves. Also, larval nutritional stress changes the form and developmental sequence of larvae as an adjustment to scarce food. If effects of nutrient supplies in eggs were like those of nutrient supplies in planktonic food, then maternal nutrition would affect larval form and developmental plasticity in the same way as larval nutrition. We used natural variation in maternal habitat to test this hypothesis, using laboratory growth experiments. In the sea urchin Strongylocentrotus droebachiensis, mothers from greater depth (100 m) had smaller ovaries and smaller eggs than mothers from shallower depth (&lt;6 m), which indicated poorer maternal nutrition at depth. Effects of maternal habitat, gonad size, and egg size on larval growth rate were significant but small compared to the effect of abundance of larval food. The growth of larvae was little affected by differences in maternal habitat that had a large effect on fecundity and some effect on egg size. There were no effects on larval body or juvenile rudiment that resembled the developmental plasticity in response to larval food. Food-limited mothers did not produce larvae with larger larval feeding apparatus or retarded development of juvenile rudiments. Uncoupled morphogenetic effects of endogenous and exogenous nutrients should be advantageous where benthic and planktonic food supplies vary independently. Finely tuned responses to stimuli may restrict the evolutionary consequences of developmental plasticity. Because maternal nutrition did not affect form of the larvae, larval form can be used as an index of planktonic conditions affecting feeding larvae.\n      </p>", "The influence of mineral nutrition on the parasite-host relationship of witchweed (Striga lutea Lour.) and sorghum (Sorghum vulgare Pers. 'Texas Bighead') was investigated in greenhouse and growth chamber studies. Sorghum was grown in Eustis loamy sand, either infested or not infested with witchweed, and treated with one of three levels of mineral nutrients. Witchweed reduced host-shoot yields by about 70% at the low nutrient levels and by about 45% at the highest nutrient level. Witchweed produced seed at all nutrient levels, whereas the host produced seed at the highest level only. Increased nutrition also increased witchweed yields. Regardless of nutrient level, an early attack by witchweed was more destructive to the host than a late attack. Growth of witchweed in soil also was studied after the parasite was detached from the host or the host shoot was removed. When only the host shoot was removed, (a) witchweed growth was inhibited; (b) feeding of sucrose to witchweed did not restore parasite growth; (c) mineral nutrients were toxic to the parasite; and (d) high relative humidity around witchweed protected it from the nutrient toxicity. High relative humidity enhanced survival of the detached parasite but markedly inhibited growth of witchweed in the intact parasite-host relationship.\n      </p>", "Background: The paradigm of human risk assessment includes many variables that must be viewed collectively in order to improve human health and prevent chronic disease. The pathology of chronic diseases is complex, however, and may be influenced by exposure to environmental pollutants, a sedentary lifestyle, and poor dietary habits. Much of the emerging evidence suggests that nutrition can modulate the toxicity of environmental pollutants, which may alter human risks associated with toxicant exposures. Objectives: In this commentary, we discuss the basis for recommending that nutrition be considered a critical variable in disease outcomes associated with exposure to environmental pollutants, thus establishing the importance of incorporating nutrition within the context of cumulative risk assessment. Discussion: A convincing body of research indicates that nutrition is a modulator of vulnerability to environmental insults; thus, it is timely to consider nutrition as a vital component of human risk assessment. Nutrition may serve as either an agonist or an antagonist (e.g., high-fat foods or foods rich in antioxidants, respectively) of the health impacts associated with exposure to environmental pollutants. Dietary practices and food choices may help explain the large variability observed in human risk assessment. Conclusion: We recommend that nutrition and dietary practices be incorporated into future environmental research and the development of risk assessment paradigms. Healthful nutrition interventions might be a powerful approach to reduce disease risks associated with many environmental toxic insults and should be considered a variable within the context of cumulative risk assessment and, where appropriate, a potential tool for subsequent risk reduction.\n      </p>", "We investigated the effects of crowding and host plant nutrition on the development time and body length (a correlate of fecundity) of Prokelisia marginata, a wing-dimorphic planthopper that feeds on the phloem sap of the intertidal marsh grass Spartina alterniflora. Crowding delayed development time for males and females of both volant macropters and flightless brachypters; however, host plant nutrition did not affect development time. The body length of both sexes increased when they were raised on nutritionally superior hosts, but the nutritional effect on body size was greater for females than males. Body length exhibited a significant crowding x plant nutrition interaction; crowding had a greater reducing effect on body length if planthoppers were raised on marginal-quality hosts than on nutritionally superior hosts. These findings are discussed in the context of the performance, population dynamics, and migration behavior of P. marginata in its various habitats.\n      </p>", "The paper examines some measures of child nutrition status and factors influencing it in two contrasting regional economies. Feeding and weaning habits, average monthly expenditure on food, and some anthropometric measures by age of children are assessed. Regression of nutrient intake with some key regional variables is made. Measurable factors of child nutrition vary between areas, demonstrating some environmental and spatio-economic relationships.\n      </p>", "The human carrying capacity of the world or a country is considered as a function of food consumption per capita. A method of assessing carrying capacity is described, and it is shown that the world's population currently exceeds the global carrying capacity, that the population of the less-developed countries (LDCs) exceeds their carrying capacity, and that this situation cannot be expected to change more than marginally in the period up to 2050. It is also shown that a major increase in the global consumption of nitrogen fertilizer will be necessary if world crop production per capita is to be maintained at the current inadequate level.\n      </p>", "Early nutrition has recently been shown to have pervasive, downstream effects on adult life-history parameters including lifespan, but the underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood. Damage to biomolecules caused by oxidants, such as free radicals generated during metabolic processes, is widely recognized as a key contributor to somatic degeneration and the rate of ageing. Lipophilic antioxidants (carotenoids, vitamins A and E) are an important component of vertebrate defences against such damage. By using an avian model, we show here that independent of later nutrition, individuals experiencing a short period of low-quality nutrition during the nestling period had a twofold reduction in plasma levels of these antioxidants at adulthood. We found no effects on adult external morphology or sexual attractiveness: in matechoice trials females did not discriminate between adult males that had received standard- or lower-quality diet as neonates. Our results suggest low-quality neonatal nutrition resulted in a long-term impairment in the capacity to assimilate dietary antioxidants, thereby setting up a need to trade off the requirement for antioxidant activity against the need to maintain morphological development and sexual attractiveness. Such state-dependent trade-offs could underpin the link between early nutrition and senescence.\n      </p>", "We report nutrition-growth relations in juvenile Rocky Mountain elk (Cervus elaphus nelsoni) from mid-August through mid-November. Data were generated from 3, 18-day experimental trials in 1993 with 42 calves, and from general feeding and growth data collected in 1991 with 25 calves. Intake of digestible energy was linearly correlated with growth rate and accounted for 53-89% of the variation in calf growth. Maximum daily digestible energy intake and growth rates were 368 kcal/kg $\\text{BM}^{0.75}$ and 0.70 kg/day in late August and early September and 342 kcal/kg $\\text{BM}^{0.75}$ and 0.33 kg/day in mid-November. Intake-specific growth rates declined after late September, suggesting a seasonal influence on growth-intake relations. We developed a deterministic model of growth to compare body mass dynamics over autumn of calves on an optimum diet (i.e., 3.3-2.95 kcal of digestible energy/g of forage) versus calves on diets available to free-ranging elk (2.66-1.86 kcal/g). Model projections indicated a 21% difference in body mass of the 2 groups by mid-December due to the lower concentration of digestible energy in diets of free-ranging calves. Our results confirm the importance of nutrition in late summer and fall for growth of elk calves, suggest a mechanism linking dietary quality during this time to winter survival, and demonstrate the importance of evaluating forage quality for reliable assessment of habitat quality on elk summer and autumn ranges.\n      </p>", "Trade-offs between mortality and reproduction play a central role in theories of life history and of senescence. Yet the fundamental question of how reproduction affects mortality is unresolved. We simultaneously manipulated both egg production and adult food availability in the beetle Callosobruchus maculatus and measured their effects on age-specific mortality. We show that there are two distinct mortality trade-offs of egg production. An early trade-off is observed at ages &lt; 18 d and is conditional on current adult nutrition; it is potentially related to energy exhaustion. The late trade-off is observed after 20 d of age, is progressive, and occurs despite the availability of current adult diet; it is potentially related to senescence. The expression of both mortality trade-offs depends on the interaction of early reproduction and nutritional state at the time of reproduction. Food availability at the time of high egg production completely mitigates the early mortality trade-off and lowers the late mortality trade-off by @?12%. Most mechanistic explanations for the trade-off between egg production and survival have assumed that eggs compete for the allocation of nutrients that are necessary for survival. However, experiments typically alter only egg production or nutrition, and cannot distinguish between nutrient allocation and alternative mechanisms where some direct, permanent somatic insult results from reproduction. By manipulating both egg production and nutrient availability, we distinguish between these alternatives and unambiguously demonstrate that nutrient allocation can be a mechanism for mortality trade-offs.\n      </p>", "Activities of glutamate dehydrogenase and glutamine synthetase were determined using crude extracts of roots and shoots of mycorrhizal and non-mycorrhizal plants of Trifolium subterraneum L. and Allium cepa L., grown at different levels of fertilizer phosphate. Glutamate dehydrogenase activity was low in all tissues [0.1 to 1.6 \u03bc mol NAD(P)H oxidized min-1 gFW-1 tissue] and there was no consistent effect of mycorrhizal infection or phosphate nutrition on this activity. Glutamine synthetase (GS) activity (assayed by the transferase method) was in the range 1 to 40 \u03bc mol \u03b3-glutamyl hydroxamate produced min-1 gFW-1. In general, activity of this enzyme was low in phosphate-deficient plants and was increased both by mycorrhizal infection and by improved phosphate supply. In T. subterraneum routine assays of GS were done on roots only. The effects of mycorrhizal infection in increasing enzyme activity in roots were similar whether natural soil inoculum (containing a mixture of several mycorrhizal fungi) or inoculum of Glomus mosseae Nichol. &amp; Gerd. was used. Both increased phosphate supply and mycorrhizal infection increased nodulation of clover plants as well as GS activity, so that it was difficult to relate changes in GS activity to the interacting effects of mycorrhizal infection and phosphate nutrition. Onions had low GS activity in uninfected roots, compared with shoots. Again improved phosphate supply resulted in increased enzyme activity in both roots and shoots. However, the patterns of interaction between phosphate supply, P concentration in tissues, mycorrhizal infection and enzyme activity were different in the two tissues. In shoots, as expected, the effects were consistent with an indirect effect of mycorrhizal infection on enzyme activity, via improved P nutrition. In roots there appeared to be a 'fungal effect' superimposed on the 'phosphate effect'. This was investigated by manipulating the amount of fungal tissue in mycorrhizal roots via differences in propagule density of G. mosseae in soil. Results were again consistent with the hypothesis that the mycorrhizal fungi contributed GS activity to the symbiotic root system. Fungal structures were separated from roots following digestion in cellulase and pectinase. GS activity was high in fungal tissue from young roots (29 to 31 d), but low in older infections (55 d). The high activity could not have been caused by contamination of fungal tissue by root cells. The digestion technique reduced GS activity in uninfected and infected root segments, so that results obtained with separated fungi are not quantitatively comparable with those obtained from extracts of fresh tissues. We conclude that vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi are able to assimilate ammonium via GS. This ability would be important in increased uptake of nitrogen which is an inevitable prerequisite for increased growth following relief of phosphate stress. It is also consistent with the recent findings by others that hyphae of G. mosseae can absorb and translocate 15NH+ 4.\n      </p>", "Pre-harvest sprouting in maturing seeds of Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench is a major problem in the cultivation of this crop plant. The influence of potassium nutrition on germinability, abscisic acid (ABA) content and embryo ABA sensitivity in its developing seeds was investigated. Plants were grown in sand culture under three different potassium treatments: K1 (control), K2 (one third of the control potassium supply), and K3 (one ninth of the control potassium supply). Reduced potassium increased the germinability of developing seeds during the late stages of maturation (31 and 36 days after pollination, DAP), particularly in K2 grains. These changes in seed germinability were paralleled by a reduced ABA content in the seed and by a lower embryonic sensitivity to ABA. The ABA content of K2 intact grains peaked at 25 DAP and then decreased sharply, being 30-50% lower than that in the controls at 31 and 36 DAP. ABA content in the control gains peaked later in the developmental period (at 31 DAP). By contrast K3 grains had a remarkably constant ABA content during most of the developmental period (20-36 DAP). Sensitivity to ABA was markedly reduced in the embryos from both the low potassium treatments, particularly when tested at an ABA concentration of 5 \u03bcM. The data indicate that potassium supply influences germinability, ABA concentrations and embryo ABA sensitivity in developing seeds in this species.\n      </p>", "Seedings of Betula pendula L. were grown aseptically in the non-mycorrhizal condition and in association with the mycorrhizal fungi Hebeloma crustuliniforme (Bull. ex St. Am.) Qu\u00e9l Amanita muscaria (L. ex Fr.) Hooker or Paxillus involutus (Batsch) Fr. They were supplied with the amino-acid L-alanine, or with peptides of between 2 and 6 alanine units, as sole nitrogen (N) sources. The ability of the different categories of plants to use these N sources was measured in terms of dry weight yield and nitrogen content of roots and shoots. While non-mycorrhizal plants were unable to use any of these compounds as N sources, mycorrhizal infection provided the plants with some access to all of the N sources. The fungi differed, however, in the extent to which they mobilized the nitrogen, H. crustuliniforme being generally a more effective symbiont than A. muscaria which was, in turn, more effective than P. involutus. The yields and N contents of infected plants were normally higher on the peptides than on the amino acid, and in the two most effective fungi, the highest yield and nitrogen content were obtained in the treatments containing the largest peptide units. The physiological and ecological significance of these observations is discussed with particular attention being given to the role of mycorrhizas in the nitrogen nutrition of plants in natural ecosystems.\n      </p>", "Preference for nectar amino acids varies between different groups of pollinators. Females of several butterfly species have shown a clear preference for nectar mimics containing amino acids over nectar void of amino acids. This investigation examined how larval conditions affect nectar amino acid preferences of butterflies. Larvae of Araschnia levana were raised on low and high food quality diets. Female butterflies raised on the low quality larval diet were smaller and showed a significant preference for the nectar mimic with amino acids, whereas females raised on the high quality diet were larger and showed no preference. Larval food quality did not affect male mass, and male butterflies were indifferent to nectar amino acids. Consequently, female butterflies may compensate for poor larval nutrition by selectively feeding on nectar containing amino acids. These results demonstrate the nutritional plasticity of holometabolous insects and the potential evolutionary significance of nectar amino acids for both plants and their pollinators.\n      </p>", "A procedure is developed to estimate the nutritional implications of alternative commodity priorities in agricultural research and policy. The model estimates the distribution of supply increases among consumer groups, the related adjustments in total food consumption, and implications for calorie and protein nutrition. Findings from an empirical application of the model to the population of Cali, Colombia, suggest that relative increase in total nutrient supply is a poor indicator of relative nutritional impact because both nutritional waste and consumer adjustment in total food consumption are a function of the commodity from which the additional nutrients are obtained.\n      </p>", "The authors conduct a field experiment to investigate whether fears regarding the misleading effects of implied health claims, especially in educationally disadvantaged populations, are well founded. Results show that, regardless of educational attainment, consumers seem capable of evaluating the nutrition facts panel, even in the presence of a contradictory implied health claim.\n      </p>", "Born on a Kansas farm in 1879 and a graduate of the University of Kansas at Lawrence, E. V. McCollum discovered vitamins A and D and laid the foundations for most of the fundamental techniques and issues in nutrition which concern us today. These include (1) the use of small animals in nutrition research, (2) issues related to enrichment of bread and other foods, and (3) nutrition education and dietary advice to the public. This essay summarizes some major contributions of a foremost scientist and relates them to modern developments in the field of nutrition.\n      </p>", "       setTimeout(function(){\n                    var a=document.createElement(\"script\");\n                    var b=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];\n                    a.src=document.location.protocol+\"//dnn506yrbagrg.cloudfront.net/pages/scripts/0010/4927.js\";\n                    a.async=true;a.type=\"text/javascript\";b.parentNode.insertBefore(a,b)\n                }, 1);\n            </script><script type=\"text/javascript\">\n                \n                  var _gaq = _gaq || [];\n                  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-20266811-1']);\n                  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);\n                \n                  (function() {\n                    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;\n                    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';\n                    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);\n                  })();\n\n            </script><div id=\"SCData\" data-pagename=\"front door\" class=\"hide\"/><script src=\"/discover/application/resources/js/jstor-site-catalyst-tracking.js\" type=\"text/javascript\"> </script></body></html", "Plants of Lactuca sativa L cv Romana were inoculated with two vesicular-arbuscular (VA) mycorrhizal fungi, Glomus mosseae (Nicol and Gerd) Gerd &amp; Trappe and Glomus fasciculatum (Thaxter sensu Gerd.) Gerd and Trappe, or provided with phosphorus. These three treatments plus a control were supplemented with 3.0 mM nitrogen as nitrate or ammonium in 1 of 5 NO3 -/NH4 + ratios Leaf and root weights, N, P, K, Ca and Mg absorption, as well as the percentage of root length colonized, were evaluated Physiological parameters such as leaf area, photosynthetic rate, glutamine synthetase (EC 6 3.1 2) and nitrate reductase (EC 1.6.6 1) activity and leaf proline accumulation were also determined. Mycorrhizal lettuce and P-fertilized plants derived significantly more benefit from N fertilization regardless of the N-source than did controls. Ammonium was a better N-source for non-mycorrhizal plants and nitrate for mycorrhizal plants P-fertilized lettuce reached maximum growth when N was supplied as 50% NO3 -/50% NH4 + so that mycorrhizal status particularly affected the plant response to the form of N provided Growth of mycorrhizal plants was comparable to non-mycorrhizal P-fertilized plants when N was provided as 100% NH4 + or 25% NO3 -/75% NH4 + When N applications were as 50% NO3 -/50% NH4 + or 75% NO3 -/25% NH4 +, growth of P-fertilized plants was greater than mycorrhizal ones Lettuce colonized by G mosseae grew fastest when fed nitrate only Separation of NO3 - and NH4 + assimilation into shoot and root compartments may account for the differential effects of such ions into symbiotic and non-symbiotic plants Uptake or metabolism of nitrogenous forms was particularly affected in G mosseae-colonized plants, independent of P nutrition P fertilization increased activities of nitrate reductase (NR) by 29% and glutamine synthetase (GS) by 24% compared with activities in control plants. In the case of G fasciculatum-colonized plants, NR and GS were increased 54% and 117%, respectively, over control activities In general, concentration of minerals, except Ca, were increased in mycorrhizal and P-fertilized plants compared with controls Assimilation of CO2 and accumulation of proline were increased in G fasciculatum-colonized lettuce under all N regimes\n      </p>"], "words": {"limited": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "all": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "four": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "per": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "religious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increase": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "feeding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "description": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "quasi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intercellular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "include": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "third": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "garden": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "downstream": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "founded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nectar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mothers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applicable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standards": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contrasting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mediterranean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recruitment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "terms,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assistance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ovarian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiment": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "conduct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "era": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maternal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dry": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "published": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lowers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "family": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcomes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "consumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "type": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "today": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apparent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carrying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sample": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intake": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "science": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trauma": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "believed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "male": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claim": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "compare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "household": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "numbers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "needs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "country": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vesicular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "varies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faulty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "product": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crowding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "types": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "purchase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stress": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "commodity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maintain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "vary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nitrogen": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "birds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roots": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "longitudinal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "late": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "practice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "realize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "susceptibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "l": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "labeling": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constraints": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "female": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "plant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "namely,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "laboratory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mandated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opened": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "content": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "farm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "safety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "romana": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "york": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disadvantaged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "priorities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "length": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "striking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nutritional": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "scene": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affliction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "influencing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nutrition": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "that": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "season": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foliar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "kind": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tree": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "limiting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "youth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patients": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "determined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "have": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "documents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overcoming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "objective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "eggs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "who": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assesses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intentions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tract": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mineral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "average": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "face": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capita": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "typically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labels": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "planning": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "decade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northeast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implementation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "situations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "only": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "postulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "means": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "displayed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "closely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "summary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experiments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reference": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "declines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "sea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fail": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brazil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capacity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farmers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "away": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "label": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "recently": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypothesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ill": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "values,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appeared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dietary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comprehension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pregnancy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amino": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acceptance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "avian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "worker": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "child": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plants": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conception": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "economies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formats": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interconnected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procedure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "it": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "encountered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 31, "prob": 0.0002567192112923328}, "management,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "author": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "surveillance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mycorrhizal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "confronting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conceived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allocation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fruit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 64, "prob": 0.0005300009523454613}, "settimeout": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "researchers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "livestock": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fears": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bivalves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "world": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "facts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alternative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "percent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "treatment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "increased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "advocate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "suffering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preference": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sequencing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "acute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diets,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parasite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "security": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "elderly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "ice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minimal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "measures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "host": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exciting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "panel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "embryos": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 51, "prob": 0.00042234450890028943}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "misleading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "act": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "status,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "disclosure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "own": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shoots": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dehydrogenase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "larvae": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "her": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "clinical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "low": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "way": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breeding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyze": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "function": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "jewish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "especially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproductive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "whether": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "official": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "juvenile": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acids": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ad": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "brand,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "life": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "an": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "as": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "credibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genome": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extracts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kansas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regulations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brands": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "women,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faster": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "required": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "daily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nutrient": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}}}