{"total_words": 1461, "documents": ["An analysis was made of errors which can result from regional aggregation in spatial linear programming models. The agricultural sector of Portugal provided the empirical base for the analysis. Programming solutions were obtained first for eleven regions and then for three regions which were aggregates of the eleven regions. It is concluded that significant errors which resulted from this form of aggregation can be reduced or eliminated by intraregional stratification of production activities and resources and a priori specification of intraregional transport cost.\n      </p>", "Many interesting combinatorial problems can be optimized efficiently using recursive computations often termed discrete dynamic programming. In this paper, we develop a paradigm for a general class of such optimizations that yields a polyhedral description for each model in the class. The elementary concept of dynamic programs as shortest path problems in acyclic graphs is generalized to one seeking a least cost solution in a directed hypergraph. Sufficient conditions are then provided for binary integrality of the associated hyperflow problem. Given a polynomially solvable dynamic program, the result is a linear program, in polynomially many variables and constraints, having the solution vectors of the dynamic program as its extreme-point optima. That is, the linear program provides a succinct characterization of the solutions to the underlying optimization problem expressed through an appropriate change of variables. We also discuss projecting this formulation to recover constraints on the original variables and illustrate how some important dynamic programming solvable models fit easily into our paradigm. A classic multiechelon lot sizing problem in production and a host of optimization problems on recursively defined classes of graphs are included.\n      </p>", "eXtreme Programming (XP) is a well-known agile software development method. While a number of reports have been published on explaining the XP methodology and the perceived benefits when using XP for system development in recent years, less is known about the actual operationalization of the XP principles. This paper presents an action research study reporting on the experiences of implementing the XP methodology in a development project for a Web-based, distributed information system. The goal of this research was to increase the understanding of how to effectively operational ize XP techniques so that the system being developed catered to today's fast-paced technological environment by allowing the developers to respond quickly to innovative and changing requirements.Overall, the research indicates that most of the XP principles could be effectively implemented; however, three of the principles required modification (i. e., testing, pair programming, customer collocation). Several benefits resulted from the usage of XP. The rapid prototyping enabled information technology developers and users to clarify system requirements, communicate openly, quickly build rapport, and create an interface that was easy to use and learn. Further, the research found that where the technology was new or foreign to the development team and the user, the XP process was flexible enough to support several iterations of technology and produce prototypes in a timely manner. Pair programming appeared to work effectively and offer value; however, it is not always practically feasible.\n      </p>", "This paper integrates positive and normative approaches to modelling. The normative approach uses assumptions associated with multiple objective programming. The positive approach uses past observa to estimate the weights associated with each objective criteria. The technique encompasses both linear and non-linear objectives such as profit, cost and risk as well as quadratic calibration terms. The proposed methodology minimizes the sum of squared errors about the ideal multiple objective function, that is one that would reproduce observed results, rather than to minimize errors between fitted and observed activity levels. The technique removes the need to rely upon the use of abstract restraints normally applied to mathematical programming methods and provides a more objective means of testing the appropriateness of a model than previously. The technique has many applications in the field of mathematical modelling such as forecasting and analysing changes in decision-making and behaviour.\n      </p>", "This article presents an integer programming approach to a practical problem faced by analysts in the Department for Work and Pensions working with Housing Benefit (HB) data. It shows how, using a simple modification of the set covering problem, the time required to retrieve HB data from the data server can be significantly decreased. Computational comparisons with two alternative, suboptimal approaches are also presented.\n      </p>", "In this review we describe recent developments in linear and integer (linear) programming. For over 50 years Operational Research practitioners have made use of linear optimisation models to aid decision making and over this period the size of problems that can be solved has increased dramatically, the time required to solve problems has decreased substantially and the flexibility of modelling and solving systems has increased steadily. Large models are no longer confined to large computers, and the flexibility of optimisation systems embedded in other decision support tools has made on-line decision making using linear programming a reality (and using integer programming a possibility). The review focuses on recent developments in algorithms, software and applications and investigates some connections between linear optimisation and other technologies.\n      </p>", "This paper is aimed at researchers and practitioners in Operational Research who are interested in the new field of Constraint Programming/Constraint Logic Programming. Due to differing terminology and problem representation they might have found it difficult to access the field. The paper focuses on discrete optimisation problems. The first part lists frequently used terms in Constraint Programming (CP), contrasting them with their counterparts in Mathematical Programming (MP). The second part explains some of the most important concepts and techniques in more detail by comparing the CP and MP implementations of a small example problem, the `Change Problem'. It includes an overview of the respective results. In conclusion a more generalised comparison of CP and MP techniques is given.\n      </p>", "The curse of dimensionality gives rise to prohibitive computational requirements that render infeasible the exact solution of large-scale stochastic control problems. We study an efficient method based on linear programming for approximating solutions to such problems. The approach \"fits\" a linear combination of pre-selected basis functions to the dynamic programming cost-to-go function. We develop error bounds that offer performance guarantees and also guide the selection of both basis functions and \"state-relevance weights\" that influence quality of the approximation. Experimental results in the domain of queueing network control provide empirical support for the methodology.\n      </p>", "Connecticut and other states not in compliance with federal air quality standards are required to implement a motor vehicle inspection program to test vehicles for pollutants-hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide. The problem is to determine the number, size, and locations of stations given constraints on the maximum travel distance from each town to its nearest station and the average waiting time at a station. In this paper we use simulation to find the maximum allowable arrival rates (in vehicles per hour) of stations of different sizes and formulate the station location problem as a set covering model. We generate a range of solutions through sensitivity analysis, varying both the average waiting time and maximum distance constraints. Comparing the current configuration of stations in Connecticut to our integer programming solutions we find that the integer programming approach reduces the objective function by at least $3 million. The current configuration has more stations than the IP solutions but they are not as well distributed.\n      </p>", "New iterative separable programming techniques based on two-segment, piecewise-linear approximations are described for the minimization of convex separable functions over convex sets. These techniques have two advantages over traditional separable programming methods. The first is that they do not require the cumbersome \"fine grid\" approximations employed to achieve high accuracy in the usual separable programming approach. In addition, the new methods yield feasible solutions with objective values guaranteed to be within any specified tolerance of optimality. In computational tests with real-world problems of up to 500 \"nonlinear\" variables the approach has exhibited rapid convergence and yielded very close bounds on the optimal value.\n      </p>", "The Indus valley civilization, also known as the Harappan civilization flourished from 2600 B.C. to 1750 B.C. in the Indian subcontinent. The writings of that civilization are in a pictorial type of script which has not been deciphered so far. There are over 2900 short inscriptions of an average length of 5 signs but some texts are as long as 10 signs or ever longer. The question is whether the unusually long texts are really long texts or made up of more than one text put one next to the other. A new approach is presented here using a dynamic programming model with the aid of the computer. Many unusually long inscriptions are tested and found to be combinations of more than one short text.\n      </p>", "This note is a contribution to the on-going debate about the merits and demerits of goal programming. We concentrate on the special case of integer goal programming. Examples show that the approach is questionable, especially if used in connection with a standard branch-and-bound-based solution technique.\n      </p>", "Successive Linear Programming (SLP), which is also known as the Method of Approximation Programming, solves nonlinear optimization problems via a sequence of linear programs. This paper reports on promising computational results with SLP that contrast with the poor performance indicated by previously published comparative tests. The paper provides a detailed description of an efficient, reliable SLP algorithm along with a convergence theorem for linearly constrained problems and extensive computational results. It also discusses several alternative strategies for implementing SLP. The computational results show that SLP compares favorably with the Generalized Reduced Gradient Code GRG2 and with MINOS/GRG. It appears that SLP will be most successful when applied to large problems with low degrees of freedom.\n      </p>", "This paper describes how the creative arts can provide an alternative approach to computer programming that may benefit students in the humanities in general. It focuses on creative arts projects using text, graphics and music that allow students to encounter the same programming concepts from a number of different perspectives. It also discusses the importance of symbolic programming for the arts and how the creative arts can provide a particularly rich environment for developing approaches to object-oriented programming.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a simplex-based solution procedure for the multiple objective linear fractional programming problem. By (1) departing slightly from the traditional notion of efficiency and (2) augmenting the feasible region as in goal programming, the solution procedure solves for all weakly efficient vertices of the augmented feasible region. The article discusses the difficulties that must be addressed in multiple objective linear fractional programming and motivates the solution algorithm that is developed.\n      </p>", "Constraint Programming (CP) has been successful in a number of combinatorial search and discrete optimisation problems. Yet other more traditional approaches, such as Integer Programming (IP), can still give a better performance on the same problem types. Central to IP's success is its reliance on a fast Linear Programming (LP) solver providing solutions during the search to the corresponding relaxed problems. These solutions are used to guide the search within IP as well as a means of detecting infeasibility and integrality. This paper shows that there is scope also to include LP within the CP framework, in order to similarly guide the CP search. The problems examined here are one for which CP on its own had proved markedly inferior to IP. Hence a hybrid solver based on the CP search and using an LP solver is configured and run on these problems. The outcome shows that using the LP solver within the CP search is a valuable addition to the available search strategies. An improved performance over the CP-only strategies is obtained and, further, comparable results are obtained to those from IP. Overall, CP + LP can be considered as a more robust approach than either CP or IP on their own on a variety of combinatorial search problems.\n      </p>", "This paper reports on the application of stochastic programming with recourse to strategic planning decisions regarding resource acquisition. A resource directed decomposition method, which simultaneously exploits stochastic programming and mixed integer programming model structures, is proposed. Computational experience with the method applied to fuel contract and plant construction decisions faced by an electric utility is presented.\n      </p>", "Decentralized planning has long been recognized as an important decision making problem. Many approaches based on the concepts of large-scale system decomposition have generally lacked the ability to model the type of truly independent subsystems which often exist in practice. Multilevel programming models partition control over decision variables among ordered levels within a hierarchical planning structure. A planner at one level of the hierarchy may have his objective function and set of feasible decisions determined, in part, by other levels. However, his control instruments may allow him to influence the policies at other levels and thereby improve his own objective function. This paper examines the special case of the two-level linear programming problem. Geometric characterizations and algorithms are presented with some examples. The goal is to demonstrate the tractability of such problems and motivate a wider interest in their study.\n      </p>", "When a linear programming problem is found to have no feasible solution, the model-builder generally has no tools for systematically determining why the infeasibility exists and what might be done to eliminate it. The assumption is made, at least implicitly, that if the model has no feasible solution, it is wrong in some fundamental way and must be corrected before it can be of use to the model-builder. In fact, the model may be quite correct as it stands, in the sense that it captures exactly what the model-builder meant for it to capture. When this is the case, discovering the absence of a feasible solution can be useful to the model-builder, and correspondingly, tools for exploring the nature of the infeasiblity can be quite valuable. The purpose of this paper is to develop a set of methods for doing post-infeasibility analysis on linear programming problems. The methods are designed to identify constraints that might be \"relaxed\" to attain feasibility and estimate the magnitudes of the required changes.\n      </p>", "This Note points out a minor error in a technique developed by Soyster and Lev [1] for determining if a linear goal can be substituted for a fractional goal in a goal programming problem. A revised formulation is provided.\n      </p>", "Selecting the music that our ensembles perform is one of the most important things that we do as ensemble conductors. Successful concert programs emerge from the conductor's programming philosophy and pedagogical vision, but a concert program serves as just one link in the long chain of each student's developing musicianship. The task of choosing repertoire forces a conductor to make decisions based on the present situation while looking ahead to the future. The quality of the performances our ensembles give depends in large part on how the repertoire we select is sequenced.\n      </p>", "Machine learning methods are powerful tools for data mining with large noisy databases and give researchers the opportunity to gain new insights into consumer behavior and to improve the performance of marketing operations. To model consumer responses to direct marketing, this study proposes Bayesian networks learned by evolutionary programming. Using a large direct marketing data set, we tested the endogeneity bias in the recency, frequency, monetary value (RFM) variables using the control function approach; compared the results of Bayesian networks with those of neural networks, classification and regression tree (CART), and latent class regression; and applied a tenfold cross-validation. The results suggest that Bayesian networks have distinct advantages over the other methods in accuracy of prediction, transparency of procedures, interpretability of results, and explanatory insight. Our findings lend strong support to Bayesian networks as a robust tool for modeling consumer response and other marketing problems and for assisting management decision making.\n      </p>", "This paper focuses on the mixed binary preferences decision problem associated with the use of penalty functions in goal programming. In this sense, a new formulation approach for interval goal programming is derived, which is more efficient than the model of Jones and Tamiz. In addition, to enhance the usefulness of the proposed model, binary variables subject to the environmental constraints are added. This leads to the model of binary interval goal programming. Finally, examples to illustrate these models are given.\n      </p>", "It is estimated that more people in the world are busy sowing methodologies of mathematical programming than reaping the fruits that these might bear. This paper investigates the fruits; it is looking up from the black soil of practice to the pure air of theory. If mathematical programming may be compared to a pyramid, it turns out that the pyramid is positioned upside-down, a paradoxical position found to correspond with nature. First results and research plans are discussed in two areas: market research and consumer research of mathematical programming. Market research considers the applications field of methodologies as a whole: which methodologies can be \"sold\" and in which areas is future demand? Consumer research considers methodologies from the viewpoint of the individual user; he will use benchmarks and other means to evaluate the software products in which the methodologies are incorporated.\n      </p>", "Mathematical programming discriminant analysis models must be normalised to prevent the generation of discriminant functions in which the variable coefficients and the constant term are zero. This normalisation requirement can cause difficulties, and unlike statistical discriminant analysis, variables cannot be selected in a computationally efficient way with mathematical programming discriminant analysis models. Two new integer programming normalisations are proposed in this paper. In the first, binary variables are used to represent the constant term, but with this normalisation functions with a zero constant term cannot be generated and the variable coefficients are not invariant under origin shifts. These limitations are overcome by using integer programming methods to constrain the sum of the absolute values of the variable coefficients to a constant. These new normalisations are extended to allow variable selection with mathematical programming discriminant analysis models. The use of these new applications of integer programming is illustrated using published data.\n      </p>", "Successive Linear Programming (SLP) algorithms solve nonlinear optimization problems via a sequence of linear programs. They have been widely used, particularly in the oil and chemical industries, beginning with their introduction by Griffith and Stewart of Shell Development Company in 1961. Since then, several applications and variants of SLP have appeared, the most recent being the SLPR algorithm described in this journal in 1982 (Palacios-Gomez et al.). SLP procedures are attractive because they are fairly easy to implement if an efficient, flexible LP code is available, can solve nonseparable as well as separable problems, can be applied to as large a problem as the LP code can handle (often thousands of constraints and variables), and have been successful in many practical applications. This paper describes a new SLP algorithm called PSLP (Penalty SLP). PSLP represents a significant strengthening and refinement of the SLPR procedure described in Palacios-Gomez et al. (1982). We give a convergence proof for PSLP-the first SLP convergence proof for nonlinearly constrained problems of general form. This theory is supported by computational performance-in our tests, PSLP is significantly more robust than SLPR, and at least as efficient. A Fortran computer implementation is described. A simplified version of PSLP has already solved several \"real world\" NLP problems at Exxon (Baker and Lasdon 1985), including nonlinear refinery models of up to 1000 rows. As with other SLP algorithms, PSLP is especially efficient on problems which are highly constrained, i.e., which have nearly as many active constraints as there are variables. For problems with vertex optima (at least as many active constraints as variables), it is quadratically convergent. Nonlinear refinery models often have vertex optima, since they are large and mostly linear, and on line process unit optimization problems are likely to possess highly constrained solutions as well. PSLP has great potential for accurate, efficient solution of such problems.\n      </p>", "In teaching linear programming in a classroom the instructor often makes numerical errors, which distract both students and instructor. Inexpensive and portable microcomputers allow real-time and error-free demonstrations of algorithms. One such system solves linear programming problems with up to 20 variables and nine constraints in an interactive conversation with a microcomputer. The continuous transformations of the linear programming tableaus can be viewed as the iterations proceed to find the optimal solution. The program is intended mainly as a teaching aid.\n      </p>", "This note shows that virtually all the multi-objective and goal-programming approaches can be thought of as special cases of a general distance-function model. Although the outcome of this paper cannot be considered completely new, it can, however, help increasing conceptual clarity and precision in future dialogue, showing the actual links between multi-objective programming, goal programming and traditional mathematical programming.\n      </p>", "A practical conceptual framework for sales resource allocation modeling is presented in this paper. A literature review of sales resource allocation models is described in terms of this framework. The conceptual framework also lends itself to several integer programming models which may be used to address the variety of sales resource allocation decisions faced by every sales organization. A general model for sales resource allocation is developed which incorporates multiple sales resources, multiple time periods and carryover effects, non-separability, and risk. Several actual model implementations are discussed which illustrate the practical application of the integer programming models. The model implementations utilize recent advances in integer programming theory which enables sales managers and sales representatives to quickly develop and evaluate alternative sales resource allocation strategies.\n      </p>", "In this paper we study the multiple objective linear programming problem with parametric criteria coefficients. This problem is of interest since in many situations the coefficients of the objective functions of a multiple objective linear program either represent estimates of the true data or are subject to systematic variations. Properties of this problem are developed, and an algorithm for generating the set of all weakly-efficient extreme points of this problem is described. To implement this algorithm, a nonconvex subproblem must be solved for each candidate extreme point encountered. This is accomplished by applying the Generalized Benders Decomposition method. Computational results concerning the solution of these subproblems are presented.\n      </p>", "This study proposes a two-stage stochastic programming model to plan the transportation of vital first-aid commodities to disaster-affected areas during emergency response. A multi-commodity, multi-modal network flow formulation is developed to describe the flow of material over an urban transportation network. Since it is difficult to predict the timing and magnitude of any disaster and its impact on the urban system, resource mobilization is treated in a random manner, and the resource requirements are represented as random variables. Furthermore, uncertainty arising from the vulnerability of the transportation system leads to random arc capacities and supply amounts. Randomness is represented by a finite sample of scenarios for capacity, supply and demand triplet. The two stages are defined with respect to information asymmetry, which discloses uncertainty during the progress of the response. The approach is validated by quantifying the expected value of perfect and stochastic information in problem instances generated out of actual data.\n      </p>", "Successive Linear Programming (SLP) has been used extensively in the refining and petrochemical industries for over 20 years. This paper concentrates on some recent work at Exxon to unify the treatment of nonlinear terms in `mostly linear' models. We first discuss the source of nonlinearities in refining and petrochemical problems and propose a multiplicative formulation for the linearized subproblems to be solved by SLP. We then describe a SLP algorithm which is shown to be related to the concept of trust regions. Finally, we present an example formulation and computational results for a series of large industrial applications.\n      </p>", "In this note we present computational experience with a linear programming code on two Cray super-computers (Cray-1S, Cray X-MP/48). Results are given for problems involving up to 640,000 variables (1600 constraints) and 10,000 constraints (99,969 variables).\n      </p>", "The geometric properties of the sets of efficient and weakly efficient solutions of multiple linear fractional programming problems are investigated. Weakly efficient solutions are path-connected by finitely many linear line segments when the constrained region is compact.\n      </p>", "Growth of microcomputers has led to proliferation of Management Science/Operations Research software. Some linear programming packages running on popular microcomputers are compared and summarized. A directory of software, publishers, and prices is also included.\n      </p>", "We consider the parametric analysis for a linear fractional programming problem with a scalar parameter in the right-hand side of the restrictions. A method we develop determines the optimal value of the objective function as well as the optimal solution of the parametric problem. The method is based on a parametric analysis of a linear auxiliary program. This analysis provides the decision maker with additional parametric information not provided by previous methods.\n      </p>", "A dynamic programming algorithm is proposed for slotting together two ordered sequences in an optimal manner. Computational experience is discussed.\n      </p>", "Some important conceptual problems concerning the application of chance constrained programming (CCP) to risky practical decision problems are discussed by comparing CCP to stochastic programming with recourse (SPR). We expand on Garstka's distinction between mathematical equivalence and economic equivalence showing that much of practical usefulness is lost in the transition between SPR and CCP. By examining the literature on CCP applications we conclude that there is little evidence that CCP is used with the care that is necessary. Finally we conclude that CCP is seriously deficient as a modeling technique and of limited value as a computational device.\n      </p>", "In choosing the best alternative with respect to multiple criteria, one approach is to estimate the criterion weights that influence the preferences of all the alternatives presented. When decision makers are able to make preference judgements based on the alternative as a whole, preference decomposition methods attempt to determine part-worths which represent the contribution of the criterion levels to the overall preference values. For each alternative, the sum of the part-worths estimates its overall preference value. In this work, we use linear goal programming to determine the part-worths of all the criterion levels. Simulation experiments are conducted to compare the performances of linear goal programming and ordinary least squares regression in preference decomposition and to examine the effectiveness of including constraints on the parameters. Our simulated results suggest that the linear goal programming model with constrained parameters has better predictive power.\n      </p>", "The Structured Programming Aid (SPA) is an interactive program generator that allows the user to apply structured programming concepts in the production of Fortran programs that will run `first time'. Originally written by Antonio Rodrigues of Birmingham University for an I.C.L. 1906A mainframe machine, the Structured Programming Aid has now been successfully implemented on an Altos 64k microcomputer, using the CP/M system and twin 8-inch floppy disk drives. A description of the Structured Programming Aid is given, together with the rules for coding in SPA, and example listings.\n      </p>", "In a recent paper, it was suggested that the use of integer goal programming is questionable. No mathematical proof was provided to substantiate such a serious and far-reaching claim; instead, several `counterexamples' were presented in support of the allegations. In this paper, we present a refutation of these allegations, and examine the reasons why such erroneous conclusions might have been reached.\n      </p>", "A goal programming model of the planning process is developed for a large College of Business Administration. In addition to providing the customary budget requirements for goal attainment, concepts related to cost of a constraint, trade-off information, sensitivity profiles, and complete parametric changes are discussed.\n      </p>", "Arising from research in the computer science community, constraint programming is a fairly new technique for solving optimization problems. For those familiar with mathematical programming, a number of language barriers make it difficult to understand the concepts of constraint programming. In this short tutorial on constraint programming, we explain how it relates to familiar mathematical programming concepts and how constraint programming and mathematical programming technologies are complementary. We assume a minimal background in linear and integer programming.\n      </p>", "Column aggregation of 0/1 programming problems is considered. By relaxing the integer requirements in the aggregated problem, an easy problem results, the solution of which can be used to compute bounds on the loss of accuracy in the objective function value. It is shown how these bounds can be improved by identification of valid inequalities and by exploiting primal degeneracy. A small example is given to illustrate the procedure.\n      </p>", "It is often the case that texts on dynamic programming, while giving excellent descriptions of the structure of dynamic optimization problems, fail to give very satisfactory guidance as to how theoretical models may be made operational. This paper uses a simple application to show how it is possible to derive a practical solution to a deterministic dynamic programme. The area of application is the finance of English local authorities.\n      </p>", "Because of the difficulties often experienced in formulating and understanding large-scale models, much current research is directed towards developing systems to support the construction and understanding of management science models. This paper discusses eight different methods for representing linear programming models during the formulation phase. The approaches discussed are matrix generators, block-schematic and algebraic languages, three different kinds of graphical schemes, a database-oriented approach and Structured Modeling. While these eight approaches do not cover the entire spectrum of possible representation schemes, they are representative of past and current approaches to developing interfaces for large-scale linear programming systems. The different model representation schemes are compared using a common example and the transformations that allow one to change from one representation to another are discussed.\n      </p>", "This paper discusses a new class of problem related to mathematical programming but with two separate decision makers in hierarchical relationship, each with his own objective function and control over distinct but interacting variables. The relationship of this problem to agricultural (energy and environmental) policy problems is developed, together with the relationship of this new problem structure to mathematical programming, game theory, control theory, and principal agent theory. Suggested computational approaches are reviewed, along with the solution to two illustrative examples of the use of the technique.\n      </p>", "The subject of this paper is a classification and discussion of algorithms for solution of nonlinear pure integer programming problems. The survey is organized by characterizing the mathematical form of the nonlinear optimization problems addressed by the various algorithms. If any method can be used without changes to solve mixed integer nonlinear programming problems that fact is mentioned in the description of the algorithm. However algorithms which must be applied only to mixed integer problems are not surveyed.\n      </p>", "Farmers on the Central Plateau of Burkina Faso in West Africa cultivate under precarious conditions. Rainfall variability is extremely high in this area and accounts for much of the uncertainty surrounding the farmers' decision-making process. Strategies to cope with these risks are typically dynamic. Sequential decision making is one of the most important ways to cope with risk due to uncertain rainfall. In this paper, a stochastic programming model is presented to describe farmers' sequential decisions in reaction to rainfall. The model describes farmers' strategies of production, consumption, selling, purchasing, and storage from the start of the growing season until one year after the harvest period. This dynamic model better describes farmers' strategies than do static models that are usually applied. This study draws important policy conclusions regarding reorientation of research programs and illustrates how operations research techniques can be usefully applied to study grass root problems in developing countries.\n      </p>", "A general framework for sensitivity analysis of discrete multi-criteria decision problems with or without uncertainty has been developed. The framework results in the need to solve very many mathematical programmes and hence is being implemented using parallel programming techniques. The method is illustrated with reference to a simple decision tree problem.\n      </p>", "This paper shows how an operational method for solving dynamic programs can be used, in some cases, to solve the problem of maximizing a firm's market value. The problem is formulated as a Markov decision problem that can be solved via linear programming. The paper shows how to calculate (or estimate) the state-contingent prices that are used to value the firm. In addition, the paper points out how states can be aggregated to make the solution technique more practical. The paper's final section contains a specific example.\n      </p>", "This article reports the results of a survey about the teaching of computer programming and on-line searching of data bases taught in American Library Association accredited library school programs. The results of the survey show that library science students are acquiring a general knowledge of programming languages and computer application; but few schools require programming languages for specific course work or degrees.\n      </p>", "We give a duality theorem in multiobjective nonlinear programming problems by means of conjugate set-valued functions which were introduced in [2]. The duality theorem is reflexive in the sense analogous to [1].\n      </p>", "Single objective cost minimization linear programming models are used as computerized decision-aids in sausage manufacturing (hot dogs, bologna, salami, etc.). However, sausage blending is clearly a problem with multiple conflicting criteria (cost, color, fat, protein, moisture, etc.) Presented in this paper is a vector-maximum/filtering MOLP (multiple objective linear programming) methodology for use as an improved decision-making approach with single formula sausage blending problems.\n      </p>", "Let F be the infinite-horizon minimal cost function, and Fs K the minimal cost function for horizon s and terminal cost function K. In Section 2 we define the 'stable domain' (the set of K for which F\u221e K=F\u221e 0), determine some of its properties, and relate these to the questions of stability of the process (whether F=F\u221e 0) and whether a given solution of the dynamic programming equation can be identified with F. These ideas are developed in Sections 3 and 5 for various strengthenings and weakenings of the hypothesis of non-negative costs. In Section 5 we derive a new sufficient condition for stability and for characterisation of F.\n      </p>", "A classification problem is presented in which it is desired to assign a new individual or observation with k characteristics to one of two distinct populations based upon historical sets of samples from the two populations. The resulting classification problem is formulated as a mixed-integer programming problem. The solution, which can be obtained through use of a partitioning algorithm based on Benders decomposition, provides a nonparametric classification statistic which minimizes the expected total cost of misclassification. Also, an enumeration algorithm is developed for the special case of k = 2. Monte Carlo studies are reported which compare the results of the enumeration algorithm with Anderson's \"normal\" procedure for different underlying distributions. The performance of the enumeration algorithm is shown to be significantly better than Anderson's normal procedure for distributions with uncorrelated normal populations with unequal covariance matrices and for uncorrelated skewed populations with equal covariances.\n      </p>", "We introduce taboo evolutionary programming, a very efficient global optimization method which combines features of single-point mutation evolutionary programming (SPMEP) and taboo search. As demonstrated by solving 18 benchmark problems, the algorithm is not trapped in local minima and quickly approaches the global minimum. The results are superior to those from SPMEP, fast evolutionary programming and generalized evolutionary programming. The method is easily applicable to real-world problems, and the central idea may be introduced into other algorithms.\n      </p>", "Since mathematical programming's inception in the early 1950s, practitioners have transformed theory into practice, produced an imposing array of technical advances on their own, and applied math programming effectively in countless settings in the public and private sectors. The next 10 years hold the promise of even greater technical development and expansion in the practice of math programming. Three topics bear on the outlook for the 1990s and beyond: the changing demographics of math programming practitioners, model building skills in the math programming community, and computing environments and resources.\n      </p>", "A multistep approach to determining the optimal parameters of an exponential smoothing model was used to forecast emergency medical service (E.M.S.) demand for four counties of South Carolina. Daily emergency and routine (non-emergency) demand data were obtained and forecast statistics generated for each county sampled, using Winters' exponential smoothing model. A goal programme was formulated to combine forecast results for emergency calls with routine call forecasts. The goal programme gave a higher priority to accurate forecasting of emergency demand. The forecast model generated implicitly weights demand by severity and provides a reliable estimate of demand overall. The optimal parameter values for the smoothing model were obtained by minimizing the objective function value of the goal programming problem. The parameter values obtained were used to forecast demand for E.M.S. in the selected counties. The results of the model were compared to those obtained using a multiple linear regression model and a single-objective-based exponential smoothing model for 2 months of data. When compared with two single-objective forecast models, the multiple-objective approach yielded more accurate forecasts and, therefore, was more cost-effective for the planner. The model presents and demonstrates a theoretical approach to improving the accuracy of ambulance demand forecasts. The possible impact of this approach on planning efficiency is discussed.\n      </p>", "Decision environments involve the need to solve problems with varying degrees of uncertainty as well as multiple, potentially conflicting objectives. Chance constraints consider the uncertainty encountered. Codes incorporating chance constraints into a mathematical programming model are not available on a widespread basis owing to the non-linear form of the chance constraints. Therefore, accurate linear approximations would be useful to analyse this class of problems with efficient linear codes. This paper presents an approximation formula for chance constraints which can be used in either the single- or multiple-objective case. The approximation presented will place a bound on the chance constraint at least as tight as the true non-linear form, thus overachieving the chance constraint at the expense of other constraints or objectives.\n      </p>", "This short note revisits an algorithm previously sketched by Mathis and Mathis [SIAM Rev., 37 (1995), pp. 230-234] and used to solve a nonlinear hospital fee optimization problem. An analysis of the problem structure reveals how the Simplex algorithm, viewed under the correct light, can be the driving force behind a successful algorithm for an almost linear problem. This presentation is intended for students who have been exposed to the Simplex method for linear programming and are progressing, via the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions, toward nonlinear optimization.\n      </p>", "In this paper we show that for a finite Markov decision process an average optimal policy can be found by solving only one linear programming problem. Also the relation between the set of feasible solutions of the linear program and the set of stationary policies is analyzed.\n      </p>", "We present an implicit enumeration algorithm for a nonseparable quadratic integer programming problem. We utilize fathoming criteria derived from Lemke's complementary pivot algorithm, and compare the use of pseudo-costs versus generalized penalties as a guide to branching. Computational experience is provided.\n      </p>", "A generalized goal programming model is used to resolve a real-world human resource allocation problem involving allocating teachers to 22 private schools in St. Louis, Missouri. The model provides a solution that balances cost minimization with preference goals of the teachers, administrators, and schools.\n      </p>", "This paper presents three algorithms for solving linear programming problems in which some or all of the objective function coefficients are specified in terms of intervals. Which algorithm is applicable depends upon (a) the number of interval objective function coefficients, (b) the number of nonzero objective function coefficients, and (c) whether or not the feasible region is bounded. The algorithms output all extreme points and unbounded edge directions that are \"multiparametrically optimal\" with respect to the ranges placed on the objective function coefficients. The algorithms are most suitable to linear programs in which the objective function coefficients are deterministic but are likely to vary from time period to time period (as for example in blending problems).\n      </p>", "In constrast to \"ordinary\" sensitivity analysis in linear programming, the tolerance approach considers simultaneous and independent changes in the objective function coefficients and in the right-hand side terms. This approach yields a maximum tolerance percentage such that, as long as selected coefficients or terms are accurate to within that percentage of their estimated values, the same basis is optimal. In particular, if the objective function coefficients are accurate to within the maximum tolerance percentage of their specified values, then the same solution is optimal.\n      </p>", "A branch and bound algorithm is presented which is based on the extension of implicit enumeration techniques to multiobjective zero-one linear programming and which appears to be computationally quite efficient. Domination tests, aiming at identifying paths of the enumeration tree that lead to dominated solutions as high up the tree as possible, are developed. Some computational results are also given.\n      </p>", "This paper introduces the CHAPS (chance-constrained programming system) algorithm, which uses linearization techniques but gives more accurate solutions than earlier, similar methods.\n      </p>", "The paper considers the problems involved in implementing linear programming software on microcomputers and the user requirements for packages on such machines.\n      </p>", "In this note we introduce the k-sum linear programming problem (KLP) which subsumes the classical linear programming problem and the minmax linear programming problem. KLP can be transformed into a linear program with an exponential number of additional constraints and one additional variable. Exploiting the special structure of these additional constraints, we show that KLP can be solved in polynomial time. Two promising simplex-based algorithms are also suggested to solve KLP.\n      </p>", "This article shows how multiobjective programming, compromise programming, and filtering techniques can be used to tackle some problems found in agricultural planning. A real case involving the establishment of workers' cooperatives within an agrarian reform program in Andalusia (Spain) is studied. The underlying problem is to find a compromise between the following objectives: employment, seasonal labor, and business profitability. The multiobjective programming approach is used to find the efficient set among these objectives, and after a filtering procedure, a compromise between the objectives is established based on the compromise programming approach.\n      </p>", "The minimum cost linear programming model used traditionally for feed formulation does not take account of variability of nutrients in feed ingredients. Therefore, it may be that the nutrient requirements of the animal are not adequately met. In this paper, we show how a multiobjective stochastic model that permits confronting the cost of the ration with the probabilities of meeting the nutrient requirements of the animal can enhance the process of animal diet formulation. The model presented here does not require any a priori information from the decision maker, eliciting his preferences through an interactive process. This is the main advantage in relation to other models found in the literature for treating the problem of nutrient variability, which introduce stochastic constraints in the single objective minimum cost model requiring fixing the level of probability desired for each one of the nutrients in advance.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a branch-and-bound algorithm for minimizing the sum of a convex function in x, a convex function in y and a bilinear term in x and y over a closed set. Such an objective function is called biconvex with biconcave functions similarly defined. The feasible region of this model permits joint constraints in x and y to be expressed. The bilinear programming problem becomes a special case of the problem addressed in this paper. We prove that the minimum of a biconcave function over a nonempty compact set occurs at a boundary point of the set and not necessarily an extreme point. The algorithm is proven to converge to a global solution of the nonconvex program. We discuss extensions of the general model and computational experience in solving jointly constrained bilinear programs, for which the algorithm has been implemented.\n      </p>", "Revising tuition charges upward has become a regular annual exercise for many colleges and universities due to cost inflation. These occasions provide opportunities for modifying the structure of charges. One component of structure is the balance between per credit hour and per student types of charges. Another component is the differentiation of charges by program, or other student grouping. A linear programming approach is used here to suggest optimal increases under some broad policy constraints and certain necessary constraints dealing with consistency of the rates.\n      </p>", "This paper looks at connections between the multi-criteria techniques of goal programming, compromise programming, and the reference point method. The utility function structure of each method is examined and interpretation of the techniques in terms of pareto efficiency and the equilibrated nature of the solution is given. Means of ensuring pareto efficiency whilst maintaining as much as possible the equilibrated character are given for a certain class of model. Methods for ensuring conceptual correctness and computational accuracy by reducing reference point models to equivalent goal programmes are given. The findings are illustrated by means of an example.\n      </p>", "The paper shows how the technique of dynamic programming was applied to the problem of determining the optimum mix of widths of steel used to `pack' a transformer coil. The approach enables the designer to specify and vary the number of widths to be incorporated into the design. It transpires that, beyond a relatively small number, the `coverage' obtained is largely independent of the coil diameter.\n      </p>", "A new efficient system of representing the decision-maker's preference structure in solving multicriteria integer programming problems is developed. The problem is solved by an interactive branch-and-bound method that employs the procedure of Zionts and Wallenius (1983) for multicriteria linear programming. The decision-maker's underlying utility function is assumed to be pseudoconcave, and his pairwise comparisons of decision alternatives are used to determine his preference structure in terms of certain convex cones in the objective function space and constraints on the weights on the objectives in the weight space. The two forms of preference structure representation are interrelated, and their underlying theory is developed. The primary objective of a representation scheme is exactness, and, in this respect, it is shown that the constraints on the weights are not adequate for representing nonlinear utility functions. On the other hand, the convex cones exactly represent any quasiconcave utility function and clearly avoid the approximations and inaccuracies in other utility assessment systems. Accordingly, an efficient ordered representation using convex cones is developed. An algorithmic framework for multicriteria integer programming that integrates the representation using convex cones with the branch-and-bound solution procedure is developed. Computational experience with bicriteria problems having up to 80 variables and 40 constraints is presented.\n      </p>", "In this discussion we propose a method for handling soft constraints in situations where the decision-maker can associate a cost function with the `right-hand side' values of these constraints that satisfies the usual economies of scale property of decreasing marginal costs. The method constitutes a natural application of composite concave programming, and seems to be particularly suited for situations where the underlying problem is of the linear/quadratic programming type.\n      </p>", "We consider the multi-armed bandit problem. We show that when the state space is finite the computation of the dynamic allocation indices can be handled by linear programming methods.\n      </p>", "This paper attempts to analyze, using linear programming techniques, production planning of S.A. Silva &amp; Sons, Ltd., the largest processor of coconuts in Sri Lanka. This was the first attempt of its kind to use linear programming in production planning in Sri Lanka. Thus the major objective was to develop a model useful in acquainting the management with linear programming methods, data requirements, and total systems analysis, while demonstrating the usefulness of the model. This study generated several rules of thumb for maximizing profits.\n      </p>", "The fundamental issues facing senior bank management revolve around the structuring of a bank's balance sheet. Since yields can be assigned to each asset category, and costs to each liability category, the profits of the bank can be represented in terms of its balance sheet position. Thus, a bank's financial goal of maximizing returns to shareholders through maximizing profits can be translated into the operational goal of achieving some target end-of-period balance sheet position producing the greatest profits. This paper describes a successful application of linear programming for assisting the management of Central Carolina Bank and Trust Company (CCB) in their financial planning process.\n      </p>", "In this paper a new method for generating the set of efficient extreme-points for the three-objective linear programming problem is presented. This method successfully exploits the fact that vectors that are strictly efficient in associated multi-objective problems of lower dimensions are also efficient in the full multi-objective problem.\n      </p>", "Mathematical-programming formulations can yield faulty answers. Models can be unbounded, infeasible, or optimal with unrealistic answers. I develop techniques for screening mathematical-programming formulations for structural problems pre- and postsolution. The presolution approaches identify problems within single variables and constraints. The postsolution techniques may require model augmentation and rely on theory-based examination of primal and dual solutions. I demonstrate these approaches in the context of linear programming and have computerized them in association with GAMS. They are freely distributed through a web page.\n      </p>", "Most Management Science students have been taught to formulate a linear programming model by writing a set of (row) equations. While this technique is suitable for the vast majority of problems usually encountered in industry, it falls short when an entire company must be modeled. In this article, a methodology for formulating linear programming models is presented which, though not new, has been largely ignored by authors of textbooks and the academic community. The author maintains that this approach could substantially improve interest in and comprehension of mathematical programming and provide a useful supplement to the Management Science curriculum.\n      </p>", "As resources in the Department of Defense shrink, the Naval Aviation Supply Office must reduce the size of its organization, balancing work assignments fairly as it does. Having recently converted to Deming's TQM principles, management assembled an employee involvement group to develop appropriate criteria for assigning work. Our introduction of management science techniques enabled this group to pursue its objectives. Using participative processes throughout, we applied mixed-integer programming to produce a model for repetitive use that all the participants own and understand. We utilized this model several times to mix types of work so that all participating employees received at least, and no more than, their fair shares.\n      </p>", "The isotonic median regression problem arises in statistics. It is known that the isotonic median regression problem, with respect to a complete order, may be solved by a \"Pool Adjacent Violators\" algorithm. In this paper we show that this algorithm is a dual method for solving a linear programming formulation of the problem. The linear programming approach provides additional insight into the algorithm as well as a simple proof of its validity. We also analyze the computational complexity of the algorithm and discuss its significance from the standpoint of linear programming theory.\n      </p>", "Linear programming is normally thought of as an application to be run on large computers, and for many problems that is the case. However, there are many problems of a suitable size to run on microcomputers, and a variety of packages have appeared on the market in the last year or two claiming to solve linear programming problems on popular microcomputers. The paper considers the features to look for in a package and the type of problem to consider for solution on microcomputers.\n      </p>", "This paper illustrates the use of a goal programming model to resolve a trucking terminal site location problem. This is accomplished by allowing consideration of quantifiable personal preferences of the individuals who provide and use the truck terminal's services.\n      </p>", "New dynamic programming methods are developed to solve stochastic control problems with a larger number of state variables than previously possible. These methods apply accurate interpolation to numerical approximation of continuous cost-to-go functions, greatly reducing the number of discrete states that must be evaluated. By efficiently incorporating information on first and second derivatives, the approximation reduces computational effort by several orders of magnitude over traditional methods. Consequently, it is practical to apply dynamic programming to complex stochastic problems with a larger number of state variables than traditionally possible. Results are presented for hypothetical reservoir control problems with up to seven state variables and two random inputs.\n      </p>", "Linear programming (LP) is one of the great successes to emerge from operations research and management science. It is well developed and widely used. LP problems in practice are often based on numerical data that represent rough approximations of quantities that are inherently difficult to estimate. Because of this, most LP-based studies include a postoptimality investigation of how a change in the data changes the solution. Researchers routinely undertake this type of sensitivity analysis (SA), and most commercial packages for solving linear programs include the results of such an analysis as part of the standard output report. SA has shortcomings that run contrary to conventional wisdom. Alternate models address these shortcomings.\n      </p>", "The study of cognitive biases in decision-making has largely arisen within the context of the subjective expected utility school of decision analysis. Many of the behavioural patterns that have been discovered do seem to be relevant to broader areas of multicriteria decision analysis (MCDA). In this paper, we look specifically at the judgemental inputs required in implementing goal programming (GP) models. The potential relevance of some of the known cognitive biases in this context are identified, and their impact studied by means of simulation experiments. It is found, inter alia, that biases due to anchoring and adjustment and to avoidance of sure loss can lead to substantial degradation in the performance of GP algorithms. Suggestions for practice and recommendations for follow-up research are derived from the simulation results.\n      </p>", "The petroleum industry's extensive use of LP-based operations planning models is well known and often cited as a major triumph of applied operations research. However, few people outside of the petroleum industry realize the degree to which mathematical programming concepts and techniques have penetrated all facets of the oil business from strategic planning through process control. Mathematical programming techniques have been developed and applied, decade by decade, from the 1940s to the present and hold even greater potential for the 1990s.\n      </p>", "Linear programming is a fundamental planning tool. It is often difficult to precisely estimate or forecast certain critical data elements of the linear program. In such cases, it is necessary to address the impact of uncertainty during the planning process. We discuss a variety of LP-based models that can be used for planning under uncertainty. In all cases, we begin with a deterministic LP model and show how it can be adapted to include the impact of uncertainty. We present models that range from simple recourse policies to more general two-stage and multistage SLP formulations. We also include a discussion of probabilistic constraints. We illustrate the various models using examples taken from the literature. The examples involve models developed for airline yield management, telecommunications, flood control, and production planning.\n      </p>", "Agway uses chance-constrained programming to formulate commercial feeds for animals. The finished feeds averaged 40 percent greater nutritional consistency and were lower in cost than feeds formulated by traditional linear programming with a margin of safety. Formulating animal feeds by chance-constrained programming saves Agway, Inc. more than $250,000 per year.\n      </p>", "We consider the volumetric barrier for semidefinite programming, or \"generalized\" volumetric barrier, as introduced by Nesterov and Nemirovskii. We extend several fundamental properties of the volumetric barrier for a polyhedral set to the semidefinite case. Our analysis facilitates a simplified proof of self-concordance for the semidefinite volumetric barrier, as well as for the combined volumetric-logarithmic barrier for semidefinite programming. For both of these barriers we obtain self-concordance parameters equal to those previously shown to hold in the polyhedral case.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a method for estimating Lagrange multipliers for generalized Geometric Programming. The Lagrange multipliers of a linearized problem serve as estimates of the generalized Geometric Programming multipliers.\n      </p>", "In probabilistic linear programming models the decision maker is typically assumed to know the probability distribution of the random parameters. Here it is assumed that the distribution functions of the parameters have a specified functional form \u03b8, where \u03b8 is an unknown (real) vector parameter. We suppose that the decision maker has the opportunity of observing a random sample drawn from F(t, \u03b8). For a two-stage stochastic programming with recourse model the deterministic equivalent model is found using a Bayesian approach. Properties are presented for the deterministic equivalents in general and in the special case of the simple recourse model. Expressions for Expected Value of Sample information (EVSI) and Expected Net Gain from Sampling (ENGS) are also derived. In the final sections results are obtained for chance constrained programming models.\n      </p>", "This paper sets out to solve the multi (more than two)-group classification problem, and develops a new linear programming model which simultaneously determines the cut-off values for the different classification functions. Instead of decomposing the content in the multi-group problem to facilitate computation of the cut-off values, this new model aggregates information contained in the multi-group problem which, intuitively, should provide better estimates of the group boundaries. Furthermore, this new model, one existing LP model, and a statistical approach will be tested by using real-life data.\n      </p>", "In this note, an adaptation of PASEB is proposed which can solve multi-objective linear fractional programming problems. PASEB was originally proposed by the author for the solution of multi-objective linear programming problems. The proposed adaptation involves changes to certain computational aspects of PASEB to cope with the presence of fractional objectives in the problem. The changes can be expected to increase the computational requirements of the method and to slow down its speed of convergence, but they do not seriously affect its overall effectiveness.\n      </p>", "The main results on probabilistic analysis of the simplex method and on randomized algorithms for linear programming are reviewed briefly.\n      </p>"], "words": {"all": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "code": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consider": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "illustrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamic": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "results": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "criteria,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technique": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "presents": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "to": {"number": 38, "prob": 0.0003146880654551176}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stochastic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "insights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "alternatives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "balancing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programming,": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "exact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "problems,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "standards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "discrete": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "markov": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zero": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cost": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "estimated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "machines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "universities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "errors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preferences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "giving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fractional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "method": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "exercise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focuses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "desired": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "let": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implicit": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extreme": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "involved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "compliance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "typically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "makes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maker": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decentralized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classification": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "africa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "texts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aimed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "working": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distinct": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "petroleum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "properties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "music": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vehicle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "duality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "site": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connecticut": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "excellent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "normative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "involve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "account": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "f": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "science": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "work": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "can": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "making": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "give": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "process": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "states": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minimum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requirements": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recursive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discussion": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "machine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "criterion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimal": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "constraints": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parameter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ensemble": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minimization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficiently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classroom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "short": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goal": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "algorithms": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "fundamental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cases,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ingredients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolutionary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "office": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structuring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "looks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "probability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "termed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interesting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solving": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "writing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "degrees": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "might": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "propose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduce": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "framework": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "formulating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bank": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "term": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "each": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "upward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formulate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conflicting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "sketched": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "our": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nonlinear": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assignments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "combinatorial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shows": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "colleges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linear": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "barrier": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "slotting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "service": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "programming": {"number": 50, "prob": 0.0004140632440198916}, "feasible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "features": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "render": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variables": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "powerful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "randomized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "practitioners": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "civilization,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structured": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ordered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 46, "prob": 0.00038093818449830025}, "mining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "tool": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "representing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "coefficients": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "steel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defense": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fruits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acquisition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "and": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "questionable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manner": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conjugate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constrained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditionally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proliferation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficient": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "note": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generalized": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "which": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "objective": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "performance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "experienced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "who": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "successive": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "probabilistic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "class": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "points": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "databases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "senior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "random": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "precarious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "solutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "busy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ensembles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parameters": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "situations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "guidance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operational": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "terminal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "his": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "means": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resolve": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "resource": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "median": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sensitivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computer": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "college": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "descriptions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fail": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "best": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interacting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farmers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "federal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forecast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficulties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teaching": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conceptual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "geometric": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "approach": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "variability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implementing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "annual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "s": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adaptation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sequences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "respect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discriminant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "west": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "own": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "location": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modelling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aviation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instructor": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "case": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "multi": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "handling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exponential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "air": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimization": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "error": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "k": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "uncertainty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "it": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "reports": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "in": {"number": 45, "prob": 0.00037265691961790246}, "regression": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "result": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "binary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "things": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "administration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enumeration": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "potentially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virtually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "finite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fairly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "numerical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allocation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "user": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infinite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "weakly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recourse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maximizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "charges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "thought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solve": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "sets": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "model": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "parametric": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "researchers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "proposed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reviewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "alternative": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "integer": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "mix": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 84, "prob": 0.0006956262499534179}, "interested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plateau": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "samples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theorem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "take": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "real": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "around": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emergency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "microcomputers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aggregation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "department": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "inflation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "know": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cognitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nutrients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefit": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "soft": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematical": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "because": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choosing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 24, "prob": 0.00019875035712954797}, "decision": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "creative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "does": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "civilization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "varying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "run": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marketing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "combines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simplex": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "by": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "on": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constraint": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "column": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 62, "prob": 0.0005134384225846656}, "industry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "community,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mixed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discusses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "software": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computational": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "previously": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bound": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "due": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tackle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revisits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methods": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "statistics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assumed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "housing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quadratic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valley": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "function": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "an": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "criteria": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hierarchical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "larger": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "made": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "taught": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organization,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "average": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "required": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiobjective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sales": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "as": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "right": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "formulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modeling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "humanities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "application": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "branch": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pollutants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "briefly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "separate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "problems": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "computerized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "important": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methodologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "algorithm": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "paper,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "normally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vehicles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "together": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}