{"total_words": 1342, "documents": ["The present study prospectively assessed consistency of ratings of health-related quality of life between patients with hepatocellular carcinoma and two types of proxy raters, family caregivers and oncologist care providers. Patients and proxies completed the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Hepatobiliary (FACT-Hep) at baseline prior to treatment (82 patients plus proxies), at 3-months (32 patients plus proxies), and 6-months follow up (16 patients plus proxies) after diagnosis. Patient and proxy demographic data and patient medical data were also collected. At baseline, significant intra-class correlations (ICC) were found for patient-caregiver ratings of physical, social/family, and functional well-being, additional concerns (symptoms, side effects), and overall health related quality of life (HRQL); for patient-care provider ratings of physical well-being; and for caregiver-care provider ratings of physical and emotional well-being. At 3-months follow-up, the most significant number of ICCs were recorded across all three rater pairs. Significant consistencies were found for overall HRQL, and all subscale scores except for social and family well-being. The fewest significant ICCs were found at the 6-month follow-up, and were for patient-caregiver ratings of physical and functional well-being, and additional concerns; and for caregiver-care provider ratings on overall HRQL. These results suggest that family caregivers are adequate proxies of patient physical and functional well-being and additional concerns throughout the patient's illness, more so than oncologist care providers. Further research is warranted with larger samples.\n      </p>", "Proxy assessment of health-related quality of life (HRQL) may be sought to substitute for, or to complement, patient self-assessment. The viewpoint from which the proxy is asked to assess the patient is a subtle yet important aspect of proxy assessment. Proxy assessments can be elicited by asking a proxy to assess the patient as they think the patient would respond (ie, proxy-patient perspective) or for the proxy to provide their own perspective on the patient's HRQL (ie, proxy-proxy perspective). In this article, we introduce a framework for differentiating between and understanding HRQL assessments according to rater viewpoint. The difference between patient self-assessment and the proxy-patient perspective is defined as the inter-rater gap, whereas the difference between the proxy-patient and proxy-proxy perspective is described as the intra-proxy gap. The inter-rater gap represents the difference between patient self-assessed HRQL and the proxy ability to comprehend the patient view. The extent to which the proxy-proxy perspective is informative will depend upon the proxy's ability to provide reinforcing or complementary information, ie, represented by the intra-proxy gap, on the HRQL of the patient. We refer to the framework to emphasize the importance of delineating between proxy perspectives in study design and HRQL measurement and to guide inquiries into the validity and interpretation of the meaningfulness of the proxy HRQL assessments from each viewpoint. Future research and use of proxy raters of HRQL in clinical trials, population health monitoring, resource allocation, and clinical management can be informed by explicit consideration of the suggested framework.\n      </p>", "Proxy data are our only source of knowledge of temperature variability in the period prior to instrumental temperature measurements. Until recently, very few quantitative palaeotemperature records extended back a millennium or more, but the number is now increasing. Here, the first systematic survey is presented, with graphic representations, of most quantitative temperature proxy data records covering the last two millennia that have been published in the peer-reviewed literature. In total, 71 series are presented together with basic essential information on each record. This overview will hopefully assist future palaeoclimatic research by facilitating an orientation among available palaeotemperature records and thus reduce the risk of missing less well-known proxy series. The records show an amplitude between maximum and minimum temperatures during the past two millennia on centennial timescales ranging from c. 0.5 to 4\u00b0C and averaging c. 1.5-2\u00b0C for both high and low latitudes, although these variations are not always occurring synchronous. Both the Medieval Warm Period, the Little Ice Age and the 20th century warming are clearly visible in most records, whereas the Roman Warm Period and the Dark Age Cold Period are less clearly discernible.\n      </p>", "There are measurement difficulties associated with the assessment of health-related quality of life (HRQL) in older people with dementia. The use of proxies is a commonly employed approach to overcome such problems. The research reported in this paper sought to identify, specifically for the EuroQol EQ-5D HRQL instrument, whether construct validity is greater for 'family caregivers' or 'clinicians' as two alternative sources of proxy information for patients with a diagnosis of dementia. This involved the exploration of the strength of the associations between clinical measures of illness severity and EQ-5D data. The data appear to reveal a pattern suggesting that the viewpoint of the proxy (i.e., clinician or family caregiver) is important. The findings suggest that the data provided by clinicians (when compared to data from carers) had higher construct validity for the more observable dimensions of the EQ-5D instrument (i.e., 'mobility' and 'self-care'). Conversely, the data from family carers had higher construct validity for the less observable dimensions (i.e., 'usual activities' and 'anxiety/depression'). Previous research on proxy provision of HRQL data has tended to focus on trying to identify a single proxy. The results of this study suggest that using carefully matched sets of measures and assessment perspectives may produce more valid EQ-5D health state descriptions.\n      </p>", "Background. The economic evaluation of health interventions for older people is complicated by the difficulty in obtaining self-reports of quality of life from persons with cognitive impairments, physical impairments, or both. Objectives. Using the EQ-5D (EuroQoL) measures, to assess: (1) agreement between subjects and proxies on subject's quality of life ratings at different points in time; (2) agreement between subjects and proxies on change of subject's quality of life ratings over time; and (3) subject and proxy characteristics related to agreement. Research Design. Prospective study of subjects visiting hospital emergency departments (ED). Data were collected at enrollment in the ED and at follow-up, 1 and 4 months after the ED visit. Subjects. The study comprised 231 pairs of cognitively intact patients aged 65 years or older and their primary caregivers. Measures. Quality of life was measured using both components of the EQ-5D scale, the index score and the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Demographic characteristics and health status (physical and mental) were measured for both subjects and proxies. Subjects and proxies were interviewed either in English or French. Results. There was low to moderate agreement between subjects and proxies at different points in time (intraclass correlation coefficient [ICC] = 0.22 to 0.59), and between subject and proxy change scores over time (ICC = 0-0.50), on both the index score and the VAS. Better agreement between subjects and proxies was found at the 4 months follow-up, when the subject was less depressed, and when the proxy's native language was English. Conclusions. Proxy EQ-5D responses, either for a specific point in time or for assessing change over time, may not be valid measures of self-reported quality of life among older medically-ill patients.\n      </p>", "Background. The Americans With Disabilities Act defines disability on the basis of physical or mental impairments or external perceptions of impairment. Objectives. The objective of this study was to examine perceptions of disability among people with lower-extremity mobility difficulties. Research Design. This study used a cross-sectional, nationally representative survey, the 1994 to 1995 National Health Interview Survey-Disability (NHIS-D) supplement. Using SAS-callable SUDAAN for all analyses, we produced national population estimates. Subjects. This study included 142,572 noninstitutionalized, civilian residents of the United States who were \u226518 years of age, with 80,423 self-respondents and 49,883 proxy respondents. Measures. We created a 4-level mobility variable using NHIS-D questions about the ability to walk, climb stairs, stand and the use of mobility aids. We examined associations between mobility and answers to 2 questions about self-and external perceptions of disability. Results. The results showed that 3.1% (estimated 5.82 million persons) reported major mobility difficulties, including 3.7% of selfrespondents and 2.7% of those with proxy respondents. Among persons with major mobility problems, 70.8% perceived themselves as disabled, whereas 64.8% thought other people see them as disabled. Also, 80.5% of manual wheelchair users saw themselves as disabled. Proxies were somewhat more likely to perceive disability than self-respondents, although differences were not generally statistically significant. In multivariable regressions, mobility level was the strongest predictor of self-perceived disability, followed by general health status. Conclusions. Mobility problems increase the likelihood that people will see themselves as disabled, but these perceptions are not universal. Although the schematic of wheelchair users has become an international symbol of disability, many people with serious mobility problems do not view themselves as disabled.\n      </p>", "A proxy attribute is an indirect measure of an ultimate decision objective. Keeney and Raiffa (1976) argued that assessing utility functions over proxy attributes requires complex inferences that may exceed the human capacity for consistent judgment, thus biasing utility assessments. This hypothesis was tested in an experimental study of preferences for pollution control alternatives. Each decision maker made two sets of utility assessments: the first regarding outcomes described by the fundamental attributes \"pollution control cost\" and \"pollution related illness\"; the second regarding outcomes described by the fundamental attribute \"pollution control cost\" and the proxy attribute \"pollution emissions level\" (which served as an indirect measure of illness). The subjects displayed a near universal bias to overweight the proxy attribute relative to the prescriptions of expected utility theory. The bias was large, resulting in a substantial loss of expected utility in a simulated policy decision making scenario. To account for this bias, we developed three heuristic models of preferences for proxy attributes: the best guess, worst case, and relative importance models. The results strongly favored the relative importance model, according to which decision makers assess scaling constants by relying on general attitudes regarding the relative importance of different decision objectives rather than on well-articulated preferences for rates of substitution between pairs of attributes.\n      </p>", "I introduce voting by proxy for constructing and operating legislatures, and then compare it to direct representation, plurality, and single transferable vote (STV), which voting by proxy most closely resembles. When each voter uses voting by proxy to select his proxy among given legislators and elections are costless, voting by proxy maximizes the legislature's representation of the voting population. When each voter uses preferential voting by proxy, selecting a proxy during the vote count as well as a proxy in the legislature, and some ancillary rules are followed, I find that voting by proxy dominates STV and offers favorable tradeoffs against plurality. It improves representation and constituent service; eliminates gerrymandering; improves voter turnout; ranks the legislature's representatives by the proxies they hold rather than seniority; creates tighter representative-constituent links that lead to better informed voters, reducing the influence of special interests; and eliminates primary and runoff elections. Extra costs associated with its relative complexity or better representation can be made small.\n      </p>", "This study examines the validity of proxy assessments as substitutes for patient assessments of patient physical and psychosocial health status. Data were obtained from 275 patient-proxy pairs who were enrolled in a national study of Adult Day Health Care. Patients and proxies (informal caregivers such as spouses) were asked to complete the Sickness Impact Profile (SIP) based on the patients health status. Findings showed that patient-generated and proxy-generated physical scores were highly correlated, although proxies rated patients as slightly more impaired than the patient's rated themselves. The correlation between psychosocial scores was not high enough to consider proxy responses as valid substitutes for patient responses. We explored these differences in response by comparing regression equations predicting patient-generated and proxy-generated physical and psychosocial SIP dimension scores. Variance in the patient-generated psychosocial score was explained by physical function, psychological distress, cognitive status and patient age. Proxy-generated psychosocial scores were primarily explained by the caregiver's psychological distress and perceived burden. These findings point out the importance of considering the source of patient health status estimates when interpreting the results of research studies.\n      </p>", "In studies of the effect of cancer treatment in the advanced disease setting, researchers have attempted to avoid missing data for quality of life (QOL) assessments by either substituting proxy for patient assessments from the outset or by interspersing proxy measures when patients are unable to respond. Although poor agreement between patient and proxy assessments has been amply demonstrated in the literature, interest in using proxy measures persists. Completion of the Spitzer QL-Index by a small sample of patients with brain metastases and family member proxies provided data for evaluating the ability to substitute proxy for patient QOL assessments. These data cannot address treatment efficacy due to the modest sample size. Rather, the analyses serve to alert researchers to the important distinction (in a clinical trial setting) between agreement and the use of the proxy as a surrogate. We present several methods for evaluating the accuracy of proxy measures and for identifying other sources of error and bias that may vary with time or with treatment arm. Lin's concordance correlation coefficient suggests that proxies are generally a poor substitute for capturing a patient's perspective of his/her QOL. A longitudinal analysis suggests that the use of proxy rather than patient responses could lead to different conclusions concerning radiation therapy's effect on QOL.\n      </p>", "Objectives. The use of self-report questionnaires for the assessment of health-related quality of life (HRQOL) is increasingly common in clinical research. This method of data collection may be less suitable for patient groups who suffer from cognitive impairment, however, such as patients with brain cancer. In such cases, one can consider employing the patients' significant others as proxy raters of the patients' health-related quality of life. The authors examined the response agreement between patients with brain cancer and their significant others on a health-related quality of life instrument commonly used in cancer clinical trials, the EORTC QLQ-C30, and on a brain cancer-specific questionnaire module, the QLQ-BCM. Methods. The study sample consisted of 103 pairs of patients, with either recently diagnosed or recurrent brain cancer, and their significant others (75% spouses, 22% relatives, and 3% friends). Patients and proxies independently completed the EORTC QLQ-C30 and the QLQ-BCM at three different times. Results. Approximately 60% of the patient and proxy scores were in exact agreement, with more than 90% of scores being within one response category of each other. For most HRQOL dimensions assessed, moderate to good agreement was found. Statistically significant differences in mean scores were noted for several dimensions, with proxies tending to rate the patients as having a lower quality of life than the patients themselves. With the exception of fatigue ratings, this response bias was of a limited magnitude. Less agreement and a more pronounced response bias was observed for the more impaired patients, and particularly for patients exhibiting mental confusion. This finding was confirmed by longitudinal analyses, which indicated lower levels of patient-proxy agreement at follow-up for those patients whose physical or neurologic condition had deteriorated over time. Conclusions. In general, patients and their significant others provide similar ratings of the patients' quality of life. Lower levels of agreement and more biased ratings can be expected among those patients for whom the need for proxies is most salient. It is argued, however, that discrepancies between patient-proxy ratings should not be interpreted, a priori, as evidence of the inaccuracy or biased nature of proxy-generated data. Future studies are needed to examine the relative validity and reliability of patient- versus proxy-generated health-related quality of life scores.\n      </p>", "Proxy respondents have often been used in case-control studies of cancer and pesticides. To evaluate the effect of exposure misclassification, we compared data collected during 1981-1983 from participants interviewed for a case-control study of leukemia and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma with data collected during 1990-1991 from proxy respondents for participants who died or became incompetent since the initial interview (328 self-proxy pairs). As questions increased in detail, agreement percentages decreased. Agreement percentages were highest for demographic and general farming information (averages = 88-90%) and lowest for specific pesticide use (averages = 68-74%). Generally, odds ratios calculated from proxy respondent data were less than those from self-respondent data; however, several exceptions occurred. The findings indicate that pesticide data provided by proxy respondents will not necessarily result in the same estimate of risk and/or lead to the same conclusions as data provided by self-respondents.\n      </p>", "Agreement between self reports and proxy reports of quality of life was examined in a sample of 292 patients with epilepsy and their designated proxies. Patients and proxies completed an 89-item Quality of Life Inventory (QOLIE-89), with the items rephrased for the proxy. Results reveal moderate correlations (product-moment r ranging from 0.29 to 0.56 for 17 multi-item scales) between self reports and proxy reports. Agreement was good for measures of function that are directly observable and relatively poor for more subjective measures. Mean scale scores were significantly different between patients and proxies for only five of 17 multi-item scales. Proxy respondents systematically reported better functioning than did patients in three scales assessing cognitive functioning (all p &lt; 0.001). By contrast, patients reported more positive health perceptions and less seizure distress than proxies. Patient educational attainment correlated inversely with degree of disagreement between patient and proxy reports for six of the 17 QOL scales and for the overall score. In addition, proxy educational attainment correlated positively with agreement for four scales. This study indicates that for group level comparisons, proxy respondents can be substituted for adults with epilepsy having low to moderate seizure frequency. However, for individual level assessments proxies should be used with caution.\n      </p>", "As the use of proxy respondents is sometimes necessary in research involving older or disabled people it is important to assess the impact of this on research results. This study examined the concordance of proxy responses and index responses on questions concerning functional abilities and continence. Index respondents were women aged 65 years and older who were interviewed as part of a larger study of outcomes of fractured neck of femur, at 5 days post surgery. They were asked to nominate a proxy respondent who was interviewed using the same questions within a few days. Responses of proxy and index respondents were compared using percentage agreement and Kappa statistics. On questions regarding functional ability, proxy responses were found to be more reliable for personal care activites than for instrumental activities of daily living. This may be a result of questions concerning instrumental activities being somewhat more ambiguous and open to individual interpretation. Item non-response was low for all questions thus resulting in little missing data for proxy respondents. There was a tendency for more distant relationship and contact to produce better agreement, which is contrary to previous findings. Proxy responses were biased in the direction of an overestimation of functional incapacity and so researchers should be cautious in combining data from proxy and index respondents. Concordance was good for questions concerning urinary and faecal incontinence although non-response was higher than for functional ability questions. Concordance was not as great for more detailed questions concerning the timing and frequency of incontinence as these used graded response options, rather than simple yes/no responses.\n      </p>", "Exposure assessment presents a major challenge for studies evaluating the association between household exposure to electric and magnetic fields and adverse health outcomes, especially the reliance on proxy respondents when study subjects themselves have died. We evaluated the reliability of proxy- and self-reported household appliance exposure. We recruited 92 healthy couples through either random-digit dialing or newspaper advertisements. Trained interviewers administered questionnaires to each member of a couple independently to assess the reliability of proxy-reported household appliance use. Eighty-five couples completed a second interview 2 months later to assess the reliability of self-reported appliance use. Reliability of proxy-reported appliance exposure was good when we inquired about having any exposure to each of the eight indicator appliances during the past year (range of kappa coefficients = 0.63-0.85; median = 0.76) but was lower with increased time to recall or increased detail. Reliability of self respondents reporting 2 months apart was excellent (range of kappa coefficients = 0.75-0.94; median = 0.87) for having any exposure to the eight indicator appliances during the past year, but reliability was again lower with increased detail. When we used self reports at the first interview as the standard, little systematic over- or underreporting occurred for proxy respondents or for self respondents reporting 2 months later. Because this study did not include cases of specific disease, these findings of no systematic differences in reporting do not refer to case or control status. In summary, reliability of self respondents' reports of appliance use is very good for recent time periods and good for broad aspects of exposure in distant time periods. Proxy respondents can provide information regarding broad aspects of appliance exposure in the past year, but detailed aspects of exposure or exposure in more distant time periods is not reliable.\n      </p>", "To evaluate the quality of exposure data provided by proxy respondents, we used a dual interview protocol in a case-control study of subarachnoid hemorrhage. All control subjects and their proxy respondents were interviewed (N = 283 control-proxy pairs), as were the cases who were able to provide their own information and their proxy respondents (N = 68 case-proxy pairs). The reliability of proxy-derived data was excellent for demographic and body habitus measures (kappa or intraclass correlation range = 0.86-0.99), and all aspects of cigarette smoking history (range = 0.79-0.93). Proxy reliability was somewhat lower for questions regarding medications and hormone preparations (range = 0.55-0.88), alcohol consumption (range = 0.52-0.82), and recreational physical activity (range = 0.55-0.67). Proxy reliability varied according to the relationship of the proxy to the index subject. Relative to the index subjects, proxy respondents tended to underreport the presence or level of exposure. For most exposures, odds ratios computed with proxy-derived data were similar in magnitude to odds ratios obtained with index subject data; important bias due to differential nonresponse or differential misclassification was suggested only for questions regarding hormone replacement therapy. Epidemiologic studies that rely on proxy respondents may require more subjects to offset the effect of nondifferential nonresponse and misclassification on the precision of effect estimates.\n      </p>", "Proxy access is the right of shareholders to nominate directors and to have their nominees included in the company's proxy statement. Because proxy access is viewed as dramatically lowering the costs of an election contest, both proponents and opponents of proxy access predict that it will have a significant impact. Contrary to this conventional wisdom, we argue that proxy access will lead to few shareholder nominations, that most of these nominees will be defeated, and that the occasional nominee who may get elected will have little impact. Based on past involvement in shareholder activism, we believe that neither mutual funds nor private pension funds would make significant use of proxy access. Certain large public pension funds have shown a modest interest in activism and may make some nominations. The entities with the greatest interests in activism\u2014hedge funds and union-affiliated funds\u2014would generally not satisfy the ownership and holding period requirements. When compared to traditional proxy contests and to withhold campaigns, proxy access involves significant disadvantages while promising only modest advantages. The cost savings of proxy access compared to traditional contests are overstated because most proxy contest expenses are discretionary campaign expenses or relate to other expense items that are unaffected by the proxy access rule. By contrast, the limitations that come with proxy access are significant: the number of nominees a shareholder can propose is limited; the level of shareholder support required to gain a seat, as a practical matter, is increased; the company retains control over the design of the proxy cards; and the company retains exclusive access to preliminary voting information. When compared to withhold-vote campaigns, proxy access has the advantage that, if it succeeds, it results in the election of a dissident director. But this benefit must be weighed against countervailing factors that reduce the likelihood of success: the higher level of shareholder support required for success, the greater challenge of positive versus negative campaigning, and the vulnerability of the dissident shareholders and their nominees to attacks by the company for lack of qualification or conflicts of interest. Such attacks will resonate especially for nominees by unions and public pension funds and may make it difficult to find qualified nominees. Overall, we believe that proxy access would have some undesirable effects\u2014it would result in some increase in company expenses and may, rarely, increase the leverage of shareholders whose interests conflict with those of shareholders at large\u2014and some desirable effects\u2014it may occasionally lead to the election of nominees to recalcitrant boards, where such nominees may have a modest impact on governance and a marginal impact on company value. None of these effects is likely to be very material, and the net effect is likely to be close to zero.\n      </p>", "Objectives: Research and surveillance activities sometimes require that proxy respondents provide key exposure or outcome information, especially for studies of people with disability (PWD). In this study, we compared the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) responses of index PWD to proxies. Methods: Subjects were selected from nursing home, other assisted living residences, and from several clinic samples of PWD. Each index identified one or more proxy respondents. Computer-assisted interviews used a random order of measures. Proxy reliability was measured by intraclass correlation (ICC) and \u03ba statistics. HRQoL measures tested included the surveillance questions of the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), basic and instrumental activities of daily living (ADLs and IADLs), medical outcomes study short-form 36 and 12 (SF-36 and SF-12). Results: A total of 131 index-proxy sets were completed. In general, agreement and reliability of proxy responses to the PWD tended to be best for relatives, with friends lower, and health care proxies lowest. For example, the ICC for the physical functioning scale of the SF-36 was 0.68 for relatives, 0.51 for friends, and 0.40 for healthcare proxies. There was a tendency for proxies to overestimate impairment and underestimate HRQoL. This pattern was reversed for measures of pain, which proxies consistently underestimated. The pattern among instruments, proxy types, and HRQoL domains was complex, and individual measures vary from these general results. Conclusions: We suggest caution when using proxy respondents for HRQoL, especially those measuring more subjective domains.\n      </p>", "Biodiversity is a key measure of environmental quality in lake ecosystems. Lake biodiversity can be assessed using modern survey data, but typically these data only provide a `snapshot' measure and in most cases it is not possible to reconstruct temporal trends in biodiversity, so that human impacts can be detected. Palaeoecological techniques offer an alternative means of identifying changes in biodiversity over the period of historical records and far beyond, but there are problems associated with this approach. This is because only a select set of organisms leave a trace in the sediment record such that it is not usually possible to make reliable assessments of diversity changes within an entire taxonomic order (e.g. the algae). Moreover these organisms are typically from the lower levels of the trophic hierarchy (i.e. plants and insects). The problems of identifying changes in biodiversity from the palaeolimnological record are addressed with reference to Groby Pool, a shallow, eutrophic, medieval lake in the English Midlands, which has been subjected to eutrophication over the last 150 years. 210Pb and 137Cs-dated sediment cores have been used to estimate short-term alterations in the composition and diversity of three groups of indicators, representing different levels in the trophic cascade, namely diatoms, aquatic pollen and chironomids. By exploring relationships, both between these indicators and with archival macrophyte records, an assessment is made of eutrophication-related changes in overall habitat diversity at the ecosystem level. These data suggest that the lake has undergone considerable nutrient enrichment, resulting in the loss of a diverse, mesotrophic macrophyte flora from at least the turn of the century onwards and its replacement by a few highly competitive species tolerant of high nutrient concentrations. Reductions in macrophyte diversity seem to be reflected palaeoecologically by a decline in the diversity of fossil chironomid assemblages, related to the breakdown of particular host-plant relationships amongst the phytophagic species. However, diatom assemblages generally exhibit the opposite trend, which may be related to increases in macrophyte cover and increasing opportunities for the colonization of diverse epiphyte communities. The different fossil indicators have different limitations and merits, and for this reason a `multi-proxy' approach is essential if meaningful inferences are to be made of changes in lake biodiversity using palaeoecological data.\n      </p>", "Central nervous system (CNS) tumours account for 20% of childhood cancers. Survivors often experience severe physical, neuropsychological and social sequelae of the disease and its treatment. Health status assessment in these individuals is an essential clinical outcome measure, yet little consensus exists regarding the optimum methodology. The influence of proxy respondents (parents, physiotherapists and doctors) and mode of administration (home and clinic) in which assessment is performed has been evaluated in a cohort of 37 survivors of childhood CNS tumours. A health-related quality of life (HRQOL) questionnaire, incorporating the Mark II and III Health Utilities Indices, was completed at home and in clinic by patients and parents. Doctors and physiotherapists completed this questionnaire plus Lansky Play-Performance and Karnofsky Performance scores. No significant differences between raters for single attribute scores occurred either at home or in clinic, although a wide range of agreement (\u03ba = 0.05-1.00, percentage agreement 53-100%) between observers was revealed. Most agreement occurred between parents and patients: this was greatest on home completion (\u03ba = 0.48-1.00, percentage agreement 53-100%). Doctors and physiotherapists agreed less on subjective attributes (emotion, cognition and pain). Better agreement between all observers was demonstrated if responses were classified as normal or abnormal. Inter-observer agreement was greater for the HRQOL questionnaire than for Karnofsky and Lansky scores. Home completion of questionnaires provides a reliable, acceptable and convenient method of assessing health status.\n      </p>", "In competing risks a failure time T and a cause C, one of p possible, are observed. A traditional representation is via a vector ( $T_{1},...,T_{p}$ ) of latent failure times such that T = min( $T_{1},...,T_{p}$ ); C is defined by T = $T_{C}$ in the basic situation of failure from a single cause. There are several results in the literature to the effect that a joint distribution for ( $T_{1},...,T_{p}$ ), in which the $T_{j}$ are independent, can always be constructed to yield any given bivariate distribution for (C, T). For this reason the prevailing wisdom is that independence cannot be assessed from competing risks data, not even with arbitrarily large sample sizes (e.g. Prentice et al., 1978). A result was given by Crowder (1996) which shows that, under certain circumstances, independence can be assessed. The various results will be drawn together and a complete characterization can now be given in terms of independent-risks proxy models.\n      </p>", "The paper by Cox et al. offers an important potential for informing designs of future studies. The rates of missing measurements in the study are much greater than those reported by other investigators. This is not surprising because the nurse assessors were restricted explicitly by the study protocol from collecting required information, had little contact with many of the patients, and some had a poor understanding of the measurement system. Standard multi-attribute system questionnaires, such as the one used in the Cox et al. study, have been designed carefully and require assessments of aspects of health that are not always readily observable (e.g. emotional status). There is an abundance of published evidence, from studies conducted around the world, of acceptable measurement properties for these instruments. However, the published evidence also indicates that measurement properties are compromised with the use of proxy assessors who have little day-to-day knowledge of patients. We conclude that the Cox et al. study results provide evidence that multi-attribute system assessments should be elicited from patients themselves or, failing that, from proxy assessors known to be well-informed about the patients' capacity on all relevant attributes.\n      </p>", "The use of covert video surveillance in the investigation of suspected life-threatening child abuse and Munchausen syndrome by proxy raises important ethical questions. That the recently reported provision of this facility in North Staffordshire was not presented to a Local Research Ethics Committee (LREC) for approval as a research exercise raises important questions about the ethical review of research and practice. The case made for avoiding such review is first set out and then examined. The three main premisses which form the basis of the view that LREC approval is not required are identified and tested in turn. The conclusion is that there is an undeniable element of research involved in the procedure and that the welfare of all those subjected to the surveillance would be best protected by the submission of the protocol to an independent committee for ethical assessment.\n      </p>", "Aims: There are situations in which patient self-reported healthrelated quality of life must be substituted by proxy assessments. Pickard and Knight recently delineated 2 proxy perspectives that may influence the nature of proxy measurements: the \"proxypatient\" (the proxy's assessment from the patient's perspective) and the \"proxy- proxy\" perspective (the proxy's own assessment of the patient). They argued that the \" proxy-patient\" perspective would be \"optimally consistent with the patient's view.\" The purpose of this study was to evaluate these to proxy perspectives in terms of patient-proxy bias and agreement. Methods: The European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire-C30 was administered to 224 cancer patients and their proxies (ie, significant others), who were randomly assigned to 1 of the 2 proxy conditions. Differences in patient-proxy bias and agreement were evaluated using t tests, percentage agreement, and intraclass and Pearson correlation coefficients. Results: Small yet significant amounts of patient-proxy bias were found in both conditions, with patients reporting higher levels of functioning and lower symptoms levels than proxies. However, no significant differences in bias were observed between the conditions. Significantly better agreement on the role and cognitive functioning scales was found in the \" proxy- proxy\" condition, and for the diarrhea scale in the \" proxy-patient\" condition. Conclusions: There is some indication that several of the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer functional scales may perform better when using the \"proxy-proxy\" perspective. However, no compelling evidence was found for clear superiority of either proxy perspective. These results deserve further study, as they are not entirely consistent with the pattern of agreement implied by Pickard and Knight.\n      </p>", "This investigation addressed three questions about misclassification in a case-control study of risk factors for pancreatic cancer in which all exposure data were obtained from proxy respondents. These questions were: (1) To what degree was misclassification dependent on the type of exposure? (2) To what degree did misclassification vary by the type of proxy? (3) What was the magnitude of the effect of proxy misclassification on odds ratios measured across several levels of exposure? To answer these questions, we interviewed 163 control (index) subjects and next-of-kin (proxy) respondent pairs. Each of the controls and their respective proxies reported the control's use of coffee, cigarettes, and alcohol and weekly exposure to beef, milk, bacon, fruits, and vegetables. Nonspouse proxies misclassified exposures more than spouse proxies with the exception of cigarettes. Cigarette use was the most accurately reported exposure, followed by alcohol, coffee, and foods. For nondifferential misclassification between cases and controls, the slope of a dose-response curve was decreased from 6.6% to 100% depending on the exposure and the type of proxy respondent. Investigators conducting studies using proxy respondents need to recognize that misclassification is a function of multiple factors, including both the type of exposures under study and the type of proxies available.\n      </p>", "Background: Proxy-reporting has been proposed as an alternative to self-report of health-related quality of life (HRQoL) for patients with poor cognition. There are 2 possible perspectives from which to complete a proxy-report, answer as the patient would (proxy-patient) or from the proxy's own perspective (proxy-proxy). Most research has not differentiated between perspectives. Agreement between patient and proxy-reports from either perspective has not been investigated using the Euroqol-5D (EQ-5D) among elderly hospital patients undergoing rehabilitation. Objectives: Identify agreement levels between proxy-patient and patient self-report as well as proxy-proxy and patient self-report of the EQ-5D and investigate interaction effects of timing (admission vs. discharge) and basic cognition (intact vs. not intact). Research Design: Repeated measures, inter-rater agreement investigation of clinician proxy-report, and patient self-report incorporating; proxy- patient reports (perspective A) and proxy-proxy reports (perspective B). Subjects: Geriatric rehabilitation patients (n = 272) and their proxies (treating physiotherapists n = 29). Measures: EQ-5D for HRQoL and Mini Mental State Examination for cognition. Results: One hundred fifty (89%) proxy-patient and 130 (98%) proxy-proxy datasets were complete, 51 perspective A and 52 perspective B patients did not have basic cognition intact. Proxypatient assessments had strong agreement with self-report at discharge across all cognition levels (kappa = 0.76- 0.95), but at admission had stronger agreement among patients with better cognition (kappa = 0.70- 0.86) than patients with lower cognition (kappa = 0.47-0.76). At admission and discharge proxy-proxy assessments generally had moderate agreement with self-report among patients with poor cognition on most domains with proxies giving lower scores than patients (kappa = 0.23- 0.81), this is in contrast to proxy-proxy assessments and patients with better cognition (kappa = 0.55-0.95). Conclusions: Clinician (physiotherapist) proxy-reports among this population generally had good agreement with patient self-report though this was affected by proxy perspective, patient cognition, and timing.\n      </p>", "Objectives: An emerging issue in the proxy literature is whether specifying different proxy viewpoints contributes to different health-related quality of life (HRQL) assessments, and if so, how might each perspective be informative in medical decision making. The aims of this study were to determine if informal caregiver assessments of patients with prostate cancer differed when prompted from both the patient perspective (proxy-patient) and their own viewpoint (proxy-proxy), and to identify factors associated with differences in proxy perspectives (ie, the intraproxy gap). Research Design and Methods: Using a cross- sectional design, prostate cancer patients and their informal caregivers were recruited from urology clinics in the Jesse Brown Veterans Affairs Healthcare System in Chicago. Dyads assessed HRQL using the EQ-5D visual analog scale (VAS) and EORTC QLQ-C30. Results: Of 87 dyads, most caregivers were female (83%) and were spouses/partners (58%). Mean difference scores between proxy-patient and proxy-proxy perspectives were statistically significant for QLQ-C30 physical and emotional functioning, and VAS (all P &lt; 0.05), with the proxy-patient perspective closer to patient self-report. Emotional functioning had the largest difference, mean 6.0 (SD 12.8), an effect size = 0.47. Factors weakly correlated with the intraproxy gap included relationship (spouse) and proxy gender for role functioning, and health literacy (limited/ functional) for physical functioning (all P &lt; 0.05, 0.20 &lt; r &lt; 0.35). Conclusions: Meaningful differences between proxy-patient and proxy-proxy perspectives on mental health were consistent with a conceptual framework for understanding proxy perspectives. Prompting different proxy viewpoints on patient health could help clinicians identify patients who may benefit from clinical intervention.\n      </p>", "Background Although parent-proxy reports of health-related quality of life (HRQOL) are only moderately correlated with child reported HRQOL, it remains unknown why these scores differ. The aim of this study was to use a qualitative methodology to examine why parents and children report different levels of HRQOL. Method The sample consisted of 15 parent\u2014child pairs. A think-aloud technique was used where parents and children were given a generic HRQOL instrument (KIDSCREEN) and instructed to share their thoughts with the interviewer. Qualitative analyses were conducted to assess whether parents and children base their answer on different experiences or reasoning, have different response styles, or interpret the items differently. Results There was discordance between parents and children, in terms of rating scale and in terms of the reasoning for their answer. Children tended to have different response styles to parents, where for example, children tended to provide extreme scores (highest or lowest score) and base their response on one single example, more than parents. Parents and children interpreted the meaning of the items very similarly. Discussion This study provides evidence to suggest that discordance among parent-child pairs on KIDSCREEN scores may be as a result of different reasoning and different response styles, rather than interpretation of items. These findings have important implications when parent-proxy reported HRQOL is used to guide clinical/treatment decisions.\n      </p>", "This article assesses the impact of the 1992 SEC reforms that enhanced the ability of shareholders to communicate during a proxy contest. Utilizing a sample of 361 shareholder-sponsored corporate governance issue proposals from 1991 to 1995, the article finds that the mean percentage of total outstanding votes cast in favor of an issue proposal declined significantly postreform. As explanation, the article furnishes evidence that certain sponsors interested in their own private agenda rather than general shareholder welfare exploited more fully the proxy mechanism postreform; controlling for the composition of sponsors, the proxy reforms generated no significant change in the for-vote outcome of issue proposals. The article concludes instead that the reforms resulted in a shift in the composition of issue proposal targets toward companies relatively less vulnerable to such proposals prereform.\n      </p>", "Marketing research surveys often rely on one person to report about the consumption and purchase behavior of other household members. We report the results of an experiment examining how the level of discussion among household members and the wording of a recall question affect the accuracy of reports about the frequency of another household member's behavior. The findings suggest two important implications. First, asking respondents for a count versus an estimate of the behavior affects both the level of reporting for others as well as the accuracy of such reports. Second, screening potential respondents on their level of discussion on a topic with their partner or family member may help reduce reporting errror.\n      </p>", "The dominant processes determining biological structure in lakes at millennial timescales are complex. In this study, we used a multi-proxy approach to determine the relative importance of in-lake versus indirect processes on the Holocene development of an oligotrophic lake in SW Greenland (66.99\u00b0N, 50.97\u00b0W). A \u00b9\u2074C and \u00b2\u00b9\u00b0Pb-dated sediment core covering approximately 8500 years BP was analyzed for organic-inorganic carbon content, pigments, diatoms, chironomids, cladocerans, and stable isotopes (\u03b4\u00b9\u00b3 C, \u03b4\u00b9\u0278O). Relationships among the different proxies and a number of independent controlling variables (Holocene temperature, an isotope-inferred cooling period, and immigration of Betula nana into the catchment) were explored using redundancy analysis (RDA) independent of time. The main ecological trajectories in the lake biota were captured by ordination first axis sample scores (18-32% variance explained). The importance of the arrival of Betula (ca. 6500 years BP) into the catchment was indicated by a series of partial-constrained ordinations, uniquely explaining 12-17% of the variance in chironomids and up to 9% in pigments. Climate influences on lake biota were strongest during a short-lived cooling period (identified by altered stable isotopes) early in the development of the lake when all proxies changed rapidly, although only chironomids had a unique component (8% in a partial-RDA) explained by the cooling event. Holocene climate explained less variance than either catchment changes or biotic relationships. The sediment record at this site indicates the importance of catchment factors for lake development, the complexity of community trends even in relatively simple systems (invertebrates are the top predators in the lake) and the challenges of deriving palaeoclimate inferences from sediment records in low-Arctic freshwater lakes.\n      </p>", "Background: Health-related quality of life (HRQL) is optimally reported from the individual vantage point; consequently, prevalence estimates from the National Health Interview Survey (NHIS) could be misleading, because approximately one third of the information is proxy-provided. Objective: The objective of this study was to discern the degree to which disparities in the crude prevalence of reduced HRQL is explainable by case-mix differences between proxy- and self-reportees. Subjects: We studied the cross-sectional data on 96,091 persons from the 1994-1995 NHIS Supplement on Disability. Research Design: We conducted a study of reduced HRQL expressed as a respondent type indicator (proxy vs. self) adjusting for socioeconomic differences and limitations in function. Measures: We studied reduced HRQL indicated by 1) perception of poor health, 2) perception of disability, 3) 30 or more bed days in the last year, or 4) 20 or more doctor visits in the last year. Results: The crude estimated prevalence of reduced HRQL for proxy reports was approximately half that of self-reports. Although the unadjusted odds ratios (ORs) for proxy- compared with self-reportees ranged from 0.51 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.470-55) to 0.59 (95% CI, 0.55-0.64), case-mix adjustment resulted in a significant directional change for poor health perception, and all adjusted ORs were substantially closer to 1.0 than their unadjusted counterparts. Conclusion: Adjustment for case-mix explained away most of the proxy-/self-report disparity, suggesting that a major component of differences in prevalence between proxy- and self-respondents is case-mix-related. Consequently, compared with excluding proxy reports, inclusion of proxy reports results in relatively less bias when the NHIS-D is applied to obtain prevalence estimates for the indicators studied.\n      </p>", "The morphology, size and characteristics of the pollen of the plant species Antarctic hairgrass (Deschampsia antarctica, Poaceae) and Antarctic pearlwort (Colobanthus quitensis, Caryophyllaceae) are described by scanning electron microscopy and light microscopy. Based on the number of pores the pollen of Colobanthus quitensis is classified as periporate or polypantorate, while that of Deschampsia antarctica is monoporate. Pollen of Vicia faba plants, exposed to enhanced UV-B (10.6 kJ &lt;tex-math&gt;$\\text{m}^{-2}\\ \\text{day}^{-1}\\text{UV}-\\text{B}_{\\text{BE}}$&lt;/tex-math&gt;) in a greenhouse, showed an increased content of UV-B absorbing compounds. There was also an increase of UV-B absorbing compounds in response to exposure to UV-A. By sequential chemical extraction three 'compartments' of UV-B absorbance of pollen can be distinguished: a cytoplasmic fraction consisting of, e.g., flavonoids (acid-methanol extractable), a wall-bound fraction, consisting of, e.g., ferulic acid (NaOH extractable) and aromatic groups in the bioresistant polymer sporopollenin possibly consisting of, e.g., para-coumaric acid monomers (fraction remaining after acetolysis). The sporopollenin fraction in the pollen of Helleborus foetidus showed considerable UV-B absorbance (280-320 nm). There is evidence that enhanced solar UV-B induces increased UV-B absorbance (of sporopollenin) in pollen and spores of mosses, which may be preserved in the fossil record. As there are no instrumental records of solar UV-B in the Antarctic before 1970 and no instrumental records of stratospheric ozone over the Antarctic before 1957, the use of UV-B absorbing polyphenolics in pollen (and spores) as bio-indicator, or proxy of solar UV-B, may allow reconstruction of pre-ozone hole and subrecent UV-B and stratospheric ozone levels. Pollen and spores from herbarium specimens and from frozen moss banks (about 5000-10 000 years old) in the Antarctic may, therefore, represent a valuable archive of historical UV-B levels.\n      </p>", "This study examines whether the proxy-effect hypothesis can adequately explain the negative relationship between stock returns and expected inflation for the four Pacific Basin countries\u2014Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea, and Taiwan. The extent to which inflation rate proxies expected economic activity and inflation variability in the stock return-inflation relationship is investigated. Both monthly and quarterly data are employed in this study. We find that negative and statistically significant relationship between stock returns and inflation rate still persists for these four countries even after the effects of expected economic activity and inflation variability have been explicitly incorporated. Therefore, the findings of this study do not support the proxy-effect hypothesis for the four Pacific Basin countries. Furthermore, these results are consistent with those of other studies that have also rejected the proxy-effect hypothesis for major industrialized countries.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the influence of geographical proximity on mutual fund proxy voting decisions. Using mutual fund proxy voting data for the sample period July 1, 2003 to June 30, 2004, we find that fund managers vote more in favor of management of locally headquartered firms. The results are strong for proposals related to executive compensation, anti-takeover provisions, social and political issues. We provide evidence to show that bias in proxy voting is not being driven by informational advantage; voting bias is prevalent in small as well as large size companies. Additionally, the voting pattern suggests that geographical proximity does not facilitate in better corporate monitoring as revealed in their voting decisions. We find that local fund managers vote more favorably in those proposals which do not increase shareholders' wealth and rights. Our results suggest that familiarity and social interaction between fund managers and firm executives located in the same geographic area might explain the local bias in mutual fund proxy voting behavior.\n      </p>", "Surveys in marketing often ask one member of a household what other members think of a new product idea or what their preferences are in terms of existing products and brands. The authors investigate the strategies proxy-reporters use to answer such questions and how close they come to what the target respondents themselves answer. They find that as the extent to which a couple talks to each other or participates in an activity together increases, proxy-reporters tend to use more specific information about the target respondent, and the convergence between self- and proxy-reports tends to increase. Furthermore, as the extent of participation/discussion increases, the strategies used to arrive at self- and proxy-reports become more similar. Implications for improving the quality and cost-effectiveness of survey research are discussed.\n      </p>", "It is unusual for the precise price data required by economic theory to be available, and as a result, many applied studies use information on regional or average prices as proxies for the specific prices required. The use of one price as a proxy for another, however, introduces all the problems associated with the use of proxy variables into the analysis; and these problems may persist, particularly those associated with specification errors, even if the proxy is highly correlated with the true variable. It is possible, however, to minimize the impact of specification errors by adding additional variables.\n      </p>", "Aim: In this study, we evaluate the importance of the mean earlywood vessel size of oaks as a potential proxy for climate in mesic areas. Location: The study was conducted in Switzerland at three forest sites dominated by oak (Quercus petraea and Q. pubescens). The three sites were in different climatic zones, varying mainly in terms of precipitation regime. Methods: Three 50-year-long site chronologies of mean earlywood vessel size and tree-ring widths were obtained at each site and related to monthly meteorological records in order to identify the main variables controlling growth. The responses of mean vessel size to climate were compared with those of the width variables to evaluate the potential climatic information recorded by the earlywood vessels. Results: The results show that the mean vessel size has a different and stronger response to climate than ring-width variables, although its common signal and year-to-year variability are lower. This response is better in particular at mesic sites, where it is linked to precipitation during spring, i.e. at the time of vessel formation, and is probably related to the occurrence of only a few processes controlling vessel growth, whereas radial increment is controlled by multiple and varying factors. Main conclusions: The mean earlywood vessel size of oak appears to be a promising proxy for future climate reconstructions of mesic sites, where radial growth is not controlled by a single limiting factor.\n      </p>", "This article examines the information content and consequences of third-party voting advice that arrives as news at an interim stage in corporate proxy contests. We first document significant stock returns around announcements of proxy vote recommendations. We then develop a multi-equation empirical procedure for disentangling the price impact of prediction effects (changes in contest outcome probabilities) from the price impact of certification effects (changes in outcome-contingent valuations). Both effects are present in the data: Voting advice is both predictive about contest outcomes and informative about the ability of dissidents to add value. Consequently, proxy advice plays a dual informational role.\n      </p>", "Purpose To validate two health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measures, the PedsQL Generic Core and Cancer Module adolescent forms (13-18 years), after modification for 16-25-year-old adolescents and young adults (AYA) with cancer or a blood disorder. Methods AYA patients and nominated proxies were recruited from three Sydney hospitals. Modified forms were administered by telephone or in clinics/wards. Analyses included correlations, factor analysis, and analysis of variance of known-groups (defined by the Memorial Symptom Assessment Scale). Results Eighty-eight patients and 79 proxies completed questionnaires. Factor structures consistent with those of the unmodified forms confirmed construct validity. Cronbach's alpha ranged 0.81-0.98. Inter-scale correlations were as hypothesized, confirming discriminant validity. Statistically significant differences between groups with mild, moderate, and severe symptoms (P &lt; 0.05) confirmed clinical validity. Conclusion These modified forms provide reliable and valid measures of HRQOL in AYA with cancer or a blood disorder, suitable for clinical trials, research, and practice.\n      </p>", "The destruction wrought by North Atlantic hurricanes in 2004 and 2005 dramatically emphasizes the need for better understanding of tropical cyclone activity apart from the records provided by meteorological data and historical documentation. We present a 220year record of oxygen isotope values of \u03b1-cellulose in longleaf pine tree rings that preserves anomalously low isotope values in the latewood portion of the ring in years corresponding with known 19th and 20th century landfalling/near-coastal tropical storms and hurricanes. Our results suggest the potential for a tree-ring oxygen isotope proxy record of tropical cyclone occurrence extending back many centuries based on remnant pine wood from protected areas in the southeastern U.S.\n      </p>", "Isolated spikes of anomalously high concentrations of N\u2082O have been reported at depths in Greenland and Antarctic ice cores corresponding to narrow time intervals over the past \u2248105 years. Now, using a calibrated spectrofluorimeter to map protein-bound Trp, a proxy for microbes, versus depth in the 3,053-m GISP2 ice core, we find six depths at which localized spikes of high cell concentrations coincide with N\u2082O spikes. We show that the excess gases are consistent with accumulation of in situ metabolic wastes during residence times of the excess microbes in the ice. Because of sparseness of N\u2082O measurements and our spectrofluorimetry versus depth, the total number of microbially produced N\u2082O spikes in GISP2 is probably much larger than six. Spikes of excess methanogens coincident with CH\u2084 spikes are found at three depths in the bottom 3% of GISP2, most likely because of methanogenic metabolism in the underlying silty ice, followed by turbulent flow of the lowest \u224890 m of ice. The apparent rates of in situ production of N\u2082O and CH\u2084 spikes by metabolism are observed to be consistent with a single activation energy, U, and maintain proportionality to exp(-U/RT) over the entire temperature range down to -40\u00b0C. Fluorescence of nonmicrobial aerosols in GISP2 ice is distinguishable from microbial fluorescence by its different emission spectra. Our spectrofluorimetric scans throughout the GISP2 ice core lead us to conclude that both microbes and nonmicrobial aerosols are deposited in discontinuous bursts, which may provide a tool for studying wind storms in the distant past.\n      </p>", "Objective The objective of the present study is to describe the item response theory (IRT) analysis of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Patient Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS\u00ae) pediatric parent proxy-report item banks and the measurement properties of the new PROMIS\u00ae Parent Proxy Report Scales for ages 8\u201317 years. Methods Parent proxy-report items were written to parallel the pediatric self-report items. Test forms containing the items were completed by 1,548 parent\u2014child pairs. CCFA and IRT analyses of scale dimensionality and item local dependence, and IRT analyses of differential item functioning were conducted. Results Parent proxy-report item banks were developed and IRT parameters are provided. The recommended unidimensional short forms for the PROMIS\u00ae Parent Proxy Report Scales are item sets that are subsets of the pediatric self-report short forms, setting aside items for which parent responses exhibit local dependence. Parent proxy-report demonstrated moderate to low agreement with pediatric self-report. Conclusions The study provides initial calibrations of the PROMIS\u00ae parent proxy-report item banks and the creation of the PROMIS\u00ae Parent Proxy-Report Scales. It is anticipated that these new scales will have application for pediatric populations in which pediatric self-report is not feasible.\n      </p>", "This study evaluates the agreement between child and parent reports on children's health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in a representative sample of 1,105 Dutch children (age 8-11 years old). Both children and their parents completed a 56 item questionnaire (TACQOL). The questionnaire contains seven eight-item scales: physical complaints, motor functioning, autonomy, cognitive functioning, social functioning, positive emotions and negative emotions. The Pearson correlations between the child and parent reports were between 0.44 and 0.61 (p &lt; 0.001). The intraclass correlations were between 0.39 and 0.62. On average, the children reported a significantly lower HRQoL than their parents on the physical complaints, motor functioning, autonomy, cognitive functioning and positive emotions scales (paired t-test: p &lt; 0.05). Agreement on all of the scales was related to the magnitude of the HRQoL scores and to some background variables (gender, age, temporary illness and visiting a physician). According to multitrait-multimethod analyses, both the child and parent reports proved to be valid.\n      </p>", "AMERICANS love their Constitution. But love, as we all know, is blind. This may explain why we often look to constitutional law to vindicate our civil rights while ignoring the potential of sub-constitutional law. Federal courts have not ignored this possibility, however, and have increasingly forced civil rights plaintiffs to seek relief using sub-constitutional law where it is available. A victim of discrimination, for example, might be denied the chance to invoke the Equal Protection Clause and told instead to rely on a federal antidiscrimination statute. In this and other cases, courts seem to believe that constitutional rights can be enforced through the application of sub-constitutional law, a practice this Article refers to as \"constitutional enforcement by proxy.\" This Article is the first to analyze the emerging practice of proxy enforcement. This issue is important because it lies at the confluence of several important discourses in the federal courts field-such as the judicial duty to issue a remedy for every constitutional wrong, the role of non-Article III actors in setting constitutional norms, and the degree to which sub-constitutional law can, like the Constitution itself, be \"constitutive\" of the national order. This Article's central claim is that proxy enforcement, properly administered, is permissible and even advisable in a large number of cases. It is permissible because federal courts' duty to supervise the behavior of non-Article III actors does not require courts to invoke the Constitution directly (unless Congress has ordered otherwise). If courts can maintain constitutional norms using sub-constitutional law, they are entirely free to do so. The practice is normatively attractive because it promises a partial truce in the everlasting debate over interpretive supremacy. By relying on sub-constitutional law to enforce the Constitution, federal courts allow non-Article III actors a significant role in the articulation of constitutional norms, a role normally denied them when courts enforce the Constitution directly. Thus, sub-constitutional adjudication of civil rights claims does not spurn our love of the Constitution; it preserves individual rights while honoring a principle that lies at the Constitution's very heart: popular sovereignty.\n      </p>", "\u2022 Stable isotope ratios of organic compounds are valuable tools for determining the geographical origin, identity, authenticity or history of samples from a vast range of sources such as sediments, plants and animals, including humans. \u2022 Hydrogen isotope ratios (\u03b4\u00b2H values) of methoxyl groups in lignin from wood of trees grown in different geographical areas were measured using compound-specific pyrolysis isotope ratio mass spectrometry analysis. \u2022 Lignin methoxyl groups were depleted in \u00b2H relative to both meteoric water and whole wood. A high correlation (r\u00b2 = 0.91) was observed between the \u03b4\u00b2H values of the methoxyl groups and meteoric water, with a relatively uniform fractionation of -216 \u00b1 19\u2030 recorded with respect to meteoric water over a range of \u03b4\u00b2H values from -110 in northern Norway to +20\u2031 in Yemen. Thus, woods from northern latitudes can be clearly distinguished from those from tropical regions. By contrast, the \u03b4\u00b2H values of bulk wood were only relatively poorly correlated (r\u00b2 = 0.47) with those of meteoric water. \u2022 Measurement of the \u03b4\u2082H values of lignin methoxyl groups is potentially a powerful tool that could be of use not only in the constraint of the geographical origin of lignified material but also in paleoclimate, food authenticity and forensic investigations.\n      </p>", "Karen Bennett has recently argued that the views articulated by Linsky and Zalta (Philos Perspect 8:431\u2013458, 1994) and (Philos Stud 84:283\u2013294, 1996) and Plantinga (The nature of necessity, 1974) are not consistent with the thesis of actualism, according to which everything is actual. We present and critique her arguments. We first investigate the conceptual framework she develops to interpret the target theories. As part of this effort, we question her definition of 'proxy actualism'. We then discuss her main arguments that the theories carry a commitment to actual entities that do not exist. We end by considering and addressing a worry that might have been the driving force behind Bennett's claim that Linsky and Zalta's view is not fully actualistic.\n      </p>", "Military intervention in civil wars by smaller states has often been interpreted as a sign of the increasing importance of indirect intervention as a means of foreign policy: the smaller intervening states are seen to have acted as the proxy of a major power. The Angola conflict in particular has been cited in this connection, and Cuba is often said to have intervened on behalf of the Soviet Union. Other examples have also been mentioned. However, it is not always clear what characterizes a proxy in this sense. This article tries to identify relevant criteria, and argues that a reasonable definition of a proxy relationship must be formulated in terms of power. Some of the instances of intervention by proxy mentioned in the literature are then examined in the light of this definition. In none of these is it possible to demonstrate that the intervening state actually acted as proxy for another. This conclusion may be the result of defective instruments of analysis, but it may also reflect the fact that interventions by proxy have not actually taken place.\n      </p>", "Quine's ontological relativity is related to Tarski's theory of truth in two ways: Quine \"repudiates term-by-term-correspondence\", as does Tarski's rule of truth; and Quine's proxy argument in support of relativity finds exact formulation in Tarski's truth definition. Unfortunately, relativity is threatened by the fact that the proxy argument doesn't comply with the rule of truth (Tarski's celebrated condition (T)). Despite Quine's express allegiance to (T), use of proxy schemes does not generate all of the true sentences condition (T) requires. A possible adjustment is to drop (T), retain the satisfaction definition and proxy argument, and appeal to the theory of observation and indeterminacy of reference as grounds of relativity. But as we shall see Quine's theories of assent to observation sentences and of reference-learning don't square easily with his naturalism. The first attributes intentional attitudes to observers; and the second assumes a holistic context principle and a concept of individuation which do not withstand scrutiny as empirical notions. Both appear to violate Quine's behavorist canon. A saving alternative is a theory of term-reference that appears in Roots of Reference and affords a return to behaviorism, and reinstatement of the proxy argument and relativity in a way compatible with Tarski's (T).\n      </p>", "Objective: The purpose of the present study was to examine the level of agreement between health status ratings provided by patients with Alzheimer's disease and by their proxies. Background: Because proxycompleted responses are often necessary in assessing health outcomes for the elderly, it is necessary to determine the feasibility and potential limitations of using proxies as a patient substitutes. Methods: To assess the potential utility of proxy responses on health status when subjects present a cognitive impairment, this study compared the responses of 70 subjects with Alzheimer's disease and those of their family and/or care provider proxy using the SF-36. Agreement between proxies and patients was measured by intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs). Results: The proportion of exact agreement between patients and proxies on the 36 items ranged from 3.3 to 41.7%. Results reveal poor to moderate agreement between patient and proxy reports. Proxy reliability varied according to the relationship of the proxy to the index subject. Agreement decreased significantly with increasing severity of dementia and with increasing severity of Physical status (Katz ADL). Agreement was better for measures of functions that are directly observable and relatively poor for more subjective measures. Conclusions: Our results confirm the importance of the information source used for patient health status.\n      </p>", "To determine the quality of proxy health reports by telephone the 1984 Wisconsin Health Status Survey employed a repeated-measure design in an interview covering 22 recently occurring health and psychologic complaints. Comparisons on individuals in households containing two or more adults revealed a relatively weak correspondence between the respondent and proxy reports. While a previous analysis of these data found that certain characteristics thought to underlie reporting differences are not useful in explaining proxy underreporting, the current analysis focuses on spousal pairs and achieves greater success by applying somewhat more sophisticated methods. The authors examined the nature, persistence, and number of health complaints as factors in reporting bias. They find evidence that female proxies vary by symptom in their ability to report common complaints and also observed that proxy underreporting diminishes somewhat as the persistence of symptoms increases. Using multiplicative models, the authors show that the gross misclassification of complaints is concentrated in the respondent-proxy pairs with the shortest exposure to the symptom. Finally, an examination of the disagreements on all 22 health complaints simultaneously revealed that neither mutual misallocation by respondents and proxies nor a diminished health status of the individual reported on are important influences on reporting behavior.\n      </p>", "Agreement between self reports and proxy reports of health-related quality of life (HRQoL) was examined in a sample of 76 patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease and their proxies. Patients and proxies completed an '17-item Duke health profile'. The items were rephrased for the proxy. The proportion of exact agreement between patients and proxies on the 17 items ranged from 26.3 to 52.6%. Results reveal poor to moderate agreement (intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) from 0.00 to 0.61 for 10 subscales) between patients' and proxies' reports. Agreement was higher for measures of function that are directly observable (physical health, disability) and relatively poor for more subjective measures. Proxy reliability varied according to the relationship of the proxy to the index subject. Spouses and nurses agreed more closely with index subjects than did children or nurses' aides. Agreement decreased with increasing severity of dementia. Statistically significant differences in mean scores were noted for several dimensions, with proxies tending to rate the patients as having a lower quality of life than the patients themselves. This study indicates the importance of considering the information source of a patient's HRQoL. However, assessments by proxies should be used with caution.\n      </p>", "After sketching the legal and economic background of proxy voting, Professor Eisenberg reexamines the direct authorities and general principles of corporate law concerning access to corporate proxy machinery. He analyzes the conditions under which, and the extent to which, management and shareholders can utilize the proxy machinery in connection with both election and nonelection matters. In particular, he develops the point that the shareholders are afforded significantly wider access under state corporate law than has commonly been assumed.\n      </p>", "To simulate transport of clastic material in the Baltic a sediment transport module is linked to a Baltic Sea Model that is based on the Modular Ocean Model-MOM3. In order to describe the properties of the seabed sediment parameters as mean grain size, critical shear velocity and bed roughness length must be provided as input data to the numerical model system. To obtain maps of these quantities for the Baltic Sea area the proxy-target concept is applied. As proxy-variable the mean grain size of the sediment types is used. For different sediment samples the critical shear velocity was measured and serves as the target variable. Using the relation between the sediment classifications based on the mean grain size (proxy) and the measured critical shear velocity (target) a map of the critical shear velocity in the Baltic is derived. In January 1993 several extreme strong storm events occurred in the Baltic. Using this period for a model calculation maximum values of current and wave induced bottom shear velocities were obtained. Comparing these model results with the critical shear velocity distribution provided by the proxy-target concept we identify potential erosion areas. Further we show the transport path of material initially deposited in the Mecklenburgian Bight.\n      </p>", "The meaning of valid proxy consent for children has recently been the subject of an important debate between Richard McCormick and Paul Ramsey on the ethics of experimenting with children.1 Ramsey is willing to agree with McCormick that parental consent for a child to undergo some medical procedure is valid only if parents consider what the child would consent to if he could. But beyond this, Ramsey has a fundamentally different conception of the child from McCormick, and therefore gives a very different interpretation to this standard for valid proxy consent. In Ramsey's view, McCormick's basic mistake is to think of the child as a small adult, thereby overlooking the child's peculiar vulnerabilities and needs. In particular, McCormick fails to attend to the child's needs for 'preservation in life and healthful growth'.2 In this paper, the author pursues Ramsey's suggestion that a correct analysis of valid proxy consent for children would replace the 'language of consent' with the 'language of need'.2 He does this by sketching a theory of parenthood that rests on two central notions: that of primary goods, as found in the writing of John Rawls, and that of autonomy.\n      </p>", "Following the suggestions of a recent National Research Council report [NRC (National Research Council) (2006) Surface Temperature Reconstructions for the Last 2,000 Years (Natl Acad Press, Washington, DC).], we reconstruct surface temperature at hemispheric and global scale for much of the last 2,000 years using a greatly expanded set of proxy data for decadal-to-centennial climate changes, recently updated instrumental data, and complementary methods that have been thoroughly tested and validated with model simulation experiments. Our results extend previous conclusions that recent Northern Hemisphere surface temperature increases are likely anomalous in a long-term context. Recent warmth appears anomalous for at least the past 1,300 years whether or not tree-ring data are used. If tree-ring data are used, the conclusion can be extended to at least the past 1,700 years, but with additional strong caveats. The reconstructed amplitude of change over past centuries is greater than hitherto reported, with somewhat greater Medieval warmth in the Northern Hemisphere, albeit still not reaching recent levels.\n      </p>", "An extensive quality of life (QOL) investigation of the effects of chemotherapy in patients with generalized malignant melanoma included a validation study of involved questionnaires. The QOL domains of the three basic quality of life questionnaires, the EORTC QLQ-C36 (European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Core Questionnaire), a study-specific malignant melanoma (MM) module and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression (HAD) scale vs. the Cancer Inventory of Problem Situations (CIPS) were validated by correlation analyses. The value of using attending nurses and/or next of kin to assess the patients' situation was also examined. Functional and symptom scales of the C36 and the subscales of the HAD showed appropriate convergent and discriminant validity when compared with the CIPS. The subscales of the MM module had less clear relationships, probably due to lack of accordance in the CIPS. Assessments of attending nurses revealed very low correlations with the patients' measures. They underestimated significantly series of specific symptoms and overestimated nausea and the overall quality of life of the patients. However, assessments of close relatives, mostly spouses, showed moderate to high correlations and no significant difference. These results further strengthen the overall validity of the modular approach of the EORTC QLQ technique. In this context of active chemotherapy in patients with advanced cancer disease, relatives seem to be better surrogates than the attending nurses in assessing the patients' quality of life.\n      </p>", "The Mental Capacity Act 2005 has provided unified scope in the British medical system for proxy consent with regard to medical decisions, in the form of a lasting power of attorney. While the intentions are to increase the autonomous decision making powers of those unable to consent, the author of this paper argues that the whole notion of proxy consent collapses into a paternalistic judgement regarding the other person's best interests and that the new legislation introduces only an advisor, not a proxy with the moral authority to make treatment decisions on behalf of another. The criticism is threefold. First, there is good empirical evidence that people are poor proxy decision makers as regards accurately representing other people's desires and wishes, and this is therefore a pragmatically inadequate method of gaining consent. Second, philosophical theory explaining how we represent other people's thought processes indicates that we are unlikely ever to achieve accurate simulations of others' wishes in making a proxy decision. Third, even if we could accurately simulate other people's beliefs and wishes, the current construction of proxy consent in the Mental Capacity Act means that it has no significant ethical authority to match that of autonomous decision making. Instead, it is governed by a professional, paternalistic, best-interests judgement that undermines the intended role of a proxy decision maker. The author argues in favour of clearly adopting the paternalistic best-interests option and viewing the proxy as solely an advisor to the professional medical team in helping make best-interests judgements.\n      </p>", "We use a model-based approach to derive quarterly figures on several variables for the aggregate labor market in the Netherlands that are only observed annually. These approximations are conditional expectations derived from univariate and bivariate quarterly time series models for the series under consideration. They are subsequently used as proxies to estimate and analyze the structural labor market equations. Attention is given to the properties of estimation procedures based on proxy variables.\n      </p>", "An assessment of a protocol devised to guide practitioners thinking of using covert video surveillance. Such surveillance is particularly used to help identify cases of Munchausen's syndrome by proxy. The protocol in question has been written by staff at the Academic Department of Paediatrics, North Staffordshire Hospital, Stoke-on-Trent in association with their local Area Child Protection Committee and has been commended by the Department of Health to others wishing to implement covert video surveillance.\n      </p>", "Purpose To compare adolescent self-reports with two types of parent reports regarding the quality of life (QoL) of adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASDs): (1) standard parent reports, in which parents give their own perspective on their adolescent child's QoL and (2) parent proxy reports, in which parents indicate how they believe their adolescent child would answer. Methods Thirty-nine adolescents with ASDs and their parents completed the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL). Parents completed the form twice, once using standard parent report instructions and again using proxy instructions. Concordance among the three reports was evaluated via Pearson correlations. Differences in means were assessed via ANOVAs. Results Correlations were higher between parent proxy reports and adolescent self-reports than between standard parent reports and adolescent self-reports. In addition, average scores on the parent proxy reports were closer to adolescents' self-reports than were average scores on the standard parent reports. Conclusions These results demonstrate that parents of adolescents with ASDs have different opinions about their children's quality of life than their children do, and that they are aware of these differences. If the goal is to reduce discrepancy between the reports of parents and their adolescent children with ASDs, it may be advisable to ask parents to report on their child's QoL as they believe their children would.\n      </p>", "Let X denote the number of items declared defective in a sample of size n selected without replacement from a batch of N items containing \u03b8 defectives, where testing is fallible. In this note it is shown that the density of X, p(x, \u03b8), has a monotone likelihood ratio (MLR) in x, and the relevance of this fact to inference is discussed in detail. In addition, an interesting connection is made between the MLR property and the suitability of X as a proxy for the \"true\" number of defectives in regression modeling.\n      </p>", "Objective: To investigate the feasibility and validity of a proxy version of the EuroQol in children treated for imperforate anus. Methods: Patients included were between 1 and 51 years of age. Instruments included were the EuroQol, the TACQOL and a disease specific questionnaire, the Langemeijer Stool Questionnaire. Patients older than 15 years filled in all questionnaires themselves, in the age groups 5-10 and 11-15 a parent administered the questionnaires. Feasibility was judged on the number of missing values. In search of validity, EuroQol scores were compared with the prevalence of disease symptoms (convergent validity) and with the TACQOL (construct validity). Results: The number of missings was not related to age. The disease specific questionnaire correlated significantly with the ${\\rm EQ}_{{\\rm vas}}$ from 11 years on and with the EQ- $5{\\rm D}_{\\text{index}}$ from 5 years on. The mean correlation between contextual similar domains of the EuroQol and the TACQOL was -0.55. The correlation between different domains was -0.32. Conclusion: The results support the idea that the use of a proxy version of the EuroQol is feasible and valid. The convergent validity of the ${\\rm EQ}_{{\\rm vas}}$ was supported from 11 years on. The EQ-5D showed good construct and convergent validity from 5 years on.\n      </p>", "Purpose To compare HRQoL differences with CHD in generic indexes and a proxy CVD-specific score in a nationally representative sample of U. S. adults. Methods The National Health Measurement Study, a cross-sectional random-digit-dialed telephone survey of adults aged 35-89, administered the EQ-5D, QWB-SA, HUI2, HUI3, SF-36v2 \u2122 (yielding PCS, MCS, and SF-6D), and HALex. Analyses compared 3,350 without CHD (group 1 ), 265 with CHD not taking chest pain medication (group 2), and 218 with CHD currently taking chest pain medication (group 3), with and without adjustment for demographic variables and comorbidities. Data on 154 patients from heart failure clinics were used to construct a proxy score utilizing generic items probing CVD symptoms. Results Mean scores differed between CHD groups for all indexes with and without adjustment (P &lt; 0.0001 for all except MCS P = 0.018). Unadjusted group 3 versus 1 differences were about three times larger than for group 2 versus 1. Standardized differences for the proxy score were similar to those for generic indexes, and were about 1.0 for all except MCS for group 3 versus 1. Conclusions Generic indexes capture differences in HRQoL in population-based studies of CHD similarly to a score constructed from questions probing CVD-specific symptoms.\n      </p>", "Having explored the existence of a private right of action under the SEC proxy rules in the last issue, Professor Loss proceeds to consider the peculiar problems which this right creates in a federal system. The article focuses upon the availability of a state forum for proxy violations despite the exclusive-jurisdiction provision in the Securities Exchange Act, and the difficulties that the doctrines of pendent jurisdiction and res judicata pose for a claimant who chooses the federal forum.\n      </p>", "A primary purpose of this paper is to quantitatively link variously defined and derived shoreline estimates commonly used for shoreline change analysis. Estimates of shoreline mapping and derivation error, natural shoreline variability, and the relationships between horizontally-derived (proxy-based) shorelines to vertical datums (e.g. MHW) are presented. A series of shoreline repeatability and variability experiments as well as data from a beach monitoring program along the high-energy US Pacific Northwest coast, indicate total uncertainty estimates of the horizontal position of proxy-based shorelines to be approximately \u00b1 50\u2013150 m for T-sheets and aerial photography and approximately \u00b1 15 m for datum-based shorelines derived from ground- or air-based topographic surveys. The ability to obtain reliable shoreline change results depends upon both the selected shoreline definition (e.g. horizontal- or feature-based proxy, or datum-based intercept) and the accuracy of the technique used in mapping or interpreting its position. The position of the selected shoreline on the beach profile determines its inherent temporal and spatial variability, an important consideration that has often been overlooked in the scientific literature on shoreline change. Historical shorelines mapped on NOS T-sheets and aerial photos have commonly identified high water line (HWL)-type shorelines, which are shown to be higher on the beach surface than the MHW-datum intercept along coasts subject to wave runup. Analyses of 4.5 years of beach profile data from the southwest Washington coast suggest that both the MHW and HWL-type shorelines have greater natural short-term variability than expected, significantly greater than the variability of shoreline proxies defined farther landward and higher on the beach profile. A model for determining the natural variability of HWL-type shorelines reveals that this short-term variability is the dominant factor in the large total uncertainty values associated with shorelines derived from T-sheets and aerial photographs. The results of these analyses and quantitative comparisons are relevant to determining the significance of historical shoreline changes, as well as to defining the appropriate shoreline proxy or datum and time scale for future shoreline change analysis.\n      </p>", "Background: The Runcorn area, north-west England, contains many pollution sources, the health effects of which have been under discussion for over 100 years. Preliminary investigations revealed an excess risk of mortality from kidney disease in people living nearest to several point sources of pollution, using distance as a proxy for exposure. Ongoing epidemiological investigations into the effect of ambient mercury exposure on dose and renal effect required a more refined assessment of exposure. Methods: Atmospheric dispersion modelling was used to assess mercury dispersion from three mercury-emitting sources (including a large chlor alkali plant), based on knowledge of emissions, local meteorology and topography. Results: The model was sensitive to various input parameters, with different dispersion patterns and ground-level concentrations, and therefore different exposed populations identified when different input parameters were defined. The different approaches to exposure assessment also had an impact on the epidemiological findings. The model output correlated well with weekly monitoring data collected in the local area, although the model underestimated concentrations in close proximity to the chlor alkali plant. The model identified that one point source did not contribute significantly to ground-level mercury concentrations, so that inclusion of this source when using the \"distance as a proxy\" approach led to significant exposure misclassification. Conclusions: The model output indicates that assessment of ambient exposure should give consideration to the magnitude of emissions, point source characteristics, local meteorology and topography to ensure that the most appropriate exposure classification is reached. Even if dispersion modelling cannot be undertaken, these data can be used to inform and improve the distance as a proxy approach, and improve the interpretability of the epidemiological findings.\n      </p>", "A systematic review was conducted to determine the relationship between ratings of children's health-related quality of life (HRQoL) made by parents and children. This was investigated in relation to four questions:- is agreement greater for some domains (e.g. physical HRQoL) than others?; do parents perceive illness to have a greater impact than their child?; how is agreement affected by child age, gender and illness status?; and is the relationship between proxy ratings affected by the method of data collection? Fourteen studies were identified. Consistent with previous research, there was greater agreement for observable functioning (e.g. physical HRQoL), and less for non-observable functioning (e.g. emotional or social HRQoL). Three studies assessed whether parents perceive the illness to have a greater impact than their child, but no clear conclusions could be drawn given differences in measures used. Agreement is better between parents and chronically sick children compared with parents and their healthy children, but no effects were found for age or gender. All of these results may be dependent on the specific measure of HRQoL employed. There remain strong arguments for obtaining information from both parents and children whenever possible.\n      </p>", "This paper reviews the opportunities and pitfalls associated with using clay mineralogical analysis in palaeoclimatic reconstructions. Following this, conjunctive methods of improving the reliability of clay mineralogical analysis are reviewed. The Mesozoic succession of NW Europe is employed as a case study. This demonstrates the relationship between clay mineralogy and palaeoclimate. Proxy analyses may be integrated with clay mineralogical analysis to provide an assessment of aridity-humidity contrasts in the hinterland climate. As an example, the abundance of kaolinite through the Mesozoic shows that, while interpretations may be difficult, the Mesozoic climate of NW Europe was subject to great changes in rates of continental precipitation. We may compare sedimentological (facies, mineralogy, geochemistry) indicators of palaeoprecipitation with palaeotemperature estimates. The integration of clay mineralogical analyses with other sedimentological proxy indicators of palaeoclimate allows differentiation of palaeoclimatic effects from those of sea-level and tectonic change. We may also observe how widespread palaeoclimate changes were; whether they were diachronous or synchronous; how climate, sea level and tectonics interact to control sedimentary facies and what palaeoclimate indicators are reliable.\n      </p>", "This Article addresses what the SEC's new proxy rules mean for shareholder activists and insurgents, particularly those ready and able to conduct a proxy contest for corporate control. The Article focuses on tactical and legal issues under the proxy rules and the rules under section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act.\n      </p>", "This report describes findings from a national survey of pregnant women in Haiti regarding the social epidemiology of pedisyon (perdition), or \"arrested pregnancy syndrome,\" a condition believed to be associated with infertility. Data collected on mortality of respondents' sisters were used to indirectly measure the prevalence of this culture-bound syndrome in the adult female population and to compare its distribution in urban and rural areas. Perdition appears to be a fairly common event that affects a large proportion of Haitian women. Reported cases of pedisyon were significantly higher in urban areas, which also differed from rural areas on respondent education, economic status, use of prenatal care, and fertility. No differences were found on sociodemographic, health, or fertility variables when women reporting perdition deaths were compared with women who reported other sister deaths. The utility and limitations of the proxy respondent method are discussed. Possible explanations for the higher rate of pedisyon among urban Haitian women are discussed, and suggestions are made for future research on arrested pregnancy syndrome.\n      </p>", "Paintings from Monet's Houses of Parliament London series have been analysed for the quantitative information they contain, by comparing the depicted position of the Sun with Solar geometry calculations. The positions of roofline features of the Houses of Parliament were measured to provide an internal scale for the determination of azimuthal and elevation angles of the Solar depictions. Despite some distortion of the painted motif, the internal scales were found to be approximately linear. The Solar positions were used to derive the dates and times of the depicted scenes. The results provide new information for assessing these paintings and are consistent with the known period Monet was in London, suggesting that they contain elements of accurate observation and may potentially be considered as a proxy indicator for the Victorian smogs and atmospheric states they depict. The four dates Monet reports observing the Sun over Parliament in 14 and 16 February and 9 and 24 March 1900, are all represented in the series. The analysis also enables Monet's vantage point from St Thomas' Hospital to be determined for the first time.\n      </p>", "Labor union pension funds have become increasingly vocal in governance matters; however, their motives are subject to fierce debate. I examine the proxy votes of AFL-CIO union funds around an exogenous change in the union representation of workers across firms. AFL-CIO-affiliated shareholders become significantly less opposed to directors once the AFL-CIO labor organization no longer represents a firm's workers. Other institutional investors, including mutual funds and public pension funds, do not exhibit similar voting behavior. Union opposition is also associated with negative valuation effects. The data suggest that some investors pursue worker interests, rather than maximize shareholder value alone.\n      </p>", "Isotope, aerosol, and methane records document an abrupt cooling event across the Northern Hemisphere at 8.2 kiloyears before present (kyr), while separate geologic lines of evidence document the catastrophic drainage of the glacial Lakes Agassiz and Ojibway into the Hudson Bay at approximately the same time. This melt water pulse may have been the catalyst for a decrease in North Atlantic Deep Water formation and subsequent cooling around the Northern Hemisphere. However, lack of direct evidence for ocean cooling has lead to speculation that this abrupt event was purely local to Greenland and called into question this proposed mechanism. We simulate the response to this melt water pulse using a coupled general circulation model that explicitly tracks water isotopes and with atmosphere-only experiments that calculate changes in atmospheric aerosol deposition (specifically $^{10}Be$ and dust) and wetland methane emissions. The simulations produce a short period of significantly diminished North Atlantic Deep Water and are able to quantitatively match paleoclimate observations, including the lack of isotopic signal in the North Atlantic. This direct comparison with multiple proxy records provides compelling evidence that changes in ocean circulation played a major role in this abrupt climate change event.\n      </p>", "In a previous study based on a matched sample analysis, it is found that in Taiwan top management turnover rate for the listed firms in the presence of a proxy contest is much higher than the ones without a proxy contest. In other words, the hypothesis of job security has gained empirical support. Taking account of the proxy contest outcomes, the present study extends the sample years, i.e. 1994-1999, to further examine the impact of proxy contest on managerial turnover. In conformity with expectations, the major empirical findings can be summarized as follows: the highest turnover rate of top management is observed in the firms of which the dissidents win majority seats; the second highest turnover rate is observed in the firms of which the dissidents win some seats; whereas the lowest turnover rate is observed in the firms of which the dissidents win no seats. Empirical findings of this kind provide further support to the view that proxy contest has played an effective monitoring role in disciplining incumbent management.\n      </p>", "Purpose The aim of the present study was to investigate agreement between child-parent proxy reports on quality of life (QoL) in children with specific learning disabilities (SpLD) and in a control group of typically developing children. Methods One hundred and sixteen children aged 8-14 years with SpLD, and 312 same age typically developing children with their parents (one or both), respectively, completed the child and parent versions of the KINDL R questionnaire. Values were analyzed with ANO VA and intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC). Results Significant mean differences were found between children with SpLD and their mother's proxy ratings. So, mothers reported significantly lower scores in the dimension of everyday functioning in school, but significantly higher scores regarding the child's physical and emotional well-being. For typically developing children, significant differences between children and parents' proxy ratings were found in physical well-being and self-esteem with both parents reporting higher scores.Concerning ICC, correlations were few and low in the SpLD group but more robust in the typically developing child-parent proxy ratings with values ranging from 0.22 to 0.46. Conclusion In the case of SpLD, the child's problem area, which is reflected in the KINDL R dimension of everyday functioning in school, seems to be an issue of controversial value that may be differentially perceived by children and their mothers. Further, it can be argued that as mothers seemed to perceive in a more negative way the child's QoL at school, they were at the same time attempting to counterbalance their reactions by overestimating the child's physical and emotional well-being. Besides differences, there is a tendency even low for mothers and children with SpLD to converge toward similar perceptions regarding the child's physical and emotional well-being and satisfaction with friends that is showing some rather common understanding of the child's overall well-being and his/her relationships with peers. In the control group, agreement between children and parents seems to be more even and evident. Proxy assessments in children with SpLD and their parents may be useful for planning targeted support interventions for these families.\n      </p>", "Separation of corporate ownership from control has permitted the rise of a self-perpetuating managerial elite, which operates businesses in its own self-interest. The attempt of the corporate democracy and corporate responsibility movements to curb unbridled management power through stockholder proxy proposals has been highly publicized. Analysis of stockholder initiated resolutions contained in the proxy statements of 626 corporations indicates that relatively few companies receive even one resolution, that proposers are usually small shareholders operating independently or in loose coalitions with limited resources and divergent interests, that managements use massive resources to oppose virtually all proposals and defeat most overwhelmingly, and that the handful of management concessions to stockholder activists is actually cosmetic mollification. We conclude that proxy power is structurally weak and is not a realistic agent of corporate change, in that management structure and policy-making power remain intact.\n      </p>", "Background: Recent research highlights the promise of remotely sensed aerosol optical depth (AOD) as a proxy for ground-level particulate matter with aerodynamic diameter \u2264 2.5 \u03bcm $({\\rm PM}_{2.5})$ . Particular interest lies in estimating spatial heterogeneity using AOD, with important application to estimating pollution exposure for public health purposes. Given the correlations reported between AOD and ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ , it is tempting to interpret the spatial patterns in AOD as reflecting patterns in ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ . Objectives: We evaluated the degree to which AOD can help predict long-term average ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ concentrations for use in chronic health studies. Methods: We calculated correlations of AOD and ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ at various temporal aggregations in the eastern United States in 2004 and used statistical models to assess the relationship between AOD and ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ and the potential for improving predictions of ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ in a subregion, the mid-Atlantic. Results: We found only limited spatial associations of AOD from three satellite retrievals with daily and yearly ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ . The statistical modeling shows that monthly average AOD poorly reflects spatial patterns in ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ because of systematic, spatially correlated discrepancies between AOD and ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ . Furthermore, when we included AOD as a predictor of monthly ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ in a statistical prediction model, AOD provided little additional information in a model that already accounts for land use, emission sources, meteorology, and regional variability. Conclusions: These results suggest caution in using spatial variation in currently available AOD to stand in for spatial variation in ground-level ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ in epidemiologic analyses and indicate that when ${\\rm PM}_{2.5}$ monitoring is available, careful statistical modeling outperforms the use of AOD.\n      </p>", "The Thirtieth Dynasty biography and figure caption on the sarcophagus of the dwarf Djeho (Cairo CG 29307) and a passage from the sarcophagus of the high official Tjaiharpta (CG 29306) are presented in annotated translation. Djeho's longer text appears unique in being concerned more with the other-worldly destiny of another person, Tjaiharpta, than with Djeho himself. The two similar hard-stone sarcophagi were buried in a single tomb near the Sarapieion road at Saqqara, together with at least seven other people. The presentation of one person's merits through another is probably connected with Djeho's role in dancing at the mortuary ceremonies of the Apis and Mnevis bulls. Among other questions, the find raises issues of royal and non-royal patronage, of the location of tombs, the placing of biographies on sarcophagi, the use of intermediaries before the gods, and the implications of Tjaiharpta's partial deference to Djeho in relation to general conceptions of the person.\n      </p>", "In this, the first of two related articles, Professor Loss discusses the availability of a private right of action under the SEC proxy rules. Looking to the purpose of the legislation, he finds that a private right should be implied in order to fulfill the needs for which the statutes were enacted. He then explores such problems as the standing of different parties in interest, the need to exhaust the administrative remedy, and the relief available to both the SEC and private litigants before and after the use of the proxies.\n      </p>", "We consider a regression in which one of the observed variables is a proxy for some unobserved \"true\" variable. Given a lower bound for the correlation between the proxy and the unobserved true variable for which it substitutes, we derive intervals in which the coefficients of the unobserved true regression must lie, regardless of any other correlations involving unobserved variables or disturbances. We present a simple solution for the important special case in which only the signs of the coefficients are of concern and one seeks the smallest correlation between the proxy and the true variable that guarantees the correctness of the signs of the coefficients in the proxy regression. We also present an algorithm for extending these results to the multiple-proxy problem.\n      </p>", "In this Article, the authors develop a framework for analyzing the desirable legal policy towards proxy contests and apply this framework to assess the rules governing the allocation of costs in proxy contests. The authors' normative standard is the maximization of social wealth. Proxy rules affect social wealth in three ways: they influence who will engage in proxy contests, they have an impact on who wins proxy contests, and they affect ex ante managerial behavior. Taking these effects into account, the authors examine how the three main dimensions of choice in the design of proxy rules-success contingency, neutrality, and the level of reimbursement-can be varied to make allocation rules more efficient. The authors conclude that the present rules, which provide full reimbursement to incumbents but reimburse challengers only if they gain control of the company, should be modified in three ways: to give incumbents less than full compensation and make it contingent on success, to make challenger compensation contingent on the fraction of votes received rather than on whether they gain board control, and to provide for more generous compensation to challengers in contests over matters other than the election of directors. The authors further argue that companies should be free to adopt rules more favorable to challengers, and less favorable to incumbents, than the standard proxy rules; however, companies should be restrained from opting for rules favoring incumbents over challengers.\n      </p>", "Researchers encountering wrong signs on regression coefficients are inclined to blame their variable list rather than measurement error. It is generally assumed that proxy variables with measurement errors uncorrelated with the true values cause only attenuation of proxy coefficients, so that measurement error cannot account for reversed signs. In general, this conclusion is false. This paper considers the asymptotic biases (inconsistencies) in multiple regression coefficients when the estimated equation contains two or more proxy variables. It is shown that if the errors in the proxies are sufficiently positively correlated with each other, the asymptotic coefficients for the less reliable proxies may have their signs reversed. Two empirical examples illustrating the effect are given.\n      </p>", "The use of standardised mortality ratios (SMRs) as a proxy measure of morbidity for resource allocation purposes in the National Health Service (NHS) has been widely criticised. The small number of deaths from infectious diseases makes it necessary to consider whether there are more appropriate measures. The standardised notification rate (SNR) was compared with the SMR for respiratory tuberculosis and it appears to be a better proxy for morbidity.\n      </p>", "       setTimeout(function(){\n                    var a=document.createElement(\"script\");\n                    var b=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];\n                    a.src=document.location.protocol+\"//dnn506yrbagrg.cloudfront.net/pages/scripts/0010/4927.js\";\n                    a.async=true;a.type=\"text/javascript\";b.parentNode.insertBefore(a,b)\n                }, 1);\n            </script><script type=\"text/javascript\">\n                \n                  var _gaq = _gaq || [];\n                  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-20266811-1']);\n                  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);\n                \n                  (function() {\n                    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;\n                    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';\n                    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);\n                  })();\n\n            </script><div id=\"SCData\" data-pagename=\"front door\" class=\"hide\"/><script src=\"/discover/application/resources/js/jstor-site-catalyst-tracking.js\" type=\"text/javascript\"> </script></body></html", "", "", "", "Bernard Linsky and Edward Zalta have recently proposed a new form of actualism. I characterize the general form of their view and the motivations behind it. I argue that it is not quite new - it bears interesting similarities to Alvin Plantinga's view - and that it definitely isn't actualist.\n      </p>", "This paper combines two rival preference modeling techniques in a new approach to multi-attribute decision making. Currently existing multi-attribute procedures use either global or local preference modeling. In the global modeling technique, a single preference function is constructed in the large; its maximum is the optimal alternative. In the local procedure, sequential approximations of the preference function are constructed in the small. Each approximation generates a trial solution. Under suitable conditions, each trial solution is preferred to its predecessor, so the trial sequence eventually reaches the optimum. Each technique has advantages and disadvantages; this paper combines the desirable features of both techniques in a new improved method. This new method, called the proxy approach, uses the advantages of one technique to overcome the disadvantages of the other. This paper first develops the theoretical aspects of the proxy approach and then compares it to existing procedures. Finally, the proxy algorithm is applied to a curriculum planning problem and numerous insights are gained.\n      </p>", "This paper provides a test of the effect of proxy contests on managerial job security. We investigate senior executive turnover rates in the presence/absence of proxy fights associated with listed companies in Taiwan during the period 1984-91. The findings demonstrate that top management turnover is closely related to the incidence of proxy fights, lending support to the job security hypothesis.\n      </p>", "This article synthesizes some recent progress in the theories of corporate control and political lobbying to model the proxy campaign as a political campaign. The model yields a number of testable implications, only some of which have been examined in the literature. For example, if the loss from voting for a \"bad\" dissident, exceeds the gain from voting for a \"good\" dissident, the model predicts that as communication costs fall, the number of proxy fights increases, announcement day returns decrease, and the fraction of dissident wins first increases and then decreases.\n      </p>", "This article addresses the accuracy of proxy reports of parental status characteristics by examining findings from over 30 studies. The analysis focuses on the influence of the child-respondent's age, race, and gender and the parents' education or occupation on the accuracy of reporting. In addition to providing a comprehensive summary of this research literature, the article tests four hypotheses: (1) there will be a curvilinear relationship between the age of the child-informant and the accuracy of the proxy information, (2) blacks will be less accurate reporters than will whites, (3) there will be few gender differences in the accuracy of reports, and (4) parental education will be less accurately reported than will father's occupation. In general, it seems that proxy reports are most accurate if the respondents are high school seniors living at home and reporting on their parents' current status characteristics.\n      </p>", "Annual records of ice core \u03b4D values from the Greenland Ice Sheet Project 2 core define a temporally ordered normal distribution over an interval of 686 yr (AD 1300\u20131985) about a mean value of $-270.3\\mbox{\\textperthousand} \\pm 8.41\\mbox{\\textperthousand} $ (standard mean ocean water) and suggest that a significant component of year\u2010to\u2010year variation may exist as an unrelated series of ice compositions comprising Gaussian white noise. Importantly, while rates of interannual change in composition also define a symmetric modal distribution (as would be expected from random variation), year\u2010to\u2010year differences display a standard deviation (9.47\u2030) that is significantly smaller than that expected for a distribution of temporally independent compositions (11.90\u2030). This reduction in variance in year\u2010to\u2010year \u03b4D changes reflects a partial correlation between successive annual compositions. Several numerical aspects of annual isotope values suggest that \u223c33% of compositional variation is controlled by system memory and \u223c67% reflects the imposition of Gaussian noise on the annual isotope composition. Likewise, other proxy millennial records of paleoclimate variation embodied as year\u2010to\u2010year differences in \u03b418O of coral aragonite and widths of annually accreted tree rings are found to exhibit similar degrees of interannual memory. Such dependence on the compositions of the previous year could record multiyear changes in local weather patterns but could also reflect more specific processes such as interlayer transport by vapor diffusion in polar ice or the variable influences of vital inertia in different biologic systems.\n      </p>", "The current literature concerning proxy contests provides little evidence that shareholders suffer materially from sub par performance prior to a contest. Furthermore, no study has thoroughly examined the long-term performance of targeted firms subsequent to a proxy contest. Using a sample of 97 election contests during the period 1968-87, we find negative abnormal returns and deteriorating operating performance prior to the announcement of a contest. Following the contest, negative abnormal returns are observed. These negative returns are driven by cases in which dissident shareholders successfully acquire board seats. The results for accounting based operating performance measures confirm these findings.\n      </p>", "1. An increasing number of studies are examining the distribution and congruence of ecosystem services, often with the goal of identifying areas that will provide multiple ecosystem service ' hotspots'. However, there is a paucity of data on most ecosystem services, so proxies (e. g. estimates of a service for a particular land cover type) are frequently used to map their distribution. To date, there has been little attempt to quantify the effects of using proxies on distribution maps of ecosystem services, despite the potentially large errors associated with such data sets. 2. Here, we provide the first study examining the effects of using proxies on ecosystem service maps and the degree of spatial congruence of these maps with primary data, using England as a case study. 3. We show that land cover based proxies provide a poor fit to primary data surfaces for biodiversity, recreation and carbon storage, and that correlations between ecosystem services change depending on whether primary or proxy data are used for the analyses. 4. The poor fit of proxies to primary data was also evident when we selected hotspots of single ecosystem services, and consistency between raw and modelled surfaces was extremely low when considering the locations that were coincident hotspots for multiple services. 5. Synthesis and applications. Proxies may be suitable for identifying broad-scale trends in ecosystem services, but even relatively good proxies are likely to be unsuitable for identifying hotspots or priority areas for multiple services.\n      </p>", "Present legal requirements for disclosure in merger and acquisition deals are preoccupied with information bearing on stock market, rather than business, values. As a result, outside stockholders sometimes suffer simply because they don't understand what the deal is really all about. In particular, proxy statements and exchange prospectuses should protect sellers, as well as buyers.\n      </p>", "We develop a proxy to infer humidity from the geochemistry of paleosols in order to enhance reconstructions of ancient paleoclimate beyond trends in mean annual precipitation. Geochemical transfer functions, developed herein, are used to estimate net primary production and evapotranspiration along three latitudinal transects of modern soils in the coterminous United States. Mean annual precipitation and the degree of chemical weathering are estimated from the major element concentrations in soils. The ratio of evapotranspiration, estimated from our proxy, and mean annual precipitation provides a method of determining the humidity province of ancient climates that is more robust and meaningful than previous methods, and our approach differs from existing methods since both the influx and efflux of moisture are explicitly determined. The required input parameters for application of this proxy are (1) the soil morphology, (2) accurate and complete major element concentration data for the active soil and parent material, and (3) the latitude or mean annual temperature (\u00b15\u00b0C) of the soil or paleosol. The correlation coefficient between the measured climate and the modeled climate regime using only the latitude, morphologic, and major element data of soils is . We conclude that this proxy provides a refined determination of humidity and floral regimes that can be applied to paleosols.\n      </p>", "Child quality plays a critical role in economic models of fertility and child investment. But child quality is difficult to observe empirically. Therefore, in empirical studies, child quality is frequently represented by child schooling. However, economic models of household investment in children suggest that child schooling may be a very poor or even inverse proxy for child quality.\n      </p>", "Two well dated Holocene sediment records bordering the Denmark Strait region have been used to reconstruct past climate variability. The content of biogenic silica, clastic and organic material and moss in a lacustrine record from Lake N14 has been used to infer past variability in precipitation and temperature in southern Greenland. Sedimentologic and petrologic composition of sand in a shelf sediment record from the Dj\u00fap\u00e1ll trough is used to infer past variability in the northwestern storm activity on northwestern Iceland, which probably also affected the inflow of polar waters from the East Greenland Current. Our evaluation of these records with a number of previous studies from the region documents Holocene climatic optimum conditions peaking between 8000 and 6500 calendar years before present (cal yr BP). Mid-Holocene climate deterioration set in around 5000 cal yr BP followed by a further marked setback around 3500 cal yr BP. A stacking of climate variability on a centennial timescale from previous studies in the area shows a fairly good correspondence to the timing of marked cold and warm events as evidenced from the Lake N14 and the Dj\u00fap\u00e1ll trough records. Cooler periods are explained as the response to marked incursions of ice-laden polar water from the Arctic Ocean to the Denmark Strait region. Cool northerly and northwesterly winds along the East Greenland coast in relation to frequent strong atmospheric low pressure in the Barents Sea, coupled with strong high pressure over Greenland, would have favoured southward export of polar waters. A comparison with the proxy records of nuclide production (14C and 10Be) suggests that solar activity may have had some influence on the atmospheric pressure distribution in the Denmark Strait region.\n      </p>", "The objective of the study was to determine possible differences in perception of quality of life (QoL) between patients with metastatic breast or prostate cancer, their partners, and the treating physician. Patients with metastatic breast cancer (n = 71), and metastatic prostate cancer (n = 29), a partner, and the physician each completed the same QoL questionnaire indicating how they perceived the patient's QoL. The European organization for research and treatment of cancer (EORTC) QLQ-C30 questionnaire was used to assess patients with breast cancer and the modified prostate cancer specific quality of life instrument (PROSQOLI) for patients with prostate cancer. There was reasonable agreement in mean scores between patients, and physicians or partners, for many domains of QoL; however, there was substantial discordance between scores when considering individual patients. For patients with metastatic breast cancer, physicians systematically underestimated overall QoL (p = 0.0002), social functioning (p = 0.001), and role functioning (p = 0.008), while partners showed better agreement. With prostate cancer physicians tended to underestimate pain, while mean scores for spouses were more concordant. There is substantial variability between ratings of QoL by physicians or partners, as compared to patient ratings. Medical decisions should be based on information about QoL provided by patients using validated methods.\n      </p>"], "words": {"evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consider": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "magnetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "desirable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynasty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "opportunities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 32, "prob": 0.00026500047617273063}, "edward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "result,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reconstructions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "list": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "humidity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "p": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enhance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "smaller": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "findings": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "core": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "direct": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morphology,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "video": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "substitutes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "psychosocial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "plays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constitution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "richard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "availability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "access": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "new": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "firms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shoreline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dwarf": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "error": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lakes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "governing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "separation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biodiversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "items": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "study": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "reports": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "prior": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "products": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "action": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "military": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "examining": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "love": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addresses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "campaign": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "private": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "addressed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shareholders": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "consumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "two": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "governance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "permitted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "themselves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessment": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "company": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "wars": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "validity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "telephone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "instrumental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preoccupied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sample": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "market,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 19, "prob": 0.0001573440327275588}, "challenge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "values": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "following": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "compare": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "figure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lobbying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "household": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "suggestions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "council": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requirements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linsky": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rather": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interview": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stock": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "use": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "derived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "par": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wrong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explored": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "law": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 44, "prob": 0.0003643756547375046}, "purchase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sediments,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "third": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "think": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ultimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eisenberg": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turnover": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interpreted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disabled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "signs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suffer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thirtieth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "article,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "then": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "views": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "material": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "records": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "association": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matched": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pregnant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "denmark": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "principles": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurement": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "our": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beyond": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "event": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "item": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "health": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "cause": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perception": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "animals,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "isotope": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managerial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pitfalls": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "included": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proxy": {"number": 31, "prob": 0.0002567192112923328}, "members": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "biological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "service": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "outcomes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "caption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "baltic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reexamines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "americans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vote": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "antarctic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "size": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "surveys": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ancient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "temperature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "practitioners": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "top": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "their": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "cooling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "listed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relationship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "environmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simulate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "articles,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vocal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acquisition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 32, "prob": 0.00026500047617273063}, "measure": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "linked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ratings": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "self": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "isolated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reliance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subjects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "funds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "performance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accuracy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "towards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "electric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "djeho": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assesses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proxies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 86, "prob": 0.0007121887797142135}, "preferences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "especially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consequences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professor": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sometimes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "link": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "voting": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "precise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "merger": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nervous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peculiar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bernard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coefficients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "setting,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "means": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ones": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "reconstruct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "haiti": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "areas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spikes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "x": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fertility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sediment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "declared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constructing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "humans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sec": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "are": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "sea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taiwan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capacity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compounds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "federal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "difficulties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "progress": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variability": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "we": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "recently": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "parent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "missing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "blame": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "respondents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "climate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "region": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "annual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "job": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foreign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "let": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zalta": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "karen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "modeling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "voting,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unusual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "union": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paintings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerning": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fund": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systematic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "child": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "prices": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "suspected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessments": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "applied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "n": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "aim": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cox": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "guide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "characteristics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "is": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "strait": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commonly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 39, "prob": 0.00032296933033551544}, "regression": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "containing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "generic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surveillance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "member": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "devised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "document": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "used": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "effect": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "allocation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "ownership": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "validate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "destruction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "older": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ocean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "person": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "without": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "machinery": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consistency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "settimeout": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corporate": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "researchers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pollen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protocol": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proximity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valuable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "product": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paul": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indexes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thinking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lake": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "treatment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "samples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "sub": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rules": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preference": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "precipitation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advanced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loss": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "articulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "necessary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "combines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "t": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "security": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "replacement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "right": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "often": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "people": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "trends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contests": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "transport": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "provided": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "avoid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sketching": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "legal": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "origin,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patient": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marketing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "agreement": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "epidemiology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "about": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 89, "prob": 0.0007370325743554071}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "act": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concentrations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discusses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "disclosure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "civil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assess": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "authorities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "analysis,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intervention": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "rely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adolescent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "synthesizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "north": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "form": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "idea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "failure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "atlantic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystem": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "quantitatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "average": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bearing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sarcophagus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "defined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "covert": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authenticity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "al": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "as": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "et": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indirect": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mutual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contest": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inclined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meaning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "brands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "holocene": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposure": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "required": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "having": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ratios": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}