{"total_words": 1338, "documents": ["This paper examines how established firms conduct continual entrepreneurial search for possibilities for long-term growth. Drawing on comprehensive internal documents of the DuPont Company over a 20-year period, we develop a search process that is a departure from frequent depictions of search as local or random. Longitudinal field data show that corporate entrepreneurs follow a \"moving, anchored search\" for growth possibilities. Employing this framework as lens, we develop propositions. We find that corporate entrepreneurs are more likely to conduct search in new domains following events that cause them to expect future performance to change significantly and lastingly. This is in contrast to the literature that has typically modeled the initiation of search as a response to poor past performance. Because new domains are unexplored territories for corporate entrepreneurs, they utilize transitional levers that they perceive will facilitate the move from existing domains to new ones. These perceived transitional levers, however, typically prove inaccurate or incomplete. Content within domains is searched using anchors whose locations and numbers change. The combination of search process and content searched influences the particular growth possibilities discovered and created. Search and pursuit of growth possibilities is accompanied by the creation of new knowledge and new capabilities.\n      </p>", "This study investigated the ways in which motivations and goals affect patterns of political information-seeking and the consequent structure of memory about candidates. Undergraduate participants used a computerized system that displayed different layers of information about fictional political candidates; the system recorded the strategies they used to search through this information. Results showed that motivations to engage in effortful processing produced tendencies to engage in within-candidate searches, better recall, and memory structures clustered by candidate. The goal of forming impressions of the candidates, which was expected to lead to within-candidate searching, was in fact modestly associated with weaker tendencies to do so, once effort was taken into account. Impression-formation goals, however, were associated with less attribute-based memory structures. The findings confirm that the manner in which people acquire candidate information has important consequences for the way they store that information in memory, and that these processes vary according to individual motivations and goals.\n      </p>", "The Internet offers several tools such as shopping bots and search engines that help potential buyers search for lower prices. This paper defines buyers' online search strategy as using one or more of these tools to search for lower prices, and empirically investigates the validity of economics of information search theory in explaining buyers' choice of a particular online search strategy. We find that buyers' attitudes toward the price offered by their preferred online seller, their perception of online price dispersion, and their awareness of shopping agents have a significant effect on their choice of online search strategy. An understanding of buyers' choice of online search strategies can help an online seller to estimate its expected probability of making an online sale, optimize its online pricing, and improve its online promotional and advertising activities.\n      </p>", "The dynamics of innovative search are investigated. A formal learning model is explicated to understand (1) how attention is allocated and (2) how attention and ideas are related during an active search. A particular chaotic regime of the model is shown to have dynamics similar to an actual search process. This motivates an agenda for research along three primary directions: refinements to the model, extensions that link the model to actions and decisions, and surroundings required to embed such a model in a larger context. The findings here suggest that chaos can occur in specific organizational processes over particular periods of time. Whether such chaos is beneficial to organizations is unclear.\n      </p>", "The continuous growth of e-commerce makes it criticai for firms to understand consumers' search behavior so that e-commerce Web sites and the underlying information Systems can be designed to better cater to consumers' needs. This paper ex tends the classic search model to analyze online consumer search behavior. The analytical results suggest how consumers' search depth is influenced by a variety of factors such as search cost, individuai consumer difference, and produet characteristics. Evidence is provided using clickstream data of online searches and purchases of music CDs, computer hardware, and airline tickets during the period from July 2002 to December 2002 collected by an Internet marketing Company, ComScore Inc. Compared with the search depth reported in previous works, this study finds that consumers are searching more intensely before purchasing online. This reflects the evolution of Internet users and the growth of online retail business.\n      </p>", "Information search is a critical stage in the Internet purchase process. But does decreased search cost on the Internet really lead to increased search? According to the search cost literature, consumers face three types of search costs: the cost of locating an appropriate seller, the cost of obtaining price information, and the cost of obtaining product information. This study examines the effect on consumer search intention of ease of on-line search for price, nonprice product information, and store. The results show the significant main effect of both cross-site search and in-site search on both price search and nonprice product information search for books (search goods) and MP3 players (experience goods). Price search and nonprice product information search increase when cross-site search and in-site search are made easy. However, cross-site search and in-site search have no significant impact on store search; respondents going directly to their preferred sellers' Web sites seems to be the dominant method used by buyers to search for online sellers. Results also indicate that consumers like the Internet shopping process more when search transparency of the interface is high. Implications for practitioners and academics are provided.\n      </p>", "A searcher and target move among a finite set of cells C = 1, 2,..., N in discrete time. At the beginning of each time period, one cell is searched. If the target is in the selected cell j, it is detected with probability q&lt;sub&gt;j&lt;/sub&gt;. If the target is not in the cell searched, it cannot be detected during the current time period. After each search, a target in cell j moves to cell k with probability p&lt;sub&gt;jk&lt;/sub&gt;. The target transition matrix, P=[p&lt;sub&gt;jk&lt;/sub&gt;] is known to the searcher. The searcher's path is constrained in that if the searcher is currently in cell j, the next search cell must be selected from a set of neighboring cells C. The object of the search is to minimize the probability of not detecting the target in T searches.\n      </p>", "A search is conducted for a target moving in discrete time among a finite number of cells according to a known Markov process. The searcher must choose one cell in which to search in each time period. The set of cells available for search depends upon the cell chosen in the last time period. The problem is to find a searcher path, i.e., a sequence of search cells, that maximizes the probability of detecting the target in a fixed number of time periods. We formulate the problem as a partially observable Markov decision process and present a finite time horizon POMDP solution technique which is simpler than the standard linear programming methods.\n      </p>", "We investigate a two-sided, multi-stage search problem where a continuous search effort is made by one or more search units to detect a moving target in a continuous target space, under noisy detection conditions. A specific example of this problem is hunting for an enemy submarine by naval forces. So far, this problem has not been solved, because of the difficulty of predicting the target's behaviour. In finding promising routes for the search units, a heuristic has been developed. To obtain these routes, at every decision moment in time an optimal point to go to must be determined. This amounts to finding at every decision moment an optimum of a function that changes over time.\n      </p>", "The effects of search costs on habitat selection by dispersers are largely unknown. We explore how habitat selection behavior is affected by the risk of mortality en route and by deferred search costs (i.e., costs incurred during search that reduce fitness after arrival in the new habitat), using a model designed for long-distance natal dispersers searching for scarce patches of suitable habitat embedded within a matrix of unsuitable habitat. In this situation, increases in the risk of mortality during search reduce disperser selectivity, where selectivity is reflected by the period during search when dispersers are only willing to accept a high-quality habitat. However, the effects of deferred costs on selectivity depend on other factors with pronounced effects on selectivity, including encounter rates with high-quality habitats, relative habitat quality, and total search time. Surprisingly, under some sets of conditions, increases in deferred costs lead to increases in disperser selectivity. Overall, the effects of mortality and deferred costs on selectivity are small relative to the effects of other factors on selectivity. For instance, our model suggests that selectivity is much more strongly affected by total search time than by search costs, and it predicts a positive relationship between total search time and disperser selectivity across individuals in the same population, even in the face of considerable inter-individual variation in risk of mortality or deferred search costs.\n      </p>", "Foraging is one of the most important endeavors undertaken by animals, and it has been studied intensively from both mechanistic-empirical and optimal foraging perspectives. Planktivorous fish make excellent study organisms for foraging studies because they feed frequently and in a relatively simple environment. Most optimal foraging studies of planktivorous fish have focused either on diet choice or habitat selection and have assumed that these animals used a cruise search foraging strategy. We have recently recognized that white crappie do not use a cruise search strategy (swimming continuously and searching constantly) while foraging on zooplankton but move in a stop and go pattern, searching only while paused. We have termed this saltatory search. Many other animals move in a stop and go pattern while foraging, but none have been shown to search only while paused. Not only do white crappie search in a saltatory manner but the components of the search cycle change when feeding on prey of different size. When feeding on large prey these fish move further and faster after an unsuccessful search than when feeding on small prey. The fish also pause for a shorter period to search when feeding on large prey. To evaluate the efficiency of these alterations in the search cycle, a net energy gain simulation model was developed. The model computes the likelihood of locating 1 or 2 different size classes of zooplankton prey as a function of the volume of water scanned. The volume of new water searched is dependent upon the dimensions of the search volume and the length of the run. Energy costs for each component of the search cycle, and energy gained from the different sized prey, were assessed. The model predicts that short runs produce maximum net energy gains when crappie feed on small prey but predicts net energy gains will be maximized with longer runs when crappie feed on large prey or a mixed assemblage of large and small prey. There is an optimal run length due to high energy costs of unsuccessful search when runs are short and reveal little new water, and high energy costs of long runs when runs are lengthy. The model predicts that if the greater search times observed when crappie feed on small prey are assessed when they feed on a mixed diet of small and large prey, net energy gained is less than if small prey are deleted from the diet. We believe the model has considerable generality. Many animals are observed to move in a saltatory manner while foraging and some are thought to search only while stationary. Some birds and lizards are known to modify the search cycle in a manner similar to white crappie.\n      </p>", "In this paper, exploration and exploitation are conceptualized in terms of a nonlocal-local search continuum in three-dimensional supply, demand, and geographic space. Using cross-sectional data from a wide range of manufacturing industries, we develop and validate an operational measure of the exploration-exploitation concept. In line with theory-based arguments, our analysis suggests that the value of supply-side, demand-side, and spatial exploration and exploitation is contingent on the environment. While boundary-spanning supply-side search is found to be positively associated with innovation in more-dynamic environments typical of the entrepreneurial regime phase of technology evolution, such exploration appears to hurt innovation in less-dynamic environments. In a reverse fashion, while boundary-spanning demand-side search is found to be favorably associated with innovation in less-dynamic environments, it appears to harm innovation in a more-dynamic context. Interestingly, spatial boundary-spanning search seems to contribute to innovation in more- as well as less-dynamic environments. With the caveat that the substantive findings of this study are based on cross-sectional data, we discuss the implications of our work and future research directions.\n      </p>", "A target is assumed to choose its starting position in a search at an unknown position in a finite search space. No prior probability distribution for the target's initial location is assumed. During the search the target is assumed to move from position to position in the search space according to a Markov process. A search is defined to be the observation of a sequence of random variables. Representations for the minimax estimator for target location at any stage of the search, the least favorable prior distribution for the target, and the value of the estimation game are presented. An example is computed in which Bayes estimators are compared with minimax estimators for target location.\n      </p>", "Previous empirical studies have found a negative relationship between inflation and industry profit margins. Recent theoretical findings, however, suggest that buyer search costs can significantly impact this relationship. We use an actual measure of search cost that varies across wholesale industries to estimate the impact of these costs on the relationship between inflation and markups. Using firm-level data from 57 industries, we show that margins increase during inflation if search costs become sufficiently high. Our findings reconcile the theoretical and empirical literatures on this topic.\n      </p>", "This paper examines search across competing e-commerce sites. By analyzing panel data from over 10,000 Internet households and three commodity-like products (books, compact discs (CDs), and air travel services), we show that the amount of online search is actually quite limited. On average, households visit only 1.2 book sites, 1.3 CD sites, and 1.8 travel sites during a typical active month in each category. Using probabilistic models, we characterize search behavior at the individual level in terms of (1) depth of search, (2) dynamics of search, and (3) activity of search. We model an individual's tendency to search as a logarithmic process, finding that shoppers search across very few sites in a given shopping month. We extend the logarithmic model of search to allow for time-varying dynamics that may cause the consumer to evolve and, perhaps, learn to search over time. We find that for two of the three product categories studied, search propensity does not change from month to month. However, in the third product category we find mild evidence of time-varying dynamics, where search decreases over time from already low levels. Finally, we model the level of a household's shopping activity and integrate it into our model of search. The results suggest that more-active online shoppers tend also to search across more sites. This consumer characteristic largely drives the dynamics of search that can easily be mistaken as increases from experience at the individual level.\n      </p>", "We examine the competition between a group of Internet retailers who operate in an environment where a price search engine plays a dominant role. We show that for some products in this environment, the easy price search makes demand tremendously pricesensitive. Retailers, though, engage in obfuscation\u2014practices that frustrate consumer search or make it less damaging to firms\u2014 resulting in much less price sensitivity on some other products. We discuss several models of obfuscation and examine its effects on demand and markups empirically.\n      </p>", "This paper reports on the development of a visual search interface (called \"SearchKids\") to support children ages 5-10 years in their efforts to find animals in a hierarchical information structure. This search tool presents both the querying process and its results graphically. The quantitative study reported here focused on two questions: (1) Can children understand and use a visual hierarchical domain structure to find particular instances of animals? (2) Can children construct search queries to conduct complex searches if sufficiently supported, both visually and conceptually? The results of this study showed that children were able to search very efficiently, primarily using a \"fewest-steps\" strategy, with the SearchKids software prototype. In addition, children were able to construct search queries with a high degree of accuracy. Results are discussed in terms of the scaffolding support that SearchKids provides, and its effectiveness in helping children to search efficiently and construct complex search queries.\n      </p>", "The process by which individuals make sequential searches among choice sets prior to choosing a single item is examined. Economic search theory prescribes that such searches should be made by focusing on expectations of the maximum utility likely to be found in each set, ignoring external features of sets such as their complexity. Empirical research in psychology, however, suggests that search behavior may be highly influenced by set features, most notably a tendency to defer choices from sets that are perceived as difficult to evaluate. An experimental investigation of choice-set search reveals that stopping decisions are indeed influenced by normatively irrelevant external features of sets, but not in a way that is completely consistent with previous work on context effects. In particular, we find that individuals are likely to stop sooner in search when encountering larger versus smaller choice sets (holding their maximum utilities constant), and decisions to stop are unaffected by two traditional measures of difficulty: whether a choice set lacks dominant options and the similarity of overall utilities of options in a set. Implications of the work for the ability to generalize findings in static choice to dynamic task settings are explored.\n      </p>", "A variable neighbourhood search algorithm that employs new neighbourhoods is proposed for solving a task allocation problem whose main characteristics are: (i) each task requires a certain amount of resources and each processor has a capacity constraint which limits the total resource of the tasks that are assigned to it; (ii) the cost of solution includes fixed costs when using processors, task assignment costs, and communication costs between tasks assigned to different processors. A computational study shows that the algorithm performs well in terms of time and solution quality relative to other local search procedures that have been proposed.\n      </p>", "We find necessary and sufficient conditions for maximizing a wide class of nonlinear, nonseparable functionals under separable constraints. The crucial restriction on the functionals is that they have a Gateaux differential which is a linear functional with a kernel. The conditions obtained can be applied to a large variety of optimal search problems involving moving targets when effort is infinitely divisible in space. Moreover, the conditions have been used to construct very efficient algorithms for solving these problems. It is conjectured that these results are useful in a general class of optimization problems that extend well beyond the search theory examples presented in this paper.\n      </p>", "We study sequential search behavior in a generalized \"secretary problem\" in which a single object is to be selected from a set of n alternatives. Alternatives are inspected in a random order, one at a time, and only the rank order of the current alternative relative to the ones that have already been observed can be ascertained. At each period, the consumer may either accept the current alternative, continue to search and pay a fixed cost, or recall an alternative that has already been inspected. A recalled alternative is assumed to be available with a known probability. The consumer's goal is to select the overall best alternative from the fixed set. We describe the results of an experiment designed to test the optimal model and compare it to a behavioral decision model that incorporates local patterns of the observed sequence. Both set size and search cost are manipulated experimentally in a 2 x 2 factorial design. Our results show that cost and set size affect the amount of search in the predicted direction. However, in the two no-cost conditions subjects search too little in comparison to the optimal model, whereas in the two cost conditions they search too much. The behavioral decision rule that we propose provides a possible account for the observed pattern of the behavioral regularities.\n      </p>", "In these games the searcher has a sequence of looks in which to detect the target, while the target chooses a new cell after each look in the knowledge of what cells have been searched so far. Since time is of the essence and the searcher's speed is bounded, the target has a tendency to choose cells far away from the most recent look. A theory for such games is developed and used to approximate a game involving a dipping sonar.\n      </p>", "In Becker's (1973) neoclassical marriage market model, matching is positively assortative if types are complements: i.e., match output f(x, y) is supermodular in x and y. We reprise this famous result assuming time-intensive partner search and transferable output. We prove existence of a search equilibrium with a continuum of types, and then characterize matching. After showing that Becker's conditions on match output no longer suffice for assortative matching, we find sufficient conditions valid for any search frictions and type distribution: supermodularity not only of output f, but also of log f&lt;sub&gt;x&lt;/sub&gt; and log f&lt;sub&gt;xy&lt;/sub&gt;. Symmetric submodularity conditions imply negatively assortative matching. Examples show these conditions are necessary.\n      </p>", "The Internet search engine market has seen a proliferation of entrants over the past few years. Whereas Yahoo was the early market leader, there has been entry by both lower-quality engines and higher-quality ones (such as Google). Prior work on quality differentiation requires that low-quality products have low prices in order to survive in a market with high-quality products. However, the price charged to users of search engines is typically zero. Therefore, consumers do not face a tradeoff between quality and price. Why do lower-quality products survive in such a market? We develop a vertical differentiation model that explains this phenomenon. The quality of the results provided by a search engine is inherently stochastic, and there is no charge for using an engine. Therefore, users who try out one engine may consult a lower-quality engine in the same session. This \"residual demand\" allows lower-quality products to survive in equilibrium. We then extend our model to incorporate horizontal differentiation as well and show that residual demand leads to higher quality and less differentiation in this market. Engines want to attract competitors' customers and therefore have a strong incentive to be \"similar\" to each other.\n      </p>", "Recent advances in spatial ecology have improved our understanding of the role of large-scale animal movements. However, an unsolved problem concerns the inherent stochasticity involved in many animal search displacements and its possible adaptive value. When animals have no information about where targets (i.e., resource patches, mates, etc.) are located, different random search strategies may provide different chances to find them. Assuming random-walk models as a necessary tool to understand how animals face such environmental uncertainty, we analyze the statistical differences between two random-walk models commonly used to fit animal movement data, the L\u00e9vy walks and the correlated random walks, and we quantify their efficiencies (i.e., the number of targets found in relation to total displacement) within a random search context. Correlated random-walk properties (i.e., scale-finite correlations) may be interpreted as the by-product of locally scanning mechanisms. L\u00e9vy walks, instead, have fundamental properties (i.e., super-diffusivity and scale invariance) that allow a higher efficiency in random search scenarios. Specific biological mechanisms related to how animals punctuate their movement with sudden reorientations in a random search would be sufficient to sustain L\u00e9vy walk properties. Furthermore, we investigate a new model (the L\u00e9vy-modulated correlated random walk) that combines the properties of correlated and L\u00e9vy walks. This model shows that L\u00e9vy walk properties are robust to any behavioral mechanism providing short-range correlations in the walk. We propose that some animals may have evolved the ability of performing L\u00e9vy walks as adaptive strategies in order to face search uncertainties.\n      </p>", "This paper explores search behavior of online shoppers. Information economics literature suggests that search cost in electronic markets has essentially been reduced to zero as consumers are able to use powerful search tools, free of charge, to easily find and compare product and shopping information on the Internet. In the present research, however, we present a research model proposing that users need to spend time and effort when completing search tasks, resulting in significant search cost and a trade-off between search cost and search performance. Preliminary findings from an Internet experiment indicate that search task complexity, search engine capability, search strategy, and user experience are important factors determining search cost and performance.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we propose a reactive local search-based algorithm for the disjunctively constrained knapsack problem (DCKP). DCKP is a variant of the standard knapsack problem, an NP-hard combinatorial optimization problem, with special disjunctive constraints. A disjunctive constraint is a couple of items for which only one item is packed. The proposed algorithm is based upon a reactive local search, where an explicit check for the repetition of configurations is added to the search process. Initially, two complementary greedy procedures are applied in order to construct a starting solution. Second, a degrading procedure is introduced in order (i) to escape to local optima and (ii) to introduce a diversification in the search space. Finally, a memory list is added in order to forbid the repetition of configurations. The performance of two versions of the algorithm has been evaluated on several problem instances and compared to the results obtained by running the Cplex solver. Encouraging results have been obtained.\n      </p>", "The multi-index assignment problem (MIAP) with decomposable costs is a natural generalization of the well-known assignment problem. Applications of the MIAP arise, for instance, in the field of multi-target multi-sensor tracking. We describe an (exponentially sized) neighbourhood for a solution of the MIAP with decomposable costs, and show that one can find a best solution in this neighbourhood in polynomial time. Based on this neighbourhood, we propose a local search algorithm. We empirically test the performance of published constructive heuristics and the local search algorithm on random instances; a straightforward iterated local search algorithm is also tested. Finally, we compute lower bounds to our problem, which enable us to assess the quality of the solutions found.\n      </p>", "Direct search methods are best known as unconstrained optimization techniques that do not explicitly use derivatives. Direct search methods were formally proposed and widely applied in the 1960s but fell out of favor with the mathematical optimization community by the early 1970s because they lacked coherent mathematical analysis. Nonetheless, users remained loyal to these methods, most of which were easy to program, some of which were reliable. In the past fifteen years, these methods have seen a revival due, in part, to the appearance of mathematical analysis, as well as to interest in parallel and distributed computing. This review begins by briefly summarizing the history of direct search methods and considering the special properties of problems for which they are well suited. Our focus then turns to a broad class of methods for which we provide a unifying framework that lends itself to a variety of convergence results. The underlying principles allow generalization to handle bound constraints and linear constraints. We also discuss extensions to problems with nonlinear constraints.\n      </p>", "We give two general convergence proofs for random search algorithms. We review the literature and show how our results extend those available for specific variants of the conceptual algorithm studied here. We then exploit the convergence results to examine convergence rates and to actually design implementable methods. Finally we report on some computational experience.\n      </p>", "This paper deals with the inverse problem of inferring the position of an electrically grounded conductor D from a single measurement of electric field (Cauchy data) on the boundary of a smooth domain \u03a9 \u2282 Rn, n = 2, 3, that contains D\u0304. We present new simple and real time algorithms for locating D with a rigorous mathematical verification. These location search techniques use a special property of the surface charge density of the electrically grounded conductor. The computations in these location search methods are very simple, so that the location of a moving grounded conductor can be detected in a instant even in three dimensions.\n      </p>", "In the last few decades, evolutionary algorithms have emerged as a revolutionary approach for solving search and optimization problems involving multiple conflicting objectives. Beyond their ability to search intractably large spaces for multiple solutions, these algorithms are able to maintain a diverse population of solutions and exploit similarities of solutions by recombination. However, existing theory and numerical experiments have demonstrated that it is impossible to develop a single algorithm for population evolution that is always efficient for a diverse set of optimization problems. Here we show that significant improvements in the efficiency of evolutionary search can be achieved by running multiple optimization algorithms simultaneously using new concepts of global information sharing and genetically adaptive offspring creation. We call this approach a multialgorithm, genetically adaptive multiobjective, or AMALGAM, method, to evoke the image of a procedure that merges the strengths of different optimization algorithms. Benchmark results using a set of well known multiobjective test problems show that AMALGAM approaches a factor of 10 improvement over current optimization algorithms for the more complex, higher dimensional problems. The AMALGAM method provides new opportunities for solving previously intractable optimization problems.\n      </p>", "We develop a search procedure for project scheduling problems with multiple resource constraints as well as precedence constraints. The procedure is applied to three popular search heuristics, simulated annealing, tabu search and genetic algorithms. In the heuristics, a solution is represented with a string of numbers each of which denotes priority of each activity. The priorities are used to select an activity for scheduling among competing ones. The search heuristics with this encoding method can always generate feasible neighbourhood solutions for a given solution. Moreover, this encoding method is very flexible in that problems with objective functions of a general functional form (such as a nonlinear function) and complex constraints can be considered without much difficulty. Results of computational tests on the performance of the search heuristics showed that the search heuristics, especially the simulated annealing and tabu search algorithms worked better than existing heuristics.\n      </p>", "The task of searching for the best element or a good element in a large set P is central to many problems in artificial intelligence and related fields. Often, heuristic information is used to reduce the scope of the search; however, in many instances, this information carries no guarantee of good performance. This article begins with an arbitrary heuristic search procedure and supplies it with a confidence statement of the following form: With specified high probability \u03b2, the output of the confidence procedure will be among the best 100\u03b1% of the elements of P. The confidence procedure will report either the outcome of the heuristic search or a better alternative with the required properties; that is, it will either certify that the heuristic answer has the desired confidence property or it will produce a better answer having the property. The approach involves combining heuristic search with a form of heuristic sampling that tends to sample the better elements of P. The sample is designed in such a way that the best element in the sample has the desired confidence property--if the answer produced by the heuristic search is better still, it inherits the confidence property. Various devices permit the sampling procedure to retain its confidence property while (1) moving the sample in the direction suggested by the heuristic, (2) adjusting the heuristic preference in response to what is learned during sampling, and (3) reorganizing the sampling whenever promising discoveries are made by chance.\n      </p>", "This paper examines post-migration investments in schooling and job search of immigrant families using new longitudinal data for Australia. Higher education levels at the time of arrival are associated with a greater probability of enrolling in school after migration. In households where the visa category would suggest that post-migration investments might be important, we find higher rates of school enrolment and job search. Traditional gender roles appear to dictate which partner makes the investments in formal schooling. However, labour market advantage, captured by principal applicant status, appears to dictate which partner makes greater investments in job search.\n      </p>", "Two standard results of previous bargaining models state that delay is generally not expected to occur under complete information, and bargaining outcome depends crucially on the bargainers' intrinsic characteristics that determine their reservation prices, and, in general, bargainers with \"better\" reservation prices tend to get better outcomes. This paper considers a bilateral bargaining problem with complete information in which one of the bargainers, the buyer, is allowed to search while bargaining. More importantly, we assume that the buyer is allowed to recall past outside offers. We find that, quite contrary to the standard results of previous complete information bargaining models, complete information renders no guarantee for immediate resolution of bargaining, and the effect of changing the buyer's search cost on each player's bargaining outcome is unpredictable. The major driving force of these two results is the assumption that the buyer can recall past outside offers.\n      </p>", "This paper deals with the size of the spanning tree of p randomly chosen nodes in a binary search tree. It is shown via generating functions methods, that for fixed p, the (normalized) spanning tree size converges in law to the Normal distribution. The special case p = 2 reproves the recent result (obtained by the contraction method by Mahmoud and Neininger [Ann. Appl. Probab. 13 (2003) 253-276]), that the distribution of distances in random binary search trees has a Gaussian limit law. In the proof we use the fact that the spanning tree size is closely related to the number of passes in Multiple Quickselect. This parameter, in particular, its first two moments, was studied earlier by Panholzer and Prodinger [Random Structures Algorithms 13 (1998) 189-209]. Here we show also that this normalized parameter has, for fixed p-order statistics a Gaussian limit law. For p = 1 this gives the well-known result that the depth of a randomly selected node in a random binary search tree converges in law to the Normal distribution.\n      </p>", "With the recent advent of widespread, cheap, reliable, and easy access to the Internet via the World Wide Web, information-processing is moving away from an expensive, document-based, paper-oriented approach to a faster, cheaper, electronic, Internet-based approach. Electronic commerce on the Internet is increasing at an explosive rate. Nonetheless, the spread of E-commerce is hindered by the Web's huge and diffusive extent, its distributed and heterogeneous markets, and the heavy user load entailed in finding and purchasing products. As the amount of electronic data increases, it becomes burdensome for users to find what they want. There are many search systems designed to solve these problems, but none is able to adapt and filter information for the individual user. The authors have designed a new product-finding agent named I-SEE (Intelligent SEarching AgEnt for Electronic Commerce). It is an autonomous product-finding and -filtering system that supports users from requirement acquisition to supplying specific product information.\n      </p>", "A set of object to be searched is represented by a set of points lying in an interval of integers. We wish to identify these points within unit-intervals through a dichotomous search, minimizing the expected cost of the search. The optimal search strategy may depend on the information gained at each stage of the search. It is shown here that for some cases there exists a common optimal strategy. This strategy is generally different from the bisection procedure, and is independent of the number of objects in the interval. As a matter of fact, at each stage of the search a partition of the interval is given and the only information needed for searching a subinterval of this parition is that it still contains an unidentified point.\n      </p>", "Buyers using search engines to look for information tend to trust and follow links displayed in the editorial section of the search-results page. Most on-line sellers, however, do not invest in search engine optimization (SEO) to get higher search-results rankings for their listings, but instead prefer paid placements. They explain that SEO is more expensive than paid placements, produces results that do not justify its cost, and does not consistently lead to high search-results rankings. This implies that sellers would invest in SEO if it were less expensive and its rankings were more consistent. However, even if SEO and paid placement cost the same, and SEO always produced high rankings, paid placement would still be the search engine marketing (SEM) strategy of choice for most on-line sellers. Interestingly, no optimal SEM strategy includes SEO. These findings are especially significant for advertising professionals who have to justify investing in paid placements despite overwhelming evidence that buyers ignore them and follow links in the editorial section of the search-results page.\n      </p>", "This paper discusses an approach to search planning in which the planner blends subjective and objective methods and produces plans that are a compromise between theoretical optimality and operational feasibility.\n      </p>", "This paper presents an empirically derived formula for computing the threshold contrast C for visually detecting distant objects in search situations. The threshold contrast is the value of contrast that produces detection probability 1/2 on a single glimpse of about 1/3 to 1 second in duration. The formula allows one to compute C as a function of background luminance, target angular area A, and an empirically determined constant K. For small A, the formula reduces to Ricco's law, which says that the threshold constrast C, and Area A, are directly proportional for small values of A. The limiting threshold contrast is determined by K. Results of fitting this formula to a set of observational data are shown. The formula provides a useful approximation for determining detection capability for planning visual searches.\n      </p>", "In this paper search heuristics are developed for generic sequencing problems with emphasis on job shop scheduling. The proposed methods integrate problem specific heuristics common to Operations Research and local search approaches from Artificial Intelligence in order to obtain desirable properties from both. The applicability of local search to a wide range of problems, and the incorporation of problem-specific information are both properties of the proposed algorithms. Two methods are proposed, both of which are based on novel definitions of solution spaces and of neighborhoods in these spaces. Applications of the proposed methodology are developed for job shop scheduling problems, and can be easily applied with any scheduling objective. To demonstrate effectiveness, the method is tested on the job shop scheduling problem with the minimum makespan objective. Encouraging results are obtained.\n      </p>", "A large variety of predatory species rely on their visual abilities to locate their prey. However, the search for prey may be hampered by prey camouflage. The most prominent example of concealing coloration is background-matching prey coloration characterized by a strong visual resemblance of prey to the background. Even though this principle of camouflage was recognized to efficiently work in predator avoidance a long time ago, the underlying mechanisms are not very well known. In this study, we assessed whether blue tits (Cyanistes caeruleus) use chromatic cues in the search for prey. We used two prey types that were achromatically identical but differed in chromatic properties in the UV/blue range and presented them on two achromatically identical backgrounds. The backgrounds had either the same chromatic properties as the prey items (matching combination) or differed in their chromatic properties (mismatching combination). Our results show that birds use chromatic cues in the search for mismatching prey, whereupon chromatic contrast leads to a 'pop-out' of the prey item from the background. When prey was presented on a matching background, search times were significantly higher. Interestingly, search for more chromatic prey on the matching background was easier than search for less chromatic prey on the matching background. Our results indicate that birds use both achromatic and chromatic cues when searching for prey, and that the combination of both cues might be helpful in the search task.\n      </p>", "It is shown that a variety of sequential optimization problems can be expressed as special cases of an elementary search model.\n      </p>", "In the capacitated p-median problem with single source constraint, also known as the capacitated clustering problem, a given set of n weighted points is to be partitioned into p clusters such that the total weight of the points in each cluster does not exceed a given cluster capacity. The objective is to find a set of p centres that minimizes the total scatter of points allocated to these clusters. In this paper, a (\u03bb, \u03bc)-interchange neighbourhood based on the concept of \u03bb-interchange of points restricted to \u03bc-adjacent clusters is proposed. Structural properties of centres are identified and exploited to derive special data structures for their efficient evaluations. Different search and selection strategies including the variable neighbourhood search descent with respect to \u03bc-nearest points are investigated. The most efficient strategies are then embedded in a guided construction search metaheuristic framework based either on a periodic local search procedure or a greedy random adaptive search procedure to solve the problem. Computational experience is reported on a standard set of benchmarks. The computational experience demonstrates the competitive performance of the proposed algorithms when compared to the best-known procedures in the literature in terms of solution quality and computational requirement.\n      </p>", "We examine how entrepreneurs can search deliberately for discoveries. We use consideration sets to impose constraints on how and where they search. A consideration set is a promising set of information channels, which entrepreneurs can select and search based on prior knowledge. To decide how to search the channels in a consideration set, we apply existing mathematical formalism to illustrate a maximal search sequence. Because there is some probability that a search sequence could continue indefinitely, we determine stopping rules. We argue that entrepreneurial search is more feasible within a consideration set than it is in the rest of the world.\n      </p>", "This paper considers rational methods for the design of search patterns when the intended target is among Poisson-distributed false contacts. Attention is restricted to situations in which the searcher must immediately decide, based on sensed information, whether a contact is the intended target and, if the answer is yes, end the search and commit to the contact. Discrimination of false contact from target is modeled as reliable only with given probabilities. This research seeks to maximize the probability of finding the intended target in a fixed time. Most of the paper addresses an optimal search trajectory when intended target and false contacts move according to Markov processes. The searcher's velocity is taken as the control, and it is assumed that his speed is limited and his initial position is given. It is proved that an optimal control exists in the space L&lt;sub&gt;\u221e&lt;/sub&gt;. A set of necessary conditions for the optimal control is derived: a maximum principle in the form of a two-point boundary value problem in both ordinary and partial differential equations. A computer algorithm is outlined that uses the necessary conditions as a guide to iteratively improve a supplied initial trajectory. The paper also derives closed-form expressions for the probability of finding an intended target in R&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt; when target and false contacts are stationary and detection is modeled as definite, i.e., detection probability either 0 or 1 and under complete control of the searcher out to a fixed distance. Various search patterns are evaluated.\n      </p>", "This paper deals with the classic flow-shop scheduling problem with the make-span criterion. Some new properties of the problem associated with the so-called blocks have been presented and discussed. The properties allow us to skip some non-perspective solutions during the search of the solution space. Applied to local search algorithms, they result in a significant reduction of neighbourhood size and quickly direct the search trajectory to promising regions of the solution space. The implementation of the proposed properties in a tabu search algorithm is also presented. Computational experiments (up to 500 jobs and 20 machines) are given and compared with the results yielded by the best known algorithms.\n      </p>", "The rendezvous-search problem was posed by the author 25 years ago. In its basic form, it asks how two unit speed players can find each other in least expected time, when randomly placed in a known dark region. The problem received little attention until about 10 years ago. This article surveys the rapid progress that has been made since then, and also presents some new results.\n      </p>", "Trained domestic dogs are noted for their use in finding and identifying people, wildlife, and spoor. Given the importance of scent-dog use, it is unfortunate that the limits of their capabilities remain unidentified. I measured the ability of 7 search dogs to find a person wearing scent-adsorbing clothing in order to investigate both the dogs' abilities and the effectiveness of the garments. Scent-adsorbing clothing, which manufactures claim prevents game from detecting human odors, is primarily marketed to hunters and may be useful for wildlife professionals attempting to surreptitiously monitor wild animals. Based on 42 trials (21 treatment and 21 control), I concluded that scent-adsorbing suits had little effect on dog capability. However, environmental factors such as wind variability negatively correlated with dogs' ability to find subjects quickly. This information suggests that odor-adsorbing suits may not keep animals from detecting humans through olfaction and thus may provide little benefit to wildlife observers. Scientists and dog handlers should understand the influence of weather conditions, especially wind variability, on research or search operations.\n      </p>", "This paper shows that solving the optimal whereabouts search problem for a moving target is equivalent to solving a finite number of optimal detection problems for moving targets. This generalizes the result of Kadane [1971] for stationary targets.\n      </p>", "This paper is concerned with the development of a customized circle packing algorithm for a manufacturer of sprockets for the motor cycle industry. Practical constraints mean that the problem differs somewhat from those tackled elsewhere in the literature. In particular, the layouts need to conform to a given structure. This is achieved by using a local search algorithm with an appropriate starting solution and a series of neighbourhoods designed to preserve the layout structure. Empirical evidence based on real data shows that the quality of the resulting solutions closely matches that of cutting patterns currently produced by human experts. Computation times average around 20-30s per order as compared to several hours for an equivalent manual solution.\n      </p>", "Forty-nine books and articles published during the last 140 years give two dozen different figures for the number of expeditions that participated in the search for Sir John Franklin (1847-59). The figures range widely, from 17 to more than 70. According to the classification of expeditions presented here, 20 search expeditions, 11 supply expeditions, and one relief expedition (a total of 32) were directly involved in the Arctic search, and four bi-purpose expeditions contributed in some way, making a total of 36. Three aborted search expeditions failed to reach the Arctic. /// Quarante-neuf livres et articles publi\u00e9s au cours des derniers 140 ans donnent une vingtaine de chiffres diff\u00e9rents pour le nombre d'exp\u00e9ditions ayant particip\u00e9 \u00e0 la recherche de sir John Franklin (1847-59). Les chiffres varient tr\u00e8s largement, allant de 17 \u00e0 plus de 70. Selon la classification des exp\u00e9ditions pr\u00e9sent\u00e9es ici, 20 exp\u00e9ditions de recherche, 11 exp\u00e9ditions de ravitaillement et une exp\u00e9dition de rel\u00e8ve (total de 32) sont intervenues directement dans la recherche effectu\u00e9e dans l'Arctique, et quatre autres exp\u00e9ditions \u00e0 double mandat y ont \u00e9galement particip\u00e9 d'une mani\u00e8re ou d'une autre, ce qui fait un total de 36. Trois exp\u00e9ditions de recherche interrompues n'ont pas r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 atteindre l'Arctique.\n      </p>", "We solve for the equilibrium dynamics of information sharing in a large population. Each agent is endowed with signals regarding the likely outcome of a random variable of common concern. Individuals choose the effort with which they search for others from whom they can gather additional information. When two agents meet, they share their information. The information gathered is further shared at subsequent meetings, and so on. Equilibria exist in which agents search maximally until they acquire sufficient information precision and then search minimally. A tax whose proceeds are used to subsidize the costs of search improves information sharing and can, in some cases, increase welfare. On the other hand, endowing agents with public signals reduces information sharing and can, in some cases, decrease welfare.\n      </p>", "We introduce ex ante heterogeneity into the Berentsen, Molico, and Wright monetary search model with lotteries. We show that their three main results regarding lotteries do not survive this modification of the environment.\n      </p>", "We analyze steady state equilibrium of the circular flow of money and goods in a continuous time model with infinitely lived agents. Workers sell their endowments of labor on a Walrasian labor market. Labor is used in production, the output of which flows into inventories. Capitalists consume directly out of their own inventories and use remaining inventories in a retail market. The retail market is characterized by random sequential search with prices set by capitalists on a take-it or leave-it basis. Workers thus receive a continuous flow of wages and spend money in discrete jumps at times set by a Poisson process. The equilibrium distribution of money holdings is the asymptotic steady state of this stochastic process. The economy has a unique uniform price steady state equilibrium. The more rapid the search process in the retail market the higher the absolute retail price and wage, and the higher the real wage. The instantaneous effect of an equal per capita infusion of money is to raise the price, wage, real wage, and transactions rate. The immediate post-infusion price and wage can overshoot their new asymptotic values.\n      </p>", "Little is known about how cryptic colouration influences prey search in near-surface aquatic habitats, although such knowledge is critical for understanding the adaptive value of colour crypsis as well as the perceptive constraints influencing foraging behaviour in these environments. This study had two main aims: (1) to investigate how background colour matching by prey affects foraging efficiency by brown trout parr and (2) to investigate how foraging ability on cryptic and conspicuous prey is affected by fish size at age (reflecting dominance). We addressed these questions by training wild brown trout parr to forage individually on live brown-coloured maggots on a cryptic (brown) or conspicuous (green) background. A separate experiment confirmed the absence of trout preference for brown or green substrate. The results show that prey background colour matching increases search time in brown trout. Search time generally decreased by learning, but conspicuous prey remained an easier prey to find throughout the six training trials. Thus, perceptive constraints appear to limit search efficiency for cryptic prey, suggesting that cryptic colouration can confer survival benefits to prey in natural environments. Smaller fish generally found conspicuous prey faster than larger individuals, whereas search time for cryptic prey was not influenced by body size. This suggests that smaller individuals compensate for inferior competitive ability by increasing foraging activity rather than improving cognitive ability. The technique of varying cognitive demands in behavioural tasks could be used more in future studies aimed at distinguishing motivational effects from cognitive explanations for variation in behavioural performance.\n      </p>", "Price promotions are pervasive in grocery markets. A household can respond to price promotions by effectively cherry-picking through (1) spatial price search across stores and (2) temporal price search across time. However, extant research has analyzed these two dimensions of price search only separately and therefore underestimates both the consumer response to price promotions and the impact of promotions on retail profit. In this article, the authors introduce an integrated analysis of spatial and temporal price search. They seek answers to three questions: First, what are the predictors of household decisions to perform either spatial or temporal price search? Second, how effective are the temporal, spatial, and spatiotemporal price search strategies in obtaining lower prices? and Third, what is the impact of alternative price search strategies on retailer profit? The authors use a unique data collection approach that combines household surveys with observed purchase data to address these questions. Their key results are as follows: Geography (the spatial configuration of store and household locations) and opportunity costs are useful predictors of a household's price search pattern. Households that claim to search spatiotemporally avail approximately three-quarters of the available savings on average. Households that search only temporally save about the same as those that search only spatially. The negative effect of cherry-picking on retailer profits is not as high as is typically believed.\n      </p>", "Like many of his contemporaries, Lieutenant Bedford Pirn, of the Royal Navy, believed in the existence of an \"open polar sea\" beyond a zone of coastal ice around the margins of the Arctic Ocean. On the basis of this, in fall 1851 he postulated that Sir John Franklin's expedition had sailed north through Wellington Channel and then set a course across the \"Polar Sea\" directly for Bering Strait, but had then become entangled in an ice-bound chain of islands extending from what are now the Canadian Arctic Islands to the vicinity of Ostrov Vrangel'ya. Having been refused Admiralty approval for his plan to mount a small overland expedition to Chukotka, from whence he proposed to push north across the sea ice in search of Franklin's ships, Pirn was able to gain the support of Lady Franklin and the Royal Geographical Society. He travelled to St. Petersburg in December 1851 but after considerable delay was refused permission by the Russian authorities to proceed farther east. The main stated reason for this refusal was that the Russians had somehow translated Pirn's plans for a small expedition of two or three men into an operation that would necessitate 1200-1500 sledge dogs; it was anticipated that such an operation would seriously disrupt the economy of the Kolyma basin and cause real hardship to the local people. One can only speculate as to the reasons for the lack of Russian cooperation; one suspects, on the basis of Pirn's own account, that the tone of his remarks to the tsar during a personal audience and the implied lack of confidence in the tsar's commitment to arrange for a search to be mounted along the arctic coasts of Siberia for wreckage or survivors from the Franklin expedition may have contributed significantly to the rejection of his proposal. /// Comme bien de ses contemporains, le lieutenant Bedford Pirn de la Royal Navy, croyait \u00e0 l'existence d'une mer polaire ouverte, au-del\u00e0 d'une zone de glace c\u00f4ti\u00e8re bordant l'oc\u00e9an Arctique. Fort de cette croyance, \u00e0 l'automne de 1851, il \u00e9mit l'hypoth\u00e8se que l'exp\u00e9dition de sir John Franklin avait navigu\u00e9 en direction du nord par le d\u00e9troit de Wellington, mettant ensuite directement le cap \u00e0 travers la mer polaire sur le d\u00e9troit de Bering, mais qu'elle s'\u00e9tait fourvoy\u00e9e dans une cha\u00eene d'\u00eeles prises par les glaces allant de ce qui est maintenant l'archipel Arctique jusqu'aux environs de l'\u00eele Vrangel. Apr\u00e8s s'\u00eatre vu refuser l'autorisation de l'Amiraut\u00e9 pour mettre \u00e0 ex\u00e9cution son plan consistant \u00e0 monter une exp\u00e9dition par terre de petite envergure vers Chukotka \u2014 d'o\u00f9 il comptait pousser plus au nord \u00e0 travers la banquise \u00e0 la recherche des navires de Franklin \u2014, Pim parvint \u00e0 gagner l'appui de Lady Franklin et de la Royal Geographical Society. En d\u00e9cembre 1851, il se rendit \u00e0 Saint-P\u00e9tersbourg, o\u00f9, apr\u00e8s une tr\u00e8s longue attente, il se vit refuser par les autorit\u00e9s russes l'autorisation de pousser plus \u00e0 l'est. La principale raison invoqu\u00e9e pour ce refus tenait \u00e0 l'envergure de l'exp\u00e9dition: les Russes, d'une mani\u00e8re ou d'une autre, avaient mal interpr\u00e9t\u00e9 les plans de Pim, et de deux ou trois hommes qu'elle devait comporter au d\u00e9part, l'exp\u00e9dition \u00e9tait devenue une op\u00e9ration majeure n\u00e9cessitant de 1200 \u00e0 1500 chiens de tra\u00eeneau; les Russes pensaient qu'une op\u00e9ration de ce genre bouleverserait l'\u00e9conomie du bassin de la Kolyma et constituerait une perturbation importante pour les habitants. On ne peut que sp\u00e9culer quant aux v\u00e9ritables raisons du manque de coop\u00e9ration russe, et il est permis de penser, \u00e0 la lumi\u00e8re du r\u00e9cit de Pim m\u00eame, que le ton des remarques adress\u00e9es au tsar en audience priv\u00e9e, ainsi que le manque de confiance qui en ressort vis-\u00e0-vis de l'engagement du tsar \u00e0 autoriser des recherches le long des c\u00f4tes arctiques de Sib\u00e9rie en vue de trouver des traces des survivants de l'exp\u00e9dition Franklin, peuvent avoir contribu\u00e9 de fa\u00e7on significative au rejet de sa proposition.\n      </p>", "We are given a two-state system that starts in state 0, ends in state 1, and makes a single transition from state 0 to state 1 during N periods. If the system is in state 0, it moves to state 1 in the next period with a known positive time-independent probability. Once it reaches state 1, it remains there. By observing the state of the system at some intermediate period, we can learn whether this transition occurred earlier or not. An optimal search strategy minimizes the expected number of observations needed to locate the exact transition time. In this paper we show how to compute efficiently and how to approximate the optimal strategy. Applications to the problem arise in the areas of quality control and maintenance of communication and supply lines.\n      </p>", "We examine how and why elements of organizational design depend on one another. An agent-based simulation allows us to model three design elements and two contextual variables that have rarely been analyzed jointly: a vertical hierarchy that reviews proposals from subordinates, an incentive system that rewards subordinates for departmental or firm-wide performance, the decomposition of an organization's many decisions into departments, the underlying pattern of interactions among decisions, and limits on the ability of managers to process information. Interdependencies arise among these features because of a basic, general tension. To be successful, an organization must broadly search for good sets of decisions, but it must also stabilize around good decisions once discovered. An effective organization balances search and stability. We identify sets of design elements that encourage broad search and others that promote stability. The adoption of elements that encourage broad search typically raises the marginal benefit of other elements that provide offsetting stability. Hence, the need to balance search and stability generates interdependencies among the design elements. We pay special attention to interdependencies that involve the vertical hierarchy. Our findings confirm many aspects of conventional wisdom about vertical hierarchies, but challenge or put boundary conditions on others. We place limits, for instance, on the received wisdom that firm-wide incentives and capable subordinates make top-level oversight less valuable. We also identify circumstances in which vertical hierarchies can lead to inferior long-term performance.\n      </p>", "Consumer external search continues to be a fruitful research area. The bivariate relationships between a number of variables and the central construct, amount of information search, have been proposed, theorized, and empirically tested in the literature. This paper extensively examines the current status and importance of consumer information search with close attention on empirical findings on the subject. While some research findings converge on the bivariate relationship between some variables and amount of information search, e.g., a positive relationship between perceived risk and search effort, some studies found conflicting results on the relationship between other variables and the central construct. There are also some non-linear relationships found between a few variables such as experience and the degree of search. Some hypotheses are also proposed and discussed.\n      </p>", "A large body of work argues that scientific research increases the rate of technological advance, and with it economic growth. The precise mechanism through which science accelerates the rate of invention, however, remains an open question. Conceptualizing invention as a combinatorial search process, this paper argues that science alters inventors' search processes, by leading them more directly to useful combinations, eliminating fruitless paths of research, and motivating them to continue even in the face of negative feedback. These mechanisms prove most useful when inventors attempt to combine highly coupled components; therefore, the value of scientific research to invention varies systematically across applications. Empirical analyses of patent data support this thesis.\n      </p>", "According to the LATER model (linear approach to thresholds with ergodic rate), the latency of a single saccade in response to target appearance can be understood as a decision process, which is subject to (i) variations in the rate of (visual) information processing; and (ii) the threshold for the decision. We tested whether the LATER model can also be applied to the sequences of saccades in a multiple fixation search, during which latencies of second and subsequent saccades are typically shorter than that of the initial saccade. We found that the distributions of the reciprocal latencies for later saccades, unlike those of the first saccade, are highly asymmetrical, much like a gamma distribution. This suggests that the normal distribution of the rate r, which the LATER model assumes, is not appropriate to describe the rate distributions of subsequent saccades in a scanning sequence. By contrast, the gamma distribution is also appropriate to describe the distribution of reciprocal latencies for the first saccade. The change of the gamma distribution parameters as a function of the ordinal number of the saccade suggests a lowering of the threshold for second and later saccades, as well as a reduction in the number of target elements analysed.\n      </p>", "A target is assumed to move according to a Wiener process in R1. The probability of detecting the target is computed in terms of the search effort which accumulates along the target's path. Under certain independence assumptions this probability is given by the expectation of an exponential functional of the process. It is shown in this note that the failure probability in a search for a Wiener target is asymptotically proportional to T-1/2, where T is the accumulated time spent searching. The asymptotic failure probability is also shown to be independent of the position of the search in R1. In a similar fashion, it is shown that the failure probability in a search for a Wiener target in R2 is independent of the position of the search and asymptotically proportional to $(c \\,\\log T + 1)^{-1}, \\,c &gt; 0$\n      </p>", "Advances in online technologies and bandwidth availability have opened new vistas for online distribution of digital goods, but potential benefits for consumers are juxtaposed against challenges for retailers. Here, we investigate one type of digital experience good\u2014music\u2014whose market environment includes the very real presence of online piracy. Although arguments abound for and against online distribution of such digital goods, little research exists in this area. We develop a model of consumer search for such an experience good, and study different emerging market environments for retailers, where consumers can pirate music online. Retailer cost to publishers is modeled using a variety of licensing schemas. Survey results, together with data from online sharing networks, are utilized to validate a key assumption. Finally, computational analysis is used to develop insights that cannot be obtained analytically. Our results indicate that decreasing piracy is not necessarily equivalent to increasing profit, and online selling strategies can provide additional profits for a traditional retailer even in the presence of piracy. We show that leading strategies for business in such goods should include pricing options, provision of efficient search tools, and new licensing structures.\n      </p>", "Suppose one object is hidden in one of n boxes according to a known probability distribution p(1),...,p(n). The boxes are to be searched sequentially. The probability of overlooking the object if we search box k and if the object is in box k is denoted by q(k). The cost of a search of box k amounts to c(k). If we decide to search box k directly after box k\u2032 we have to pay some extra cost called switch cost: T(k\u2032, k). The problem is-under some reasonable assumptions-to construct a strategy with minimal expected cost. If T \u2261 0 the problem has a well-known solution. Unfortunately there are many reasons which establish the conjecture that there does not exist an easy construction rule for optimal strategies in the general case. We give necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of optimal strategies which are ultimately periodic (u.p.). Since we state bounds on the length not only of the transient phase but also of the period of optimal u.p. strategies we may construct these optimal strategies by comparing finitely many strategies (if optimal u.p. strategies exist). We prove some other results to reduce the number of strategies which we have to compare. At last we present a numerical example.\n      </p>", "We consider a game in which one player hides a ball in one of n boxes and the other player is allowed to search for it. There are known probabilities that the searcher will overlook the ball if he searches the correct box. The hider wishes to minimize and the searcher to maximize the probability that the ball will be found in m or fewer searches. We exhibit a procedure which allows efficient computation of optimal strategies for both players without solving the game as a linear program. The results are extended to a non-zero-sum game where the searcher's objective is to minimize the expected time until the ball is found.\n      </p>", "Information systems can serve as intermediaries between the buyers and the sellers in a market, creating an \"electronic marketplace\" that lowers the buyers' cost to acquire information about seller prices and product offerings. As a result, electronic marketplaces reduce the inefficiencies caused by buyer search costs, in the process reducing the ability of sellers to extract monopolistic profits while increasing the ability of markets to optimally allocate productive resources. This article models the role of buyer search costs in markets with differentiated product offerings. The impact of reducing these search costs is analyzed in the context of an electronic marketplace, and the allocational efficiencies such a reduction can bring to a differentiated market are formalized. The resulting implications for the incentives of buyers, sellers, and independent intermediaries to invest in electronic marketplaces are explored. Finally, the possibility to separate price information from product attribute information is introduced, and the implications of designing markets promoting competition along each of these dimensions are discussed.\n      </p>", "ms to reverse unenlightened prejudices which have resulted from the lack of intellectual improvement of the people of Ireland.  This publication strives to reach a mass audience in order to promote independent thinking and discussion, free from the influence of the Catholic Church.  The journal commits itself to examining political and theological issues without prejudice or bias.  The majority of articles relate to matters of religion and politics and there are notable articles regarding education which challenge the traditional role of the Catholic Church in the daily lives of Irish people.  In addition, there are regular articles discussing agriculture in Ireland and some poetry is also included.  This journal would be of interest to scholars of religion in nineteenth century Ireland and also those researching Irish history and politics during this period.</p>\n\t", "ms to reverse unenlightened prejudices which have resulted from the lack of intellectual improvement of the people of Ireland.  This publication strives to reach a mass audience in order to promote independent thinking and discussion, free from the influence of the Catholic Church.  The journal commits itself to examining political and theological issues without prejudice or bias.  The majority of articles relate to matters of religion and politics and there are notable articles regarding education which challenge the traditional role of the Catholic Church in the daily lives of Irish people.  In addition, there are regular articles discussing agriculture in Ireland and some poetry is also included.  This journal would be of interest to scholars of religion in nineteenth century Ireland and also those researching Irish history and politics during this period.</p>\n\t", "", "The objective of this article is to examine the impact of a new competitive entry on online consumer search behavior. The authors use store visitation as a measure of online search and decompose a shopper's tendency to search a given Web site into a baseline search preference for that site and an inertial effect of visiting that site. They find that inertia is an important driver in search behavior and is easily disrupted by a new competitive entry. This is a new and significant finding that contributes to the competitive entry literature. The authors develop a Bayesian model of search that separates the role of baseline search preference and inertia on store visitation and captures the effect of a new competitive entry. They apply this model to Internet clickstream data for the online bookstore market, in which they focus on the entry of Borders.com in 1998.\n      </p>", "Efficient algorithms are availabe to solve the unconstrained assignment problem. However, when resource or budgetary restrictions are imposed, the problem becomes difficult to solve. We consider such a resource-constrained assignment problem and present a tabu search heuristic to solve it. Extensive computational results are presented which establish the superiority of the proposed algorithm over the existing algorithms. Our adaptation of tabu search uses strategic oscillation, randomized short-term memory and multiple start as a means of search diversification.\n      </p>", "We propose a bootstrap-based method for enhancing a search through a space of models. The technique is well suited to complex, adaptively fitted models--it provides a convenient method for finding better local minima and for resistant fitting. Applications to regression, classification, and density estimation are described. We also provide results on the asymptotic behavior of bumping estimates.\n      </p>", "We propose and study an iterative Forward And Backward (FAB) algorithm applicable to the problem of computing optimal search plans when the target's motion is modeled by a discrete space and time Markov chain. This paper generalizes the class of objective functions to which the method applies.\n      </p>", "An agent (who may or may not want to be found) is located in one of two boxes. At time 0 suppose that he is in box B. With probability p he wishes to be found, in which case he has been asked to stay in box B. With probability 1 - p he tries to evade the searcher, in which case he may move between boxes A and B. The searcher looks into one of the boxes at times 1, 2, 3,.... Between each search the agent may change boxes if he wants. The searcher is trying to minimise the expected time to discovery. The agent is trying to minimise this time if he wants to be found, but trying to maximise it otherwise. This paper finds a solution to this game (in a sense defined in the paper), associated strategies for the searcher and each type of agent, and a continuous value function v(p) giving the expected time for the agent to be discovered. The solution method (which is to solve an associated zero-sum game) would apply generally to this type of game of incomplete information.\n      </p>", "The structural theoretical framework for the analysis of duration of unemployment has been the optimal job search model. Recent advances in computational techniques in Bayesian inference now facilitate the analysis of incomplete data sets and the recovery of structural model parameters. The paper uses these methods on a UK data set of the long-term unemployed to illustrate how the optimal job search model can be adapted to model the effects of an active labour market policy. Without such: an adaptation our conclusion is that the simple optimal job search model may not fit empirical unemployment data and could thus lead to a misspecified econometric model and incorrect parameter estimates.\n      </p>", "Several two-stage choice models (consideration stage plus choice stage) have been proposed in the marketing literature. We extend this literature by developing a more general model that incorporates how consumer search influences the degree to which they consider various brands. To test the validity and value of our model, we operationalized it with data obtained from Peapod, an online grocer, where we tracked consumers' search processes. We demonstrate that our model performs better than competing models on all the key criteria. New choice models, such as the ones proposed here, are necessary for deriving managerially relevant understanding of choice behavior in online markets. Our empirical results suggest that consumers search both their internal memory and external information at the store to determine the degree to which they consider various brands. Consumers are also heterogeneous with respect to their capability to process external information. For some consumers, external information search dramatically increases the degree to which they consider various brands; but, for others, it has little impact on their consideration. We also find that certain features (e.g., personal lists) reduce consideration set sizes, whereas other features (e.g., sort) increase consideration set sizes.\n      </p>", "We offer an econometric framework that models consumer's consideration set formation as an outcome of her costly information search behavior. Because frequently purchased products are characterized by frequent price promotions of varying depths of discounts, a consumer faces significant uncertainty about the prices of the brands. The consumers engage in a fixed-sample search strategy that results in their discovering the posted prices of a subset of the available brands. This subset is referred to as the consumer's \"consideration set.\" The proposed model is estimated using the scanner data set for liquid detergents. Our key empirical results are: (i) consumers zincur significant search costs to discover the posted prices of the brands; (ii) whereas in-store displays and feature ads do not influence consumers' quality perceptions of the brands, they significantly reduce search costs for observing the prices of the brands; (iii) per capita income of consumer's household significantly increases her search costs; and (iv) the consumers' price sensitivity is seriously underestimated if we were to assume that consumers get to know all the posted prices at zero cost. The proposed model is also estimated for the ketchup category to enable us to do cross-category comparisons of consumers' price search behavior.\n      </p>", "In the min-max loop layout problem, machines are to be arranged around a loop of conveyor belt. The ordering of the machines dictates the number of circuits of the conveyor belt required to manufacture each of several products. The goal is to find an ordering of the machines that minimises the maximum number of circuits required for the manufacture of any of the products. Since the problem is strongly NP-hard, the study of heuristic methods is of interest. This paper proposes iterated descent and tabu search algorithms, and a randomised insertion algorithm. Results of extensive computational tests show that all of our algorithms outperform a previously known algorithm that applies a greedy heuristic to the solution of a linear programming relaxation. The best quality solutions are obtained with iterated descent. This adds further evidence to the belief that iterated descent can produce high quality solutions to a variety of combinatorial optimisation problems. Moreover, unlike some other local search algorithms, iterated descent does not require much tuning in order to be competitive.\n      </p>", "I construct a theoretical framework in which firms offer wage-tenure contracts to direct the search by risk-averse workers. All workers can search, on or off the job. I characterize an equilibrium and prove its existence. The equilibrium generates a nondegenerate, continuous distribution of employed workers over the values of contracts, despite that all matches are identical and workers observe all offers. A striking property is that the equilibrium is block recursive; that is, individuals' optimal decisions and optimal contracts are independent of the distribution of workers. This property makes the equilibrium analysis tractable. Consistent with stylized facts, the equilibrium predicts that (i) wages increase with tenure, (ii) job-to-job transitions decrease with tenure and wages, and (iii) wage mobility is limited in the sense that the lower the worker's wage, the lower the future wage a worker will move to in the next job transition. Moreover, block recursivity implies that changes in the unemployment benefit and the minimum wage have no effect on an employed worker's job-to-job transitions and contracts.\n      </p>", "Due to steady erosion in the effectiveness of on-line advertising (e.g., banners and buttons placed at frequently visited sites), on-line businesses need to target their ad campaigns more precisely to reach the segments they are interested in. This paper examines the issue of how to identify ideal paid advertising, banner exchange, or affiliate partner locations, and proposes a model based on consumer search behavior. Calibrated with data obtained from searches for information in 18 different categories, the model allows for heterogeneity by permitting consumers to belong to different segments that have idiosyncratic search points and thresholds. It also includes a segment-membership function, specified in terms of consumer demographics, that can be used to identify the demographics associated with different focal groups.\n      </p>", "An unknown number N of cells are arranged in numerical order. An object is hidden in cell N. The problem is to locate the object-thereby determining N-within n searches. We consider a version of this problem that has applications in several problem settings: locating flaws in a discrete circuit, locating nerve endings, or locating the end of a tree root. A search of a site determines whether a cell is present and contains the object, except that it might overlook, with known probability w, a cell that is present; that is, a cell can \"wink.\" A search of site i reveals an empty cell if i &lt; N; the cell containing the object if i = N and the cell does not wink; and no cell if i &gt; N or if i\u2264 N and the cell winks. Various special cases are considered. We define \"bisection strategies\" and show that they are optimal when w = 0. When w &gt; 0, we partially characterize optimal strategies when n = 2, and completely characterize optimal strategies when there are at most two cells. For various values of n and w we give tables of the probability of finding the object for three intuitively reasonable strategies.\n      </p>", "While the course of technological change is widely accepted to be highly uncertain and unpredictable, little work has identified or studied the ultimate sources and causes of that uncertainty. This paper proposes that purely technological uncertainty derives from inventors' search processes with unfamiliar components and component combinations. Experimentation with new components and new combinations leads to less useful inventions on average, but it also implies an increase in the variability that can result in both failure and breakthrough. Negative binomial count and dispersion models with patent citation data demonstrate that new combinations are indeed more variable. In contrast to predictions, however, the reuse of components has a nonmonotonic and eventually positive effect on variability.\n      </p>", "Households exhibit strong spatial regularities in their residential search behavior; moreover these regularities arise from two distinct but interrelated sources: the spatial variation in the number of vacancies meeting particular housing needs and spatial biases in the household's search strategies. Three models of the search process are evaluated against observed search behavior for a sample of prospective home buyers in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles; in each instance, analysis of observed search behavior supports the hypothesized relationship between the search pattern and the locational variables influencing it. A constrained choice set model calls attention to the relationship between the spatial variation in the number of vacancies in the household's possibility set and the pattern of vacancies visited by the household. The area-based search model focuses on the locational persistence in the household's search behavior. The key to the anchor points model is that locational preference declines with increasing distance from critical anchor points in the household's activity space. The locations of the prior residence and the workplace (or workplaces for dual worker households) are shown to have a significant influence on the resulting pattern of vacancies seen by the household.\n      </p>", "The rendezvous search problem is the problem of finding optimal search strategies for two people who are placed randomly on a known search region and want to meet each other in minimal expected time. We focus on initial location distributions that are centrally symmetric and nonincreasing as one moves away from the center, including the discretized and/or truncated Gaussian densities. When the search region is a discrete or a continuous interval, and the interval is labeled so that the searchers know their own location at all times, we prove that the optimal strategy for both searchers is to go directly to the center and wait there. The same result also holds for rendezvous search on the infinite line.\n      </p>", "Unidirectional search is an evolutionarily stable outcome in an economy where homogenous buyers and sellers can either move or stay. It is more efficient than bidirectional search. In unidirectional search, it is more efficient if the more numerous agents move and the less numerous agents stay, than vice versa.\n      </p>", "Let {xk}k \u2265 - r be a simple Bernoulli random walk with x-r = 0. An integer valued threshold \u03c6 = {\u03c6k}k \u2265 1 is called a search plan if |\u03c6k+1 - \u03c6k| \u2264 1 for all k \u2265 1. If \u03c6 is a search plan let \u03c4\u03c6 be the smallest integer k such that x and \u03c6 cross or touch at k. We show the existence of a search plan \u03c6 such that \u03c61 = 0, the definition of \u03c6 does not depend on r, and the first crossing time \u03c4\u03c6 has finite mean (and in fact finite moments of all orders). The analogous problem for the Wiener process is also solved.\n      </p>", "We present two new results for the asymmetric rendezvous problem on the line. We first show that it is never optimal for one player to be stationary during the entire search period in the two-player rendezvous. Then we consider the meeting time of n-players in the worst case and show that it has an asymptotic behavior of n/2 + O(log n).\n      </p>", "How predators vary search patterns in response to prey predictability is poorly known. For example, marine invertebrates may be predictable but of low energy value, while fish may be of higher energy value but unpredictable at large (pelagic schools) or small (solitary benthics) spatial scales. We investigated the search patterns of the thickbilled murre (Uria lomvia), an Arctic seabird feeding on invertebrates, pelagic fish, or benthic fish. Foraging ranges at the Coats Island colony are generally smaller (&lt; 240 min per trip) than at larger colonies, and many birds specialize in foraging tactics and diet. Underwater search times for benthic fish were higher than for pelagic fish or invertebrates while above-water search times for pelagic fish were higher than for benthic fish or invertebrates. There were few stops during trips. Total trip time, flying time, number of flights, and number of dives were intercorrelated and increased with prey energy content, suggesting that longer trips involved fewer prey encounters due to selection of higher-quality, but rarer, prey items. Flight times were not L\u00e9vy-distributed and seabirds may have used area-restricted searches. The high degree of specialization, apparent absence of information center effects, and reduced abovewater searching times may be linked to the relatively small colony size and the resulting short commuting distances to feeding areas, leading to greater prey predictability. We concluded that prey predictability over various scales affected predator search patterns.\n      </p>"], "words": {"consider": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lack": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "results": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "continual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "follow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "causes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poorly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "depend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "under": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "heterogeneity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "far": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choice": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deals": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "p": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "markov": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "noted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "direct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feasibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "design": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dynamics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "targets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "section": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "while": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expressed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "availability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cell": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sequential": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "conduct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "firms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contrast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "body": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proliferation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "let": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "represented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "search": {"number": 43, "prob": 0.00035609438985710677}, "study": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "studied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploitation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poisson": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "via": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exhibit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "intensively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "negative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predictability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "prey": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "manufacturer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theoretical": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sharing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conductor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "line": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "visual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "known": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "cases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animals,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "work": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "can": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "ms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "entrepreneurs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "believed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "want": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "links": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "give": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "near": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allowed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scheduling": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "spanning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "species": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "delay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "influences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimal": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "circular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "derived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sellers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "response": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 56, "prob": 0.0004637508333022786}, "purchase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bootstrap": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "element": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "algorithms": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ultimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolutionary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "help": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "produces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "move": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "displayed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "course": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "looks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goods,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "group": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chosen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solving": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "offers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hidden": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "good": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "propose": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "introduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "effects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "structural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "advent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "possibilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "each": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constraints": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ball": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "our": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "margins": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neighbourhood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intended": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "shown": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opened": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discrete": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "profit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "emerged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internet": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "formula": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "given": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standard": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revolutionary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "iterative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conducted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "separable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "probability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "one": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "another": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wildlife,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "unknown": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "construct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "households": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "compromise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shoppers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cycle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dogs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pervasive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "asymmetric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continuous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "serve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wide": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "grocery": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "target": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "tree": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "project": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "r": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcome": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "and": {"number": 30, "prob": 0.00024843794641193494}, "randomly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "have": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "seen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nonseparable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "generalized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "online": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "objective": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "so": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unconstrained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effectiveness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "electric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "who": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "position": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "class": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "later": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flow": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "points": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rendezvous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "consumer": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "lying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "random": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "threshold": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "find": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "access": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foraging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "situations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reactive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explicitly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equilibrium": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "his": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "where": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "econometric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "intelligence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "depends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "best": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "artificial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "approach": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "creating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "job": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "interface": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "motivations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "c": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "improved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reverse": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "region": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uncertainty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "according": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "against": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "games": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "item": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ante": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trust": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "due": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ireland": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expected": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shopping": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sufficient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "external": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uncertain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "look": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "n": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "entrepreneurial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimization": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "suppose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "editorial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discoveries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procedure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "characteristics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "it": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "player": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 45, "prob": 0.00037265691961790246}, "examine": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "binary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "finite": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "development": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conflicting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assignment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "numerical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allocation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moving": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "prejudices": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lower": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "task": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "maximizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "people,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "boxes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solve": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 69, "prob": 0.0005714072767474504}, "abilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "precedence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unemployment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "money": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domestic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bandwidth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "wage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "buyers": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "grounded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infinitely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "residential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "royal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improvement": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "deliberately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "easy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technological": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "capacitated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "advances": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "digital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "finding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inflation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sequencing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accepted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "necessary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "d": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "either": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retailers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ecology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "motor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habitat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sequence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "searching": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "choosing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "duration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proofs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minimal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "locate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "object": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "scientific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "derivatives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "electrically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monetary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "web,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interval": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "post": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "stage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "about": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 63, "prob": 0.0005217196874650634}, "industry": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "unidirectional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discusses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intellectual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "two": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "elementary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methods": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "rely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undertaken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assumed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "people": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "bargaining": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intermediaries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resulted": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analyze": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complete": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subjective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanistic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "game": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "convergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technologies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "cells": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "placed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "unenlightened": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "computing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "steady": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "at": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "variety": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "generally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "role": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatial": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "elements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "problems": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "stay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "searches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "searcher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "e": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "algorithm": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "space": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "searched": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "backward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "starting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}