{"total_words": 1213, "documents": ["Current ways of addressing culture in the sociology of markets are incomplete. One approach treats culture as constitutive of markets (markets are culture), while the other treats culture as something affecting markets (markets have culture). This division corresponds to markets that are more or less \"settled.\" The author outlines the history and shortcomings of this duality and proposes a more dimensional approach to culture and markets that more fully integrates culture into economic sociology.\n      </p>", "This article traces the transatlantic diffusion of Pierre Bourdieu's ideas into American sociology. We find that rather than being received as abstract theory, Bourdieu has been actively put to use to generate new empirical research. In addition, American sociologists have used their findings to problematize and extend his theory. Bourdieu's sociology, in other words, has inspired a progressive research program in the United States. We trace this process in the two main forums for presenting research: journal articles and books. Content analysis of articles published in four major sociology journals reveals that, far from a recent fad, Bourdieu's ideas steadily diffused into American sociology between 1980 and 2004. Case studies of four influential books in turn illustrate how researchers have used Bourdieu's key concepts (capital, field, habitus, and symbolic power) to inform debates in four core subfields (political, economic, cultural, and urban sociology).\n      </p>", "Stephen Cole's claim regarding certain differences between sociology and physics, and the conclusions he draws regarding the future of sociology, are discussed here. A brief comment on Randall Collins' view is also included.\n      </p>", "Oliver C. Cox did a study on the marital trends of Negroes (African Americans) in 1938 and found that the sex ratio and male employment status of a given area could predict the marriage rates for said area. His findings are very similar to present sociological literature on African American marital trends. He is not, however, credited for his foundational role in the genesis of the theory of the marriageable male. He was a student in the Chicago School of Sociology during the tenure of many of the school's most prominent faculty. Many of these leading faculty members were also his instructors in addition to presiding as president of the American Sociological Association at some point in their careers. Despite his connection to these powerful sociologists, Cox was relegated to the margins of his discipline. He has been successfully hidden from the cannon of marriageable male research.\n      </p>", "Based on the conceptual framework of Pierre Bourdieu, this study compares the impact of pressure to develop ties with non-academic organisations on two fields of research, namely: sociology and economics. The study highlights the dynamics particular to each discipline and shows that a sound understanding of transformations affecting university research cannot exclude analysis of the specificity of each one. Two cohorts of professors were studied in two Quebec universities: the first cohort was made up of professors who received tenure between 1974 and 1983, and the second between 1989 and 1998. The results suggest that pressures in favor of partnership with non-academic organisations have not had the same impact in sociology and economics. While research practices have undergone transformations in each discipline, the nature of these transformations differs in an important way. The results also contradict two popular models in knowledge production studies, which are the Entrepreneurial Science, and Mode 1/Mode 2 models. Although these models claim that academic research orientation has become geared towards problem-solving, our results indicate, however, that the opposite trend has been taking place in sociology and economics.\n      </p>", "A reply to the former editor argues the priority of standardized empirical definitions in scientific studies of causation, proposes a small set of definitions to be standardized in sociology, and cites exemplars of such standardization in other fields.\n      </p>", "The career experience of men and women in British university sociology since 1950 is compared, using published data for the whole group and fresh data from a sample of departments. It is shown that, when like is compared with like, the outcomes for men and for women have not been as different as is often suggested; family reasons were more salient in women's careers, but in the end have not made much difference to their destinations. But the proportions of women recruited have varied over time, and the experience of both sexes has been strongly influenced by historical factors affecting different periods. Within the constraints which those have imposed, individuals have not all made the same choices, and that too has affected the outcomes.\n      </p>", "Reflecting on my experiences as a graduate student, I argue that the terminology of public sociology should be dropped. The public sociology rhetoric is at odds with the fundamental professional reality in the discipline. Sociology, as a \"hyper-professionalized\" endeavor, primarily values abstract, explanatory theories, even if those theories make the world less descriptively comprehensible to people seeking to act in the world. Moreover, I question whether sociologists, as a professional class, should or can take on the public position as the partisan representatives of civil society and marginalized peoples. Instead, I argue for a greater openness within professional sociology to descriptive work, as well as more departmental supports for graduate students to pursue careers outside of sociology. Sociologists interested in public engagement should focus primarily on cataloguing and practical evaluation of engaged research tactics and community oriented teaching strategies, rather than theoretical discussions of what sociology can or should be.\n      </p>", "By the 1960s, sociology had risen to a place of prominence in American-Jewish life. No topic brought American Jews into contact with sociologists more than that of intermarriage. Far from simply communicating empirical realities, sociologists sculpted ideologies about family, religion, and citizenship. Over the first half of the twentieth century, sociological thought shifted from defining jewish outmarriage as a step toward creating a true melting pot to defending inmarriage as crucial to the ideals of democracy and social stability. When commentators and Jewish leaders declared an intermarriage crisis in the mid-1960s, they relied on sociological models to anchor their pronouncements. Yet in treating sociology as a source of unbiased information, Jewish leaders often concealed their own commitments and deeply felt belief systems. Ironically, sociology emerged as one of the most prescriptive forces in Jewish life, even as it was assumed to offer mere description of Jewish patterns.\n      </p>", "This article is a contribution to the sociology of an expanded and newly diversified UK higher education system. How differentiated is the student experience? How sharply is the system polarised? Drawing on interviews and questionnaires conducted in five sociology departments in a variety of pre-1992 and post-1992 universities, it examines students' views on 'what they learn' and their orientations to study. It explores differences in curriculum content and organisation and the extent to which student narratives and identities vary with differences in institutional context. A typology of student experiences and subject engagement is advanced that as well as capturing institutional differences also locates a range of student orientations \u2013 and worthwhile student experiences \u2013 in all five departments that suggests a somewhat greater commonality of experience and outcome across institutions than the extreme polarisation of institutional experiences and outcomes sometimes suggest.\n      </p>", "The aim of this article is to present that part of Friedrich Nietzsche's work that is of special interest to sociologists. To do this, I discuss the relationship between Nietzsche's work and the sociology both of today and of his own time. The most important idea is that he saw reality as a social construction. The idea of social construction is related to the beliefs and values, power and interests of the actors. Nietzsche's discussions of power and of the individual vs. the collective are also analyzed.\n      </p>", "At its inception one hundred years ago, the American Sociological Society was concerned to separate itself from the social movements and reform impulses to which it had hitherto been connected. One hundred years of professionalism have achieved the splitting and amassed an impressive body of theory, empirical analysis, and innovative techniques, but sociology's public face has remained underdeveloped. Public sociology today requires rethinking the meaning of the public sphere as well as that of the discipline of sociology. Moreover, in today's world, reaching out to publics demands recognition of the interests of the different social sciences within the new global dispensation.\n      </p>", "Haven been placed in the unique position of teaching high school sociology at the same time when a renewed interest from professional sociological associations led to a revival of scholarly research on the topic, a commitment from professional sociological associations, my insiders view from the high school classroom and from various professional sociological association committees, I offer my insights as well as the direction future research on high school sociology might take to enhance the efficacy of teaching at that level.\n      </p>", "As a participant in the development of mathematical sociology over the past several decades, the author undertakes a personal and historical review of the field. A special effort is made to link early innovations and interests to recent developments. The paper deals successively with (a) the origins of mathematical sociology and its early achievements, (b) the cognitive interests and values of mathematical sociologists in relation to ideas associated with the founders of sociology, (c) the scope of mathematical contributions in terms of the general components of human action and society, and (d) the problematic specialty status of mathematical sociology. The paper concludes with some thoughts on the future of mathematical sociology.\n      </p>", "This article reports the results of a study of the sociology course in Greek secondary education. The aim is to reveal under which circumstances the course has ended up becoming one of the most downgraded courses, and more importantly, how the specific rationale of the course's structure has resulted in the (re)production of a distorted image of the science of sociology. For that purpose, the 25-year history of the course has been analyzed from the view of: (1) the sociology curriculum's variations over the years, (2) the underlying rationale of the official documents and the sociology textbooks, and (3) the sociology teachers' perceptions on the course of sociology. The findings have indicated that the downgrading of the course has resulted in the devaluation of the science of sociology inside the educational community, and that through the school's rationale (curriculum and teacher's) a specific interpretation of sociology is being reproduced, which presents it as an everyday and simple science that deals mostly with social problems and their solutions. The ultimate result is that the sociological imagination will possibly never become part of students' views on life.\n      </p>", "Close examination of 32 Hollywood films released between 1915 and 2006 shows that sociology is often portrayed as a discipline that focuses on the useless, the trivial, and the obscure. Undergraduate students of sociology are sometimes presented as academically untalented and weakly motivated, but at other times as thoughtful and capable of good work. Graduate students are depicted as flawed researchers who are more interested in romance than the completion of their degrees. The movies acknowledge the expertise of sociologists but also suggest they sometimes reach incorrect conclusions, snoop into behavior that should remain private, and fail to maintain appropriate distance from their subjects. Sociologists occasionally appear in brief classroom scenes that contain little of substance; they are as likely to be depicted as advisers or administrators as they are to be depicted as teachers. The sources of cinematic portrayals of sociology and their influence on popular attitudes require further research.\n      </p>", "This essay addresses the declining influence of Alexis de Tocqueville on contemporary American sociology. While Tocqueville was must reading some decades ago, inspiring several classic sociological studies published in the 1950s and 1960s, and while he remains an authoritative source in other social science disciplines, he has virtually disappeared from present-day sociology. Sociologists, it would seem, have left behind works such as \"Democracy in America\" and \"The Old Regime and the French Revolution\" despite Raymond Aron's (\"Main Currents in Sociological Thought\", vol. I, Anchor Books, New York, 1968) insistence that Tocqueville be counted among the discipline's founders. While Meyer (\"J. Cl. Socio.\", 3:197\u2013220, 2003) presumed to have addressed this subject, his argument sheds no light on the matter as he ignores the driving concern of Tocqueville's work, namely, the tensions between the principle of equality and human freedom. I argue that conceptually sociologists today are in no position to reflect critically on equality and its relation to freedom. Since the turbulent 1960s egalitarian commitments have become embedded in the discipline and are thereby shielded from critical inquiry. At the same time, a conceptual fixation on power effectively pushed to the periphery the kinds of questions Tocqueville raised about the problem of authority in democracy and how authority may be encouraging of human freedom. Committed to advancing the principle of equality, however understood, and seeing nothing in authority but power, sociologists espouse faith in egalitarian, mass democracy whereas Tocqueville sought a critical understanding of it. This is much to the detriment of present-day sociologists, so many of whom demonstrate in their own work and professional behavior the democratic dilemmas Tocqueville warned us about.\n      </p>", "This paper surveys sociological approaches to the study of markets. After considering the economic approach, I delineate the wide range of theoretical schools, including alternative schools in economics, economic anthropology, cultural sociology, the embeddedness approach, and the new political economy. I also briefly discuss recent debates on the transition from planned economy to market and on globalization. I conclude by noting the difficulties of theorizing about the historical and institutional complexity of markets.\n      </p>", "Over the years the secondary literature on Max Weber's sociology has grown enormously, and it is time to raise the following question: Is the picture of his sociology the same today as it was yesterday? In this review I argue that the traditional picture of Weber's sociology has begun to change and that one important factor in this change has to do with the perception of the role that the theme of the economy plays in Weber's life and work. Special attention has recently been paid to Weber's relationship to economics, his economic sociology, and the fact that Weber came from a background of wealthy merchants that he strongly identified with. Several new topics in Weber's sociology are explored that are related to the changing picture of his work. Special attention is also paid to interpretations of Weber that draw on rational choice sociology and an interest-based type of analysis.\n      </p>", "There has been renewed interest over the past 5 years among sociologists in empirically examining the status of sociology in high school. The few studies that have recently been conducted, however, have focused almost exclusively on high school sociology teachers. The nature and structure of the courses themselves have been largely ignored. Given the American Sociological Association's recent attempts to develop and implement an Advanced Placement course, it seems especially important to examine the characteristics of existing sociology courses. This paper uses the results of a national mail survey to describe and discuss three aspects of the nature and structure of a random sample of sociology courses that were offered during the 2005\u201306 school year: instructional materials and pedagogical resources, teaching techniques, and course content. I demonstrate that these aspects of the courses look remarkably similar across the country: Teachers rely overwhelmingly on standard introductory textbooks to structure their courses. They are also apt to utilize supplemental materials from textbook publishers and from newspapers and newsmagazines, and to use a combination of lecture and discussion in their sociology classes. The paper concludes with recommendations for future research.\n      </p>", "The emergence of the women's movement in the 1960s presents two challenges to sociology. The more obvious task is the analysis of a social movement: How did private problems get transformed into a collective protest at that particular historical moment? This article, however, addresses itself to the contribution of a social movement to the sociology of sociology. Feminist sociologists, in representing a disadvantaged group, claim to look at society from a new angle of vision. What was the impact upon the discipline of sociology of this new perspective? Feminist criticism of mainstream sociology revealed not only vast lacunae in our knowledge but flawed interpretations of social phenomena. Feminist theoreticians have extended their criticism to some epistomelogical positions of contemporary American sociology. The purpose of this article is two-fold. It illustrates some contributions to sociology by feminist scholars (including a few precursors). Secondly, some changing trends in feminist orientations are discerned and analyzed from the perspective of the sociology of knowledge.\n      </p>", "This paper explores whether the field of sociology harbors a dismissive attitude towards religion. Specifically it examines whether introductory sociology textbooks present the classic secularization theory over the more recent religious economies explanation of religious change. The classical secularization thesis suggests that religion is declining in importance in modern societies and may disappear completely. The religious economies perspective proposes that religion has actually become more influential and dynamic over time. While both theories are well represented in the sociology of religion literature, we explore whether generalist sociology textbooks reflect this reality. This article provides a content analysis of 31 introductory sociology textbooks published between 2003 and 2006. We assess the presence and promotion of the above theories in these textbooks. Our analysis reveals that 20 (65%) of the 31 textbooks in our study present only secularization theory, while seven (23%) of the textbooks cover both secularization theory and religious economies theory. We assess the ramifications of such a lopsided arrangement and conclude by encouraging a more open dialogue on this issue.\n      </p>", "This article investigates recent data on the prevalence of women in the field of sociology in order to understand whether or not the discipline has become a female preserve. Data on the top sociology departments in the USA were collected in 2007. For each university, we document the number of full time, tenured and tenure-track faculty members and present the gendered makeup of the department. Our data present mixed findings with regard to the question of whether the field is tipping toward female. Women, overall, are underrepresented in the sociology programs sampled, but a larger percentage of women occupy tenured positions within the top liberal arts programs than at the top graduate programs. And, women occupy a slim majority of assistant professor positions but have lower numbers at higher academic ranks. We can say with reasonable certainty that, while the proportion of women doctorates and assistant professors indicate a feminization of sociology, the entire discipline has not yet tipped toward female.\n      </p>", "In this essay, I use my own research experiences to address a critical intersection between technology and sociology. I suggest that thinking reflexively about technology might enhance both how sociologists do research and how they teach about it.\n      </p>", "Sociologists use negative feedback loop systems to explain identity processes, interpersonal behavior, crowd behavior, organizational behavior, social relationships, and the behavior of political systems. Control system models help us to understand how actors enact social roles with enough stability to preserve institutional arrangements, while still demonstrating remarkable creativity in unusual circumstances. These theories take us away from an oversocialized view of the actor, without relegating us to exclusive reliance on grounded theory. They provide a foundation for several generative theories of adaptive, goal-seeking behavior on the part of social actors and institutions. This chapter begins by tracing the history of control theorizing in sociology, then describes several contemporary theories that rely on control imagery, reviews the empirical support for these theories, describes some of their significant points of overlap and departure, and examines some of the key tested and untested implications of a control system approach in sociology.\n      </p>", "A neglected part of the history of teaching sociology is the history of teaching high school sociology. The American Sociological Association's centennial in 2005 affords sociologists an opportunity to reflect on the teaching of sociology-anywhere and everywhere that it happens. In the spirit of contributing to the history of teaching sociology in the United States, this paper outlines the roughly 95-year history of the teaching of high school sociology. I rely upon published course descriptions written by high school sociology teachers and empirical studies conducted by academic sociologists. They demonstrate that past high school sociology courses have focused primarily on examining social problems and current events, and on promoting citizenship education. This remains the case today. I offer several reasons why the courses have looked as they have over the past 95 years, and conclude with four predictions about the future of teaching high school sociology.\n      </p>", "In recent years, the discipline of sociology has seen an increased discussion of public sociology, but the discussion has focused on whether or not it is a good idea for sociologists to become more engaged with their various publics. A different question motivates this research: What are the institutional arrangements that make doing public sociology difficult, and thus less likely? Following Dorothy Smith, we start from the perspective of frontline actors and ask them about their experiences. We combine data from two sources: individual interviews with a sample of 50 academic feminists, a group that has theoretical motivation to be interested in public sociology and group interviews with 15 feminists engaged in some form of public sociology. These informants tell us about two related institutional barriers to doing public sociology: the culture of professional sociology and the standards we use for evaluating scholarship. The impact of these disciplinary barriers probably varies by institution type and career stage but there is reason to suspect they generate costs not just for individuals but for the discipline. Taking steps to break down these barriers would ameliorate concerns some have raised about public sociology.\n      </p>", "In response to the recent \"The American Sociologist\" special issue on Canadian sociology, this rejoinder dialogues with some of the perspectives offered there on the discipline north of the border with an eye towards lessons that American sociologists might learn from the Canadian experience. My reflections build on a larger analytic piece entitled \"Canada's Impossible Science: The Historical and Institutional Origins of the Coming Crisis of Anglo-Canadian Sociology\" to be published soon in \"The Canadian Journal Sociology.\" Particular attention is paid to the different institutional arrangements of higher education in Canada and the United States, Anglo-Canadian reliance on the particularly English \"weakness as strength\" strategy for sociology, tensions between the cultural values of populism, egalitarianism, and excellence, and the trade-offs between professional and public intellectual work. A critique is offered of the \"origin myth\" of Canadian sociology as a particularly vibrant \"critical sociology,\" with discussion of Dorothy Smith's influence on sociology in Canada.\n      </p>", "The specialized field of disaster studies seems to be moving farther away from mainstream sociology, to the detriment of both. For sociologists working in this field, application of Max Weber's political sociology is proposed as one way to reconnect their research with longstanding concerns of the discipline. Weber's political sociology contains a conflict model focusing on structured inequalities of class, status, and power. Its relevance to both contemporary sociology and sociological disaster studies is illustrated through a reexamination of one of the early classic studies of disaster. The paper concludes with an overview of Weber's thoughts about the role of values in research and a brief comparison of Weber's political sociology with alternative theories.\n      </p>", "Responding to the growing gap between the sociological ethos and the world we study, the challenge of public sociology is to engage multiple publics in multiple ways. These public sociologies should not be left out in the cold, but brought into the framework of our discipline. In this way we make public sociology a visible and legitimate enterprise, and, thereby, invigorate the discipline as a whole. Accordingly, if we map out the division of sociological labor, we discover antagonistic interdependence among four types of knowledge: professional, critical, policy, and public. In the best of all worlds the flourishing of each type of sociology is a condition for the flourishing of all, but they can just as easily assume pathological forms or become victims of exclusion and subordination. This field of power beckons us to explore the relations among the four types of sociology as they vary historically and nationally, and as they provide the template for divergent individual careers. Finally, comparing disciplines points to the umbilical chord that connects sociology to the world of publics, underlining sociology's particular interest in the defense of civil society, itself beleaguered by the encroachment of markets and states.\n      </p>", "Though sociologists study a wide range of institutions, very little time is spent studying sociology's position and status in the academy. Using a variant of Dillman's \"total design method,\" the author conducted a survey of 345 arts and sciences academic deans, asking them to select the top-ranked and second-ranked disciplines on a number of items. Sociology fared quite well or well on commitment and concern with students, success in conducting research aimed at ameliorating community problems, ability to work in interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary teams, involvement in college and university governance, and involvement in the surrounding community. Sociology did not fare well on academic rigor, success in attracting students to the discipline, success of students with regard to occupational and graduate education achievement, securing funded grants and contracts, success in producing peer-reviewed publications, involvement in international activities, fundraising, and overall prestige on campus. The author offers suggestions on how sociology could improve its status in the academy.\n      </p>", "This article examines sociology's first human relations area files. These files were developed by Herbert Spencer, an unfairly maligned figure in the history of sociology. The point of this historical exercise, however, is not so much to praise Spencer as to conduct a hypothetical exercise: What if Spencer's files had been taken more seriously? In performing this exercise, we can learn a great deal about both sociology and anthropology. Indeed, we can see that sociology and anthropology would be far more interesting disciplines if they followed Spencer's lead in collecting and cataloguing cross-cultural and historical data in ways that would facilitate theorizing.\n      </p>", "The paper reviews sociology in Korea in terms of the three historical periods: (1) the incipient period, (2) the formative period, and (3) the most recent period. Through these periods, Korean sociology has made a progress in the expansion of organizational framework, manpower and publication. Such progress has also changed the basic orientation of Korean sociologists from a passive importation of Western sociology to the effort to indigenize sociology in Korea. However, they face numerous barriers to the task of indigenization. The future course of Korean sociology will depend on how they respond to this challenge.\n      </p>", "The focus on discourse and communication in the recent sociology of scientific knowledge offers new perspectives for an integration of qualitative and quantitative approaches in science studies. The common point of interest is the question of how reflexive communication systems communicate. The elaboration of the mathematical theory of communication into a theory of potentially self-organizing entropical systems enables us to distinguish the various layers of communication, and to specify the dynamic changes in these configurations over time. For example, a paradigmatic discourse can be considered as a virtual communication system at the supra-individual level. Communication systems, however, cannot be directly observed. One observes only their instantaneous operations. The reflexive analyst is able to attribute the observed uncertainty to hypothesized systems that interact in the events. The implications of this perspective for various programmes in the sociology of scientific knowledge are discussed.\n      </p>", "Calling attention to the relatively few contributions made by sociologists to the study of nuclear issues, a political scientist suggests a number of areas and questions that sociology may be particularly well equipped to deal with. The study is divided into a canvas of questions that come from the first 45 years of the nuclear age, and then assesses the questions that may emerge in an evolving \"post-Cold War\" era.\n      </p>", "In the work of many of the classics of sociology, religion plays a major role. In post-World War II sociology, however, the study of religion gradually ended up in a marginal position. This article discusses the status of the sociological study of religion in Finland from the post-war period to the present. The focus in the article is on the institutional evolution of the field and the influence of that evolution on the role of the sociology of religion within Finnish sociology. Finnish sociology of religion is divided into three categories: studies carried out in sociology departments, sociological studies carried out within religious studies and church and social studies. The article examines the development and characteristics of each of these disciplines as well as the consequences of institutional scattering for the sociology of religion. The aversion of religion within sociology, the focus on folklore in religious studies and the public identification of church sociology with theology are identified as the reasons for the marginal position of the sociology of religion in Finland. The article closes with a review of recent studies in the sociology of religion and the 'new rise' of the field due to the rise in the societal significance of religion.\n      </p>", "The paper examines the sociology of culture in Australia and New Zealand, with particular emphasis on the antipodean attitude that arises from the place of these nations and cultures in the larger world system. Recent popular literature is explored as a means of demonstrating the reciprocal movement of culture from centre to periphery and back. The paper closes with observations about practicing sociology in smaller places, with less differentiated professional structures but more interdisciplinary exchange and collaboration.\n      </p>", "Teaching Sociology's emphasis on the scholarship of teaching and learning has moved the field well beyond simple description of teaching methods. There is no doubt that the journal is more scholarly than in the past. Still, we do not take advantage of our rich theoretical disciplinary work. There is much to learn sociologically about the classroom and other sites of interaction between teachers and students. Our classrooms are social sites and our analysis of them can be of help to scholars both inside and outside the discipline. In this article, we propose a sensitizing concept, the sociology of the college classroom-the application of sociological theory and/or concepts to understand social phenomena that take place at the level of the classroom and other sites of faculty-student interaction. We situate the sociology of the college classroom as a subset of the scholarship of teaching and learning and the sociology of higher education. Sociology of the college classroom can be a place not only where research meets teaching, but it can also be a site where sociological theory meets pedagogical praxis.\n      </p>", "This essay discusses a less known period of Karl Mannheim's life, namely the period he spent in Hungary. I attempt to point out that the career of the young Mannheim, starting from a philosophical interest and continuing with a sociological one, is continuous. His first published works and letters prove that in the period preceding his emigration to Germany in 1919 he was concerned with questions that received their mature form in his sociology of knowledge. They include primarily the question of culture, that of perspective-boundedness (relativity) of cognition, interpretation and the problem of intellectuals. Despite changing disciplines from philosophy to sociology, the continuity of his oeuvre can be shown.\n      </p>", "This study examines articles published in the American Journal of Sociology (AJS) from its inception in 1895 through 1935 in a search for contributions that have escaped the attention of most contemporary sociologists. The articles reviewed here provide a glimpse of a less well-known, and sometimes more unseemly, side of American sociological history. My primary focus is on the criticism of the emergent discipline, the extraordinary diversity of thought found in the early AJS, and antiquated or prescient ideas, particularly in the fields of deviance, race, and gender.\n      </p>", "Epochal synthesis, retrospective ethnography, and critical comparison identify three distinct ways of thinking about history\u2014sociology relations. Epochal synthesis has lost the favor it enjoyed 40 years ago, but is likely to revive with the rising prevalence of evolutionary explanations for social affairs. Retrospective ethnography requires an ability to reconstruct actors' dispositions from the historical record, never an easy task. Critical comparison opens the way to specification of causal mechanisms and processes without reconstruction of dispositions. Retrospective ethnography and critical comparison will compete for historical sociologists' attention for some time to come.\n      </p>", "This article examines the history of media sociology in the U.S., through a critical analysis of articles published in the major sociology journals during the twentieth century. I argue that media sociology has been at its most vibrant when its goal has been to understand the dominant cultural structures that shape the public sphere. Robert Park was the first sociologist to adopt this perspective, with his research on newspapers and the power of the press. This interest continued into the 1950s, with research on media and propaganda. By the 1960s, however, concern had shifted away from the public character of media, focusing instead on the ways in which social factors intervened between media messages and society. While important, this shift in analytical focus ultimately led to a more reductionist media sociology, which failed to explore how media provided a distinctive type of social output. There is evidence that a less reductionist media sociology has begun to emerge since the 1990s, with the rise of cultural sociology and theories of the public sphere. This new media sociology could increase its visibility within mainstream sociology by making more explicit connections to the Chicago School tradition, and by claiming Robert Park as its classical founder.\n      </p>", "A response to Otero's criticism of the thesis of the nonrevolutionary character of biotechnology is developed within a larger consideration of the relatively small amount of attention high technologies have received within the sociology of science. It is argued that the \"new sociology of science\" of the past decade has been a major advance on midcentury functionalist perspectives that took an essentialist, deferential view toward science. The new sociology of science, based on the demystification of science through a relativist view of scientific knowledge production, is nonetheless limited in several respects in its applicability to contemporary issues relating to high technologies. Otero's criticisms are considered in the light of the continuing need for uniting the sociology of science and sociology of technology, and for developing a perspective on science and technology that avoids both uncritical deference and excessive relativization of these forces for social change.\n      </p>", "The current state of British sociology of education is reviewed; noting its decline, but suggesting that its influence has been dispersed throughout educational research in Britain. It is argued that its fate is not simply a product of external attack but also derives from internal problems. Against this background, it is suggested that postmodernism can be treated as a stimulus for a fundamental reconsideration of the proper nature and role of academic research on education.\n      </p>", "Existing accounts of the history of Soviet sociology are deficient in that they sometimes attribute the reemergence of sociology in the USSR to a single cause; or they place too much emphasis on separate groups or individuals. The development of sociology in the USSR must be seen as shaped by the interplay of various important state and party institutions-the Central Committee of the Communist party of the USSR, the Academy of Sciences, the Soviet Sociological Association, the Ministry of Education, and the major universities. The part played by the Communist party, as active promoter and supporter of sociology, is underlined; as is the important influence of the \"universities of Marxism-Leninism\" (organized by the Party) in preparing cadres of sociologists throughout the country. This was especially crucial since such professional education was lacking in the more traditional schools. The evolution of these various interlocking influences during two periods of the development of sociology (1956-60 and 1960-68) is traced. The analysis of the revival of Soviet sociology leads us to recognize two major differences between Soviet and American sociology: the mode of thinking (hence the nature of social research, itself); and the character of the organization and development of a community of sociologists. Soviet sociology is distinguished from any Western brand by its propensity for measuring everything from a collectivistic rather than individualistic point of view. An analyis of the employment of members of the Soviet Sociological Association shows a large proportion of party officials among the sociologists: Soviet sociology has close and multiple connections with the establishment. It is essential to recognize the practical functions of Soviet sociology, its intricate connection to the power system, and its particular pragmatic and ideological orientation.\n      </p>", "This chapter surveys the career and scholarship of James S. Coleman. It tracks scholarly usage of his work, with attention to references after 1995 and the subject areas in which its use is concentrated. At base a scholar of problems in social organization, Coleman made influential contributions that range across the sociology of education, policy research, mathematical sociology, network/structural analysis, and sociological theory. Works from several phases of Coleman's career are cited widely by scholars in sociology, education, economics, business/management, and other social science fields; during the past decade his conceptual work on social capital has been most influential. Coleman's widely debated Foundations of Social Theory is receiving increasing attention and has helped to establish a stable if limited niche for rational choice analysis within sociology.\n      </p>", "This article locates six themes in the overlap between the sociology of culture and the sociology of sexuality, highlighting both institutionalized and discursive forms of power. These themes include (1) works that develop or problematize economic metaphors in the study of sexuality; (2) studies of commercial sex that problematize cultural assumptions about sex, money, and morality; (3) explorations of \"nonsexual\"-seeming institutions, which can reproduce or challenge hierarchies of race and gender as they transmit sexual norms; (4) considerations of the sexual underpinnings of citizenship and personhood; (5) analyses of mass-mediated discourses of sexual personhood; and (6) critiques of sociology itself, as reproducing discursive power by neglecting to problematize certain assumptions about sexuality. The article ends by considering sociology's relationship to humanities-based queer theory, arguing that sociologists should bring analyses of emotions and feelings rules into our considerations of how people develop a sense of self through social interactions.\n      </p>", "This article provides a case study of successful departmental revitalization at the University of San Francisco. We examine the current crisis in the field of sociology and others' recommendations for addressing it. Reforms are outlined that transformed USF Sociology from a nearly extinct program to a model department on campus.\n      </p>", "Sociology at the University of Minnesota has had a long and distinguished history. From its founding in 1910 many prominent sociologists have taught and have graduated from the department. We present an overview of the growth of the department, and certain influential events which affected the direction of department governance and intellectual development. The department achieved its \"Golden Age\" under the leadership of F. Stuart Chapin, who chaired the department for nearly three decades (1922-1951). We speculate about the internal and external pressures that have affected the Minnesota department-and other sociology departments-over the past two decades, during its period of greatest expansion but of significant tensions as well.\n      </p>", "Several, seemingly unrelated problems of empirical research in the 'sociology of scientific knowledge' can be analyzed as following from initial assumptions with respect to the status of the knowledge content of science. These problems involve: (1) the relation between the level of the scientific field and the group level; (2) the boundaries and the status of 'contexts', and (3) the emergence of so-called 'asymmetry' in discourse analysis. It is suggested that these problems can be clarified by allowing for cognitive factors as independent ('heterogeneous') variables, in addition to and in interaction with (i.e., not only as attributes of) social factors. In the 'sociology of translation', 'heterogeneity' among scientists, cognitions and textual elements has been made a basic assumption. This heterogeneity is bound together in an 'actor network'. However, since the 'actor network' is an empirical category, the methodological problems remain unresolved. This has consequences for the relation between empirical data and theoretical inferences.\n      </p>", "Responding to the growing gap between the sociological ethos and the world we study, the challenge of public sociology is to engage multiple publics in multiple ways. These public sociologies should not be left out in the cold, but brought into the framework of our discipline. In this way we make public sociology a visible and legitimate enterprise, and, thereby, invigorate the discipline as a whole. Accordingly, if we map out the division of sociological labor, we discover antagonistic interdependence among four types of knowledge: professional, critical, policy, and public. In the best of all worlds the flourishing of each type of sociology is a condition for the flourishing of all, but they can just as easily assume pathological forms or become victims of exclusion and subordination. This field of power beckons us to explore the relations among the four types of sociology as they vary historically and nationally, and as they provide the template for divergent individual careers. Finally, comparing disciplines points to the umbilical chord that connects sociology to the world of publics, underlining sociology's particular investment in the defense of civil society, itself beleaguered by the encroachment of markets and states.\n      </p>", "Efforts to improve retention and graduation among minority students have been commonplace in higher education, but few such efforts have been undertaken in sociology. In this presidential address, I document that in sociology, as in other disciplines, disproportionate numbers of African American and Latino/a students do not graduate. I examine sociological research on the barriers to success that face students of color in predominantly white colleges, and on what can be done to help overcome these barriers. An example of a successful program to increase the graduation rates of minority and working-class students in sociology is discussed, and the sociological discipline is challenged to use its knowledge and insights to help improve opportunities for minority and working-class students in sociology.\n      </p>", "In order to determine the directions which the field of sociology of occupations has taken in recent years, a content analysis of articles on work and occupations in four general sociological journals and two specialized journals was completed for the years of 1976 to early 1982. Not surprisingly, there has been a rapid increase in the number of papers dealing with status and income attainment. Very surprisingly, there has been a near demise of papers on the professions. Another dominant thrust has been the large number of articles on women and sex roles. Satisfaction and alienation at work and attempts at job redesign have also received increasing attention. Papers on other topics have received less concentrated attention. Moving beyond the results of the content analysis, the present work discusses unresolved theoretical issues and potential new directions for the content areas. It is suggested that even for sociologists who do not identify themselves as specialists in occupations, the occupational variable remains a dominant one in sociological analyses.\n      </p>", "Este art\u00edculo expone un marco de an\u00e1lisis que ayude a entender las caracter\u00edsticas de la sociolog\u00eda aplicada. A saber, la tarea sociol\u00f3gica que se orienta a resolver problemas pr\u00e1cticos m\u00e1s que a ofrecer nuevas contribuciones al entendimiento de los fen\u00f3menos sociales. En la primera parte se realiza una breve historia del concepto y se tratan los problemas que surgen cuando se hacen demarcaciones r\u00edgidas con otros tipos de investigaci\u00f3n. En la segunda parte se abordan los conocimientos que resultan de la sociolog\u00eda aplicada. Se dibuja un marco conceptual referido a formas organizativas t\u00edpicas para investigaci\u00f3n b\u00e1sica y aplicada, y se define a esta \u00faltima como un conjunto de condiciones pol\u00edticas y sociales en que se produce el trabajo sociol\u00f3gico. Dichas condiciones dan lugar habitualmente a descripciones y a generalizaciones emp\u00edricas. Son menos frecuentes los resultados que contrastan hip\u00f3tesis te\u00f3ricas importantes desde un punto de vista disciplinario. Algunos mecanismos que explican este resultado son: las decisiones metodol\u00f3gicas, los recursos y el tiempo disponible. Finalmente, se tratan los efectos teniendo en cuenta dos procesos relevantes en los modernos sistemas de I+D: los recursos publicos que se invierten en investigation aplicada que producen resultados de car\u00e1cter a-te\u00f3rico y escasamente acumulativo, y la desvinculacion de la sociologia disciplinaria de la pr\u00e1ctica relacionada con la toma de decisiones. En las conclusiones se discuten algunas estrategias que contribuyan a superar la division. /// This paper provides an analytical framework for understanding applied sociology, namely sociological research oriented towards resolving practical problems rather than providing new contributions to our understanding of social phenomena. The first part contains a brief historical account of the concept and addresses the main problems which emerge when sharp distinctions between basic and applied research are made. The second part examines the knowledge resulting from applied sociology. We draw the main dimensions of typical organisational arrangements for doing basic and applied sociological work and analyse applied sociology as a set of social and political conditions where research is produced. These conditions usually give rise to descriptions and, on occasions, to empirical generalisations, whereas results contrasting important theoretical hypotheses from a disciplinary point of view are produced less frequently. Then the article examines some specific mechanisms such as methodological decisions, the availability of resources and time constraints to explain why applied sociology most often produces this kind of cognitive results. Finally, effects related to cognitive and organisational divisions are addressed taking into account two processes in current research systems: the large amount of resources devoted to applied sociological research that result in non-theoretical and non-accumulative knowledge and the decoupling of disciplinary sociology from the practical world of policy making. To conclude, some strategies for bridging this gap are discussed.\n      </p>", "The recent and prolific attention to public sociology has involved a great deal of theoretical debate about its merits, flaws, and potential future within the discipline. Despite the loud call for becoming more public, existing research on the discipline lacks both an empirical understanding of where we are as well as a methodological rubric to guide future inquiry. This project explores one outlet for public sociology\u2014the press\u2014as a starting point for this line of research. Through an investigation of Associated Press stories featuring sociology and sociologists, we seek to provide a baseline for consideration of public sociology efforts by describing the current state of how our discipline and its members are portrayed in the press. Further, based on our findings we provide some insights for future research.\n      </p>", "Using a sociology of knowledge framing, this essay highlights how and why the sociological imagination presented by leading European and American scholars showcased in this special issue offers a relatively hopeful assessment of recent transformations. It then questions the extent to which the same optimism prevails for scholars -- and citizens -- of the poorer, less advanced countries of the world. It not only suggests that many of the fundamental sociological transformations associated with the contemporary era -- ranging from globalization of economy, the rise of internet technology, the decline of the nation state, and the rise of more cosmopolitan identities -- are unevenly distributed around the world. It also argues that their political social, and economic impact will vary, depending on history and developmental context. The essay further suggests that precisely because of the statist and protectionist legacies of late development, many of the same transformations that bring positive gains in the advanced capitalist world, signal troubles ahead for the developing world and its future. The essay draws to a close with a more focused examination of the dark side of recent transformations, evident in such problems as unchecked violence and regional or ethnic fragmentation across major swathes of the global south. Such developments, the essay concludes, should sustain the call for a more \"pluralist\" sociological imagination for the new millennium, one that can take into account differences within and between various countries around the globe, while also advancing our normative understanding of what it would take to make \"global society\" possible.\n      </p>", "The field of sociology can be described as a triangle, the apexes of which are represented by the structure of social organisation (Spencer's theory of the division of labour), the structure of cultural codes (Saussure's theory of language and semiology) and social action (Weber's methodological individualism). This becomes a three-dimensional discursive space when underneath it we place, as the fourth apex, nature. Consequently we have a triangular pyramid standing on its head (nature): its four plans are represented by the field of sociology (the structure of social organisation, the structure of cultural codes, action), structuralist social anthropology (the structure of social organisation, the structure of cultural codes, nature), cultural anthropology (the structure of cultural codes, action, nature) and historical materialism (the structure of social organisation, action, nature). This turned-over tetrahedron is described in the paper as the discursive space of sociology, a space that has taken shape with the attempts at a theoretical synthesis of sociology during the 1980s (Alexander, Bourdieu, Collins, Giddens, Habermas). As in the case of the discursive conditions for all forms of knowledge, the discursive space of sociology is a rhetorical closure which determines who are classical writers and how these classical writers are to be read and understood. At the same time it serves as the basis for the positivity of sociological knowledge. It is suggested that this space will emerge to reorganise the uncertainty produced by the collapse of the Parsonian orthodoxy which was primarily concerned to examine society from the perspective of the structure of social organisation.\n      </p>", "Two major approaches have dominated the field of the sociology of development: theories of modernization, which focus on developed countries, and theories of development, which concentrate on Latin America, Africa, and East Asia. However, the societal transition in China, Russia, and the former socialist countries of Eastern Europe has confronted the sociology of development with a series of new issues for which existing approaches may not be adequate: How should one evaluate the various paths to development in different countries and regions? How should one examine the state-society relationship in social development and transition? How can one deal with the social inequality in the process of development? These topics have expanded the scope of the sociology of development and provided an opportunity to construct new theories. I suggest that, in response to the ongoing societal transition, the field of the sociology of development needs, in addition to theories of modernization and theories of development, theories of transition.\n      </p>", "Sociological developments in Pakistan reflect three major concerns. First is the concern about the growth of sociology as an academic descipline specially at the university level Secondly, there is a definite effort on the part of some sociologists to develop programs which may help understand and promote Islamic ideology: and thirdly, sociologists have been quite active in various devement projects as initiated by the government agencies. There has been a great deal of give and take among these three sociological contributions in Pakistan. However, by and large, these areas have remained distinct and distant from one another. While academic sociologists has remained tied to the Western theories and the Islamic sociologist to the Islamic ideology, the development sociologist has remained satisfied in his role as a planner or an analyst. Establishment of the Pakistan Sociological Association, however, has provided a common forum whereby meaningful discourse is becoming a possibility. If sociology is to play a more meaningful role in Pakistan, this is the academic sociologist who should take the lead. He may initiate his own researches or synthesize researches done in the development area in order that the Islamic ethos of the Pakistani population become visible.\n      </p>", "Sociologists receive little or no formal preparation for the teaching role and have available few of facilities parallel to those which support the research role. Training in teaching for sociology graduate students dates back to 1921, but only since the late 1960s has it begun to take root. And only in the past five years have forums for continuing contacts among sociologists interested in teaching come into existence. While some sociologists believe that teaching is an unfathomable art, there are several areas of collegiate instruction about which much is reliably known. The literature on the teaching of sociology dates back to at least 1895 and includes between 400 and 500 articles and books. There was a decline in publication after World War II and a resurgence after 1965. This article holds that the theory and substantive work of sociology has much to contribute to learning to teach sociology; the projected decline in the proportion of Ph.D. sociologists who will teach is not an adequate reason to diminish concern with teaching; and there is some evidence supporting the effectiveness of purposive teacher training activities.\n      </p>", "Previous discussions of the interactions between the French school of human geography and the French school of sociology before the First World War either ignore or gloss over a variety of contextural problems. These problems concern the definition of the members of the groups referred to as Durkheimians and Vidalians, as well as the interpretation of the published record indicating the nature of the differences between these two groups. This paper presents a discussion of some of these methodological difficulties, indicates a variety of both primary and secondary sources largely overlooked by previous writers assessing the interactions between Durkheimians and human geographers in the period, and suggests a number of underlying dimensions for organizing an analysis of how the positions and postures revealed in the writings of the two groups evolved over time.\n      </p>", "Burawoy's manifesto connects to a long series of debates on the role of science in society as well as on the myth of pure science. This paper argues that the gap between professional sociology and public sociology is far from being unbridgeable and that public sociology is not suppressed to the extent portrayed by Burawoy. In late modern societies a number of schools, including various scientific, public and intellectual movements have questioned the possibility, value position and social relevance of a functionally differentiated pure science by applying the sine qua non of modernity, i.e. critical reflection, to science. According to the argument developed here, also illustrated by a personal example, Burawoy could possibly prevent the gate-keepers of the empire of pure science from closing the otherwise open gates in front of his program and in front of critical reflection if only he used less harsh war-cries and were more careful in detecting the changes he himself urges.\n      </p>", "Hope is a crucial component of agency involving the setting of goals, visualization of obstacles, and increasing willpower in the effort of achieving a desired goal. This hope is not simply optimism and is potentially a bridge between structure and agency. Yet, the powers of hope in sociology have been greatly unexplored including the ability of collective hope to create social change. This lack of hope is particularly poignant in environmental sociology as the sub-discipline looks for solutions to some of the greatest challenges humanity and the planet faces. This article discusses the undercurrent of pessimism in environmental sociology and calls for the integration of hope as it is necessary for generating potential social environmental change.\n      </p>", "This article is a review of the rise and development of women's studies and the sociology of women/gender, two interrelated academic fields in China. Informed by the sociology of knowledge, the authors analyze how historical and sociopolitical factors such as the legacy of Marxism, state/party control, economic reform, political upheavals, local conditions, and global influences have greatly shaped what and how women's and gender issues are studied and the resultant characteristics and knowledge production of the two fields in China. Specifically, the authors examine the dynamic process of knowledge development in sociology of women/gender in terms of its academic positioning, standpoint, content, research methodology, curriculum transformation, and teaching in China. Finally, the authors demonstrate how the characteristics and issues shared by the two fields have evolved in a dynamic interplay between Chinese Marxism and feminism.\n      </p>", "An attendee of a workshop on teaching high school sociology at the 2003 ASA annual meeting raised a fundamental question for which sociologists currently have no answer: Why is a sociology course offered in some high schools but not in others? The only empirical study that has attempted to answer this question is more than 20 years old. After analyzing a dataset from the Connecticut Department of Economic and Community Development, and questionnaire and interview data collected from high school sociology teachers in Connecticut, I argue that the decision to offer a sociology course is made at the level of individual schools. It is not influenced by communitylevel variables, as previous research has suggested. Four factors in particular affect sociology's existence in high school curricula: student interest and enrollment, teacher changes and shortages, ongoing curriculum revision, and the prevalence of standardized testing. In conclusion, I recommend ways in which sociologists and ASA representatives might take these results into account as they continue to lobby for increasing sociology's presence in high school curricula.\n      </p>", "The sociology of music has been an area largely left to European sociologists. In an effort to generate greater domestic interest in the field, an examination of Max Weber's methodology and an update to his study of music is proposed. Fewer occupations or cultural projects are more social than making music, and the domestic sociological community's absence from the debate is deplorable given the dominant position our country possesses regarding musical production. Weber's Sociology of Music, which combines urban theory, class/labor theory, rationalization theory, and even climatic changes, is an excellent place to begin a thorough discussion of the social components of music. Our present understanding of cultural theories, urban theories, and Habermas's Communicative Action Theory can be employed to improve on Weber's theory; toward a new approach for the study of the sociology of music.\n      </p>", "The article is devoted to the \"subjective method\" and the role of value preferences, as underscored in Russian proto-sociology, developed by the populists in discussions with the \"ethical Marxism,\" on the one hand, and with positivists, on the other. The main issue\u2014how was the apologia of individual in these studies connected to the ideals of social development?\u2014 leads to the question, whether such ideals could be based on an inborn moral law or \"universal good\" in the spirit of empirical-positivist theories. Is the use of ethical categories in scientific knowledge admissible in principle, and if so, to what degree? How should the measure of subjectivity in historical or sociological studies be \"regulated,\" and are there universally binding solutions to these problems?\n      </p>", "Over the last twenty years the organization of business activity appears to have shifted from an emphasis on bureaucratic organizations toward an emphasis on market structures. Economic self-interest has acquired a new social legitimacy, and the force of traditional moral authorities has waned. In these circumstances the work of Emile Durkheim on the problematics of business ethics and the impact of a culture of self-interest on the stability of society, work that has hitherto been neglected by the business ethics community, acquires a new relevance. In this paper we review Durkheim's problematization of business ethics, establish its relevance for the contemporary world, and use it to develop an empirical research agenda for the contemporary sociology of business ethics.\n      </p>", "Facilitating as well as inhibiting factors underlie the adoption of educational computing innovations. A survey of 213 graduate-degree offering sociology departments found approximately 8% of the instructors utilizing computers for instruction. Responses from 225 of these sociology instructors provide a profile of how computer techniques are integrated into a variety of sociology courses. Instructors utilizing computers for instruction tend to be low in academic rank and in years since the Ph.D. This is probably a consequence of differential training and perhaps of the assignment of lower rank instructors to methods and statistics courses. As computer technology continues to expand some of these patterns of adoption may persist.\n      </p>"], "words": {"essay": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "themes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "devoted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 33, "prob": 0.0002732817410531285}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teaching": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "women": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "mainstream": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seemingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deficient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unrelated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enhance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facilitating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "intersection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plays": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "business": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "new": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "harbors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "men": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "component": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "french": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "desired": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focused": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "address": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "directions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appears": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "great": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engage": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "receive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involved": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "larger": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "studies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "distinct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "negative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "few": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "examination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "theoretical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tocqueville": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standardized": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "on": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "successful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effort": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 20, "prob": 0.00016562529760795664}, "science": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenge": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "work": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reviews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "my": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "history": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "attribute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "neglected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "dropped": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "educational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "locates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discussion": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "six": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bourdieu,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "max": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goals,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "response": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "a": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "classics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "four": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greek": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "definitions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "order": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "feedback": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "argues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "course": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attitude": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "cole": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "journals": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "before": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "position": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "personal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highlights": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organisation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutions,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "systems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stephen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "areas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "might": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "setting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weber": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "good": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impulses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inception": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hitherto": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "association": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "articles": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "james": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "university": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alexis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "traces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "idea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crucial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "content": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sociological": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "dominated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "newly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cause": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sexuality,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surveys": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "approaches": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "nietzsche": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "british": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "american": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "place": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twenty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "moving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "occupations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "number": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "little": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "revival": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "parallel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "priority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "underlie": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hundred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shifted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classroom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "completed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zealand,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "haven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diffusion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "essay,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preparation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "historical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distinguished": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 31, "prob": 0.0002567192112923328}, "este": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addressing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "san": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "seen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dismissive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "karl": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relatively": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "studying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasis": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "take": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "towards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "though": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "study,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "discursive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "detriment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "left": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "review": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "incomplete": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "music": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minnesota": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "should": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "de": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "secondary": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scientist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "available": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "art": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disaster": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "culture": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "are": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "discussions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "close": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "nuclear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "away": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "conceptual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preserve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "korea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "article": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "declining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "c": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "career": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "s": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "represented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bureaucratic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perspectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "three": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "been": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "workshop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "direction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficacy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transatlantic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "former": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "case": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expanded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "examines": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "prevalence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "engaged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "it": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "itself": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 36, "prob": 0.00029812553569432196}, "technology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "movements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "author": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "media": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "same": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discourse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "literature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associations,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "published": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interpersonal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scholars": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "bourdieu": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undertakes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "largely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "variety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "well": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "spent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 106, "prob": 0.0008778140773221702}, "soviet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scholarship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identify": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discipline": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "visualization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "renewed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "processes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thinking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "had": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "friedrich": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adoption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "associations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ago,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "emergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unique": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "standardization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "qualitative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ignore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "either": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "terminology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "publics": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "crowd": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pierre": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "commonplace": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sociology": {"number": 41, "prob": 0.00033953186009631113}, "highlighting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "integration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overlap": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "religion": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "critical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethos": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "be": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "scientific": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "power": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "journal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pressure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "transformations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chapter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparison": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "about": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sociology,": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "of": {"number": 93, "prob": 0.0007701576338769984}, "graduation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experiences": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "efforts": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "discusses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "own": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "synthesis,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communication": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commitment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "education,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ussr": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accounts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "female": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specialized": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "undertaken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "area": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "editor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "war": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pakistan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "with": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "assessment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "achieving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "placed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sometimes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutionalized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "imagination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "periods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "as": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "retrospective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "no": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scholarly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "graduate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "triangle,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "francisco": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "separate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sociologists": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "professional": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "gap": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prolific": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}}}