{"total_words": 1203, "documents": ["This study estimated the economic impact of schizophrenia-related direct costs (medical and nonmedical costs) in Spain. Direct medical costs (hospitalizations, outpatient consultations, drug costs) and direct nonmedical costs (costs of informal care) were estimated based on prevalence costs for 2002. The total costs of schizophrenia were estimated at \u20ac1,970.8 million; direct medical costs accounted for 53% and informal care costs 47%. Despite having implemented a conservative approach, the health care costs associated with schizophrenia account for 2.7% of total public health care expenditure in Spain. The sum of medical and nonmedical costs give us a better definition of the magnitude of the problem in Spain as well as contributing to helping make the debate on this issue more transparent.\n      </p>", "External and cranial measurements were determined for live-trapped Iberian lynxes and lynx skulls from Do\u00f1ana National Park, Spain, and its surroundings. Skins of Iberian lynxes from the same population collected between 1895 and 1986 were examined to determine pelage-pattern characteristics. Adult (\u22652 years old) males were larger and heavier (27.3%) than adult females. Age-classes were statistically different for most skull measurements. Considerable variation was found between juveniles (0.5-1 year old) and subadults (1-2 years old). In 10 of the 19 skull measurements, adult males were significantly larger than adult females, including length of m1, mandibular fossa-length of P4, height of mandible, length of skull, and condylobasal length. Iberian lynxes were similar in size to the Nearctic bobcat (L. rufus) and the Canadian lynx (L. canadensis). Three main pelage patterns were present in the Do\u00f1ana population until 1960. Genetic variation of this population may have decreased during the past 3 decades as exemplified by the loss of the two rarest pelage patterns.\n      </p>", "The conservation problems of brown bears (Ursus arctos) in the Cantabrian Mountains of Spain include illegal hunting and habitat loss. Recovery Plans recommend increasing the number of guards in key areas, declaring more Parks and Reserves, and evaluating environmental impacts. Even though their application is still minimal, Recovery Plans are to date the best technical and legal instrument in existence for brown bear preservation in Spain.\n      </p>", "An annual average of 77 claims for damages allegedly caused by brown bears (Ursus arctos) totaling 7,159,229 pesetas ($71,592 US) were reported in the 2 year period of 1989-90 in Spain. Of these claims, 97% were from the Cantabrian Mountains and 3% were from the Pyrenees, reflecting the different sizes of the 2 bear populations. Analysis of the 1,035 claims in Asturias (Cantabrian Mountains, northwest Spain) between 1973 and 1990 revealed more claims concerning cattle and horses than other livestock. Damage complaints peaked in September. Besides the local availability of anthropic food resources, interannual variations in the spacial distribution of claims appear to be due to particular and local bear population trends. These trends should be closely monitored because of the degree of threat to these populations. The bear recovery plans in Spain should consider compensating for damages caused by this species, as well as the damage problem caused by wolves (Canis lupus) and wild boar (Sus scrofa) because they indirectly affect brown bear conservation.\n      </p>", "In this piece of work an analysis is made of the ten main aspects of planning and management of coastal zones in Spain, studied within the general context of the country. The ten analysed aspects can be interpreted as a analysis the structure of coastal management of a certain area. Although other issues of interest can be studied for coastal management in Spain, ten have been considered the most important: coastal policies, legislation, distribution of responsibilities, administration, strategies, tools, administrators, economic resources, knowledge and information, and participation. During the last 25 years, there has been a series of decisive structural changes of a political, institutional, social and economic nature. These changes have contributed significantly to an improvement in the system of coastal planning and management. This system cannot, however, be classified as integrated. Besides the elaborated general diagnosis, guidelines are proposed to enable the improvement of coastal management in Spain in the future. /// En este trabajo se analizan los diez principales aspectos de la planificaci\u00f3n y gesti\u00f3n de las \u00e1reas litorales en Espa\u00f1a. Tales aspectos se han estudiado dentro del contexto general del pa\u00eds. Los diez aspectos analizados, adem\u00e1s, pueden ser interpretados cono una propuesta de an\u00e1lisis de la gesti\u00f3n costera de un \u00e1rea determinada. Aunque es posible estudiar otros asuntos de inter\u00e9s para la gesti\u00f3n costera de Espa\u00f1a, los diez considerados m\u00e1s importantes son: pol\u00edtica costera, legislati\u00f3n, reparto de responsabilidades, intituciones, estrategias, intrumetnos, t\u00e9cnicos, recursos econ\u00f3micos, conocimiento e informaci\u00f3n, y participati\u00f3n. En los \u00faltimos veincitico a\u00f1os han tenido lugar cambios estructurales decisivos de naturaleza pol\u00edtica, institucional, social y econ\u00f3mica. Estos cambios han contribuido de forma significativa a mejorar el sistema de planificaci\u00f3n y gesti\u00f3n litoral. No obstante, este sistema no puede ser definido como integrado. Adem\u00e1s del diagn\u00f3stico general elaborado se proponen algunas directrices que pueden mejorar la gesti\u00f3n costera espa\u00f1ola en el futuro.\n      </p>", "Varicella is a very common childhood disease responsible for an important number of hospitalizations every year in Spain. The aim of this study was to assess the burden of chickenpox hospitalizations in Spain in the 7-year period between 1999 and 2005. Data of hospital discharges relating to varicella were obtained from the Conjunto M\u00ednimo B\u00e1sico de Datos (CMBD), the Spanish surveillance system for hospital data. All paediatric hospitalizations for primary varicella that occurred between 1 January 1999 and 31 December 2005 were selected. The hospitalization rate for the 7-year study period was 23\u00b706 hospitalizations/100 000 population. The highest incidences of hospitalizations were observed in the youngest groups (60\u00b779 and 55\u00b765/100 000 population for ages 0-12 months and 1-2 years respectively). Nineteen deaths were reported during the study period. The median length of stay in hospital was 4 days (interquartile range 3-7 days). Despite the availability of effective varicella vaccines, chickenpox remains an important cause of hospitalizations in Spain.\n      </p>", "While the prevalence of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) in Spain is high, the incidence in comparison to the United States and Japan is low. Spain's rate of deceased organ donation is the highest in the world, and its renal transplant incidence rate is also relatively high. In addition, ESRD care represents a large portion of the overall health care budget. Quality of care in the National Health Service is not determined by competition or performance rewards; instead, several health agencies and scientific societies monitor it. Nevertheless, nephrologists with low salaries have relatively few professional and economic incentives to improve quality.\n      </p>", "Rue was one of the main medicinals in the European folk tradition, and it was also considered an important means of protection against supernatural evil in many parts of the world. All of the primary ethnobotanical sources from Spain were reviewed for information about the uses and importance of this plant. The data were analyzed for both content and geographical distribution. The most frequent applications relate to medicinal, veterinary, or protective virtues. The results show a high correspondence of the main medicinal uses to the pharmaceutically demonstrated properties of the plant: emenagogue and abortifacient; digestive; improve circulation; treat rheumatism; treat infections and inflammation; to relieve pain, and remove parasites among others. Most of the uses cited for Spain occur in several areas of the country, showing a high degree of homogeneity of the ethnobotanical knowledge of these species in Spain. The main recipes and applications are discussed. /// La ruda es una de las principales plantas medicinales en la tradici\u00f3n europea, y se considera tambi\u00e9n un importante medio de protecci\u00f3n contra el mal sobrenatural en muchos lugares del mundo. Se han revisado los datos sobre el uso e importancia de esta planta en todas las principales publicaciones etnobot\u00e1nicas de Espa\u00f1a. Se analizan la frecuencia y distribuci\u00f3n geogr\u00e1fica de los datos; las aplicaciones m\u00e1s frecuentes est\u00e1n relacionadas con virtudes medicinales, veterinarias y protectoras. Los resultados muestran una gran coincidencia entre los principales usos medicinales y las virtudes farmac\u00e9uticamente probadas de la planta: emenagoga y abortiva, digestiva, circulatoria, antirreum\u00e1tica, antis\u00e9ptica y antiinflamatoria, analg\u00e9sica y repelente contra los par\u00e1sitos, entre otras. La mayor\u00eda de los usos mencionados en Espa\u00f1a coinciden en lugares alejados entre s\u00ed, lo que muestra un alto grado de homogeneidad en el conocimiento etnobot\u00e1nico sobre esta planta en Espa\u00f1a. Se comentan las principales recetas y aplicaciones.\n      </p>", "A survey of lesbigay publishing in Spain (including works in Castilian and Catalan), the study identifies some antecedents, significant contributors and titles, and also includes cinema, cultural studies, and major critics. Input by Latin American expatriates or exiles living in Spain amplifies the coverage, which also considers marketing and relevant issues. Changes in censorship and unproved cultural integration under \"la Democracia\" are examined, together with the advent of specialized reviews and journals, reference works, specialized lexicon and translations.\n      </p>", "Planning for recreational activities in protected areas involves an understanding of multiple and complex factors. Segmentation of the recreational supply and demand in natural areas, together with identification of the main conditioning factors of recreational use, are useful for park management. In this study, the recreational supply (trails) and demand (visitor characteristics), as well as some other features of a recreational system, were typologically studied in the Aig\u00fcestortes i Estany de Sant Maurici National Park (Lleida, Spain). Through the application of a Multiple Correspondence Analysis (when dealing with demand) and Cluster Analysis (when dealing with both supply and demand), 4 groups of visitors and 3 groups of trails were identified. A positive relationship was observed between the difficulty of the trails and the visitors' educational level, sex, and time spent in the park; and a negative relationship between trail difficulty and the age of the visitors, conservationist perceptions, and demand for accommodation (hotels, mountain lodges, etc). Visitors who were inclined to take either the easiest or the most difficult trails (about 65% of all visitors) showed group characteristics with the greatest differences. Suggestions for managers of protected areas are discussed, including direct application of information generated by this approach in the recreational management of the Aig\u00fcestortes i Estany de Sant Maurici National Park and other natural areas.\n      </p>", "We studied brown bear (Ursus arctos) reproductive rates by monitoring females with cubs in the 2 unconnected populations in the Cantabrian Mountains in northwest Spain. Annual average number of females with cubs, number of cubs, and litter size were 5.00, 11.20, and 2.24 respectively, for the western population (1986-90), and 1.67, 2.67, and 1.67, respectively, for the eastern population (1988-1990, except mean litter size, 1985-90). The significantly larger litter size for the western population (P &lt; 0.05) may be related to greater food availability. At least 2 of the 6 females breeding in 1989 bred again in 1991 after an especially good hard-mast crop in 1989 and 1990.\n      </p>", "Runoff generation and soil erosion were investigated at the Guadalperal\u00f3n experimental watershed (western Spain), within the land-use system known as dehesa, or open, managed evergreen forests. Season and type of surface were found to control runoff and soil-loss rates. Five soil units were selected as representative of surface types found in the study area: hillslope grass, bottom grass, tree cover, sheep trails, and shrub cover. Measurements were made in various conditions with simulated rainfall to gain an idea of the annual variation in runoff and soil loss. Important seasonal differences were noted due to surface cover and moisture content of soil, but erosion rates were determined primarily by runoff. Surfaces covered with grass and shrubs always showed less erosion; surfaces covered with holm oaks showed higher runoff rates, due to the hydrophobic character of the soils. Concentrations of runoff sediment during the simulations confirmed that erosion rates at the study site depended directly on the sediment available on the soil surface.\n      </p>", "Asthma is a major public health problem, with variable trends in several countries. We analysed mortality trends from asthma in Italy and Spain between 1980 and 1996. Overall asthma-related mortality at all ages increased between 1980 and 1987 in both sexes in Italy, from 16.6 in 1980-1981 to 29.0 in 1986-1987 per million males, and from 8.0 in 1980-1981 to 13.8 in 1986-1987 per million females, but decreased thereafter to reach 14.6 per million in males and 8.7 in females in 1996. The downward trends after 1987 were consistent in middle age and elderly population, but asthma mortality tended to rise in children and young adults over the last few years. In Spain, overall age-standardized mortality rates from asthma declined in men from 37.8 in 1980-1981 to 10.1 in 1996, and from 19.5 in 1980-1981 to 13.2 per million females in 1996. In women, the fall in mortality rates was smaller, and overall mortality was higher than in males since early 1990s. Trends of asthma mortality in Italy and Spain were favourable over the last decade.\n      </p>", "This study estimated the indirect costs (productivity loss) caused by mortality and morbidity of cervical and breast cancers in Spain. We used two alternative methods: (a) the traditional human capital (HC) approach and (b) the friction cost (FC) method. The annual costs were \u20ac43.4 and 288.7 for cervical and breast cancer, respectively, by the HC approach and \u20ac1.1 and 11.6 million by the FC approach. Cost-of-illness studies help to illustrate the real dimension of health problems and should be a major concern for health policies. Indirect costs are relevant information about diseases. However, the estimated indirect costs depend heavily on the approach adopted.\n      </p>", "For hunter-gatherer groups, the dramatic changes in climate at the end of the last glacial cycle necessitated rearrangement of land use, including shifts in mobility strategies, settlement location, and resource use. We examine these behavioral changes using lithic attribute data as well as spatial distributions of artifacts and features. Using data from intensive survey and excavation, we trace human ecological response through the onset of the current interglacial in central Mediterranean Spain, comparatively far from the margins of the north-temperate ice sheets.\n      </p>", "Spaniards say that their fiestas reflect their various cultural identities and \"personalities\" and that fiesta cycles in towns and cities define a \"community.\" Cycles at the regional level supposedly define a \"people\" or \"nationality.\" A similar cycle of fiestas occurs at the level of the nation-state, but this \"community\" is ignored, or denied, by many for political and historical reasons. \"Spanish\" nationality is still a dilemma in Spain. However, the national fiesta cycle offers a model for a non-hierarchical, plural Spain.\n      </p>", "Background: Population-based estimates of hospitalization rates for varicella provide data of the severe and costly end of this disease. Objective: To estimate the annual burden of hospitalization due to primary varicella in the 17 Autonomous Regions of Spain. Methods: Data were obtained from the national surveillance system for hospital data and comprises all hospital discharges for varicella reported during the 1995-2000 period. Results: The overall incidence of hospitalizations was 2.7 per 100,000 persons per year (ranging from 3.2 in Navarra to 1.5 in the Canary Islands). Forty-eight deaths were reported during the period. Each year varicella was responsible for 3017 days of hospitalization in persons \u226410 years of age and 3333 days in persons &gt; 10 years of age. The annual cost of these hospitalizations was 1.2 million and more than 500.000 euros for persons \u226410 years and &gt; 10 years of age, respectively. Conclusion: Varicella is associated to a severe morbidity in children, adolescents and adults in Spain. The burden of varicella is likely to be potentially reduced by effective immunization programs.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the status of Corporate Ethical Policies (CEP) in large companies in Argentina, Brazil and Spain, with a special emphasis on Corporate Ethics Statements (CES), documents that define the firms' philosophy, values and norms of conduct. It is based on a survey of the 500 largest companies in these nations. The findings reveal many similarities between these countries. Among other things, it emerges that most companies give consideration to ethics in business and have adopted some kind of formal or informal ethical policies. Regardless of whether or not they have a CES, companies agree that ethical conduct must be taken into account when selecting, appraising and promoting personnel as an important ethical policy. There is a growing tendency to draw up formal corporate ethics documents. These documents are perceived, first and foremost, as supporting the development of corporate culture. Most respondents believe that primary responsibility for ethical issues in the company rests with the CEO. Finally, the findings indicate that most companies that devote more resources to communicating and implementing CESs have two or more formal ethics documents. The main differences between the countries included in the study concern the emphasis given to specific aspects, such as avoiding misconduct or taking ethical criteria into account when selecting personnel. The emphasis is greatest in countries where corruption seems most prevalent.\n      </p>", "The objective of this study is to estimate the association of birthplace with mortality from cardiovascular diseases in residents of Spain by analysing immigrant populations that are unlikely to have adopted health-related attitudes and behaviours of the host country. Data from the population register and cause of death register were used for the period 2001-2005. The study included people aged 20-64 years. Age-adjusted mortality from cardiovascular diseases\u2014and from ischaemic heart disease, cerebrovascular disease and hypertension-related disease\u2014according to birthplace were estimated and compared with those for the native Spanish population by mortality rate ratios. Compared with the native Spanish population, residents who came from Eastern Europe, Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia had a higher risk of mortality from most of the cardiovascular diseases analysed. Women from North Africa and the Caribbean also had a higher risk of cardiovascular mortality. A higher risk of mortality from ischemic heart disease was observed in persons from the Middle East, and from cerebrovascular disease in those from Eastern Asia. Compared with the native Spanish population, residents from South America and Eastern Asia had a lower risk of mortality from ischemic heart disease. This pattern of mortality from cardiovascular diseases in residents of Spain who have come from different regions of the world is very similar to the findings of studies in other countries, and probably reflects the burden of disease in the countries of origin.\n      </p>", "In this paper, I seek to document and substantiate the notion of the production of socio-natures by elaborating how Spain's modernization process after the Civil War became a deeply and very specific scalar geographical project, articulated through the production of a specific technonatural hydraulic edifice. I shall focus on the momentous transformation of the hydraulic environment during the Franco period (1939-1975) and seek to reformulate Spain's socio-hydraulic reconstruction in the context of a double and partly contradictory 'scalar' politics. Two theoretically interrelated arguments guide this endeavour. On the one hand, Franco's ideological-political mission was predicated upon national territorial integration, the eradication of regionalist or autonomist aspirations, and a concerted discursive and physical process of cultural and material national(ist) homogenization and modernization. On the other, the production of the technonatural material infrastructures of this modernizing programme was predicated upon re-scaling the 'networks of interest' on which Franco's power rested from a national visionary to an internationalist geo-economic and geo-political imagination, articulated through Spain's integration in the US-led Western Alliance.\n      </p>", "Penzigomyces catalonicus sp. nov., collected on dead branches of an unknown tree species in Spain, is described and illustrated. This fungus is characterized by short, dark brown, percurrent conidiophores, usually doliiform conidiogenous cells and ellipsoidal or slightly obclavate, (2-)3-4(-6) euseptate, thin-walled conidia. The new taxon is compared with species from other morphologically similar genera, and a key to the known species of Penzigomyces is provided.\n      </p>", "Since the transition to democracy in Spain in 1975, both total fertility and rates of church attendance of Catholics have dropped dramatically. In this study the 1985 and 1999 Spanish Fertility Surveys were used to investigate whether the significance of religion for fertility behaviour\u2014current family size and the spacing of births\u2014changed between the survey dates. In the 1985 survey, family size was similar for those Catholics who actively participated in religious activities and those who, though nominally Catholic, were not active participants. By 1999, the family size of the latter was lower and comparable to the family size of those without religious affiliation. These findings accord with the declines in both church attendance and fertility in Spain. The small groups of Protestants and Muslims had the highest fertility. Women in inter-faith unions had relatively low fertility.\n      </p>", "We report results from a two year study (1986, 1987) of a breeding population of Grey Heron (Ardea cinerea) in the Duero river basin (Spain). The breeding season lasted from mid-February to the end of May, with some variation between years and colonies. Most birds arrived in February and March and usually occupied the nest of the previous year. Nest occupation appeared to coincide with the date when daily temperature reached a minimum of 8\u00b0 C. The number of egg failures was high; 31.5 percent of eggs did not produce chicks, and many pairs laid replacement clutches. An average of 1.31 (SD = 0.46, N = 124) clutches per pair were recorded for the whole breeding population. Clutches were laid in two distinct periods, with a peak in March, and again from the second half of April to the first half of May.\n      </p>", "We report the harvesting of an average of 4,000 kg of saffron milk caps (Lactarius deliciosus Fr.) per day during four to six weeks between mid-October and mid-November in a village of 200 inhabitants in northern Spain. Nearly every inhabitant picks saffron milk caps, for which they receive an average of 2 \u20ac/kg. A family of four could make a profit of 5,600-8,400 \u20ac in a season (average annual income per family in the area is 18,727 \u20ac). Pickers sell the harvested mushrooms either to a local middleman or directly to the buyer, who then takes the produce to the final point of sale, usually in Catalonia, where the demand for saffron milk caps is increasing yearly. This trade has occurred for 30 years, and began when saffron milk caps started to appear in the area after pine trees were introduced to replace the native oaks. This study provides evidence that the collection and marketing of wild edible fungi is a profitable task on a local and national scale.\n      </p>", "Smoking patterns were examined in 2500 individuals, aged 14-70 years living in Castille and Leon (Spain) in the fall of 1992. Of these, 39.6% were regular smokers, 7.2% were occasional smokers, 14.8% were former smokers, and 30.4% were non-smokers. Sex differences were striking: there was a higher prevalence of regular smokers among males than females, males smoked much more, and were more frequently French-type cigarette smokers. A comparison of the present figures with data from an earlier survey carried out in 1989 suggests that smoking is decreasing in Spain.\n      </p>", "Linked life histories of children and of their parents living in Aranjuez (Spain) between 1870 and 1950 are used to assess the health and well-being of children in terms of the survival status of their parents. The loss of a mother leads to dramatic increases in the mortality of young children, especially during the first 2 years of life, while the loss of a father has a rather limited negative impact. Over time the relative importance of the loss of a mother increases sharply, thus affording strong, albeit indirect, evidence of their role for mortality reduction during the demographic transition. Heights of military conscripts are used to assess other elements of health unrelated to survival. Results suggest that orphans were noticeably shorter than non-orphans. Over time this effect diminishes thanks to increasingly effective public assistance for orphans.\n      </p>", "It was the aim of the present study to evaluate Borrelia burgdorferi antibody prevalence in the province of Madrid, located in central Spain. A total of 1825 serum samples from the general population were tested by an indirect immunofluorescence assay. Specific B. burgdorferi antibodies were found in 63 (3.45%) of the samples. Statistical differences were found according to sex.\n      </p>", "Africans in Spain have a large historical presence and influence, but recently a growing official discourse of Europeanization since the incorporation in the European Union puts in a serious danger the Africanity of Spain and leads to a growing racism. This article describes the different generations of Black populations in Spain, the identity conflicts and how one can organize and defy the dominant discourse.\n      </p>", "Dirofilaria immitis is the causal agent of canine and feline cardiopulmonary dirofilariasis. Moreover, the existence of canine dirofilariasis implies a risk for human populations living in an endemie area in which, the parasite can cause pulmonary dirofilariasis. The Spanish epidemiological situation is not well understood, lacking data from many central and Northern provinces. In our study, epidemiological data on canine and human dirofilariasis for La Rioja (Northern Spain) have been obtained for the first time. The overall prevalence of D. immitis in dogs was 12% (9% of patent and 3% of occult infections), being 11-6% the seroprevalence of human residents in this province. The geographie distribution of both canine and human D. immitis infections in La Rioja is restricted to humid and irrigated areas near the Ebro Valley River, being absent in the rest of the province where h\u00fcls and mountains predominate.\n      </p>", "From an overall point of view, the epidemiological situation of influenza C virus infections in western Europe is hardly known. In some countries like Spain, no epidemiological survey has been carried out to determine whether influenza C virus does or does not circulate and cause infection in the considered geographical area. We thus decided to perform such a study. A total of 191 serum samples was collected from people (from 1.5 to 80 years old) living in Spain in October 1990. These sera were tested for the presence of antibodies to influenza C virus by hemagglutination-inhibition (HI) tests. Significant HI activity was found in 59.3 to 64.9% of the 191 tested sera and titres ranged from 20 to 320. The high prevalence of antibody as well as the highly significant titres indicate an intense circulation of influenza C virus in Spain. A significant difference was found between children/teenagers and adults.\n      </p>", "The transfer of cattle and sheep from Spain to Mexico during the sixteenth century raises questions about regional evolution and variability of livestock economies in the source area, the regional and socioeconomic roots of the emigrants, and the ecological and economic integration of specific animals, management methods, and related products within New Spain. Such issues of diffusion, cultural adaptation and transformation must be disentangled before interpretation is attempted, and this paper focuses on the Old World antecedents. Traditional nineteenthcentury patterns of livestock herding in different regions of the Iberian Peninsula were already established in Roman times and changed but little during the Islamic period. Long-distance sheep transhumance is verified prior to the Christian reconquest and was greatly amplified thereafter. Yet late Medieval Spain was not a great ranching frontier, but an agrosystem in which farming and livestock raising always formed a complementary but interlinked economy. This duality was expressed in different forms of land ownership: cultivated land was intricately subdivided and carried clear title, while pasture zones remained to some degree in the public domain. Sheep raising, both within the mixed, Mediterranean economy and in the form of long-distance transhumance (the Mesta), was broadly familiar throughout Castile and was reflected in similar counterparts on the Mexican plateau. But cattle raising was small-scale and of subordinate importance in Spain, except in the estuarine marshland below Seville. Whereas the early cattle owners in Mexico came from all over Spain, their highly extensive management style appears to derive from the Marismas of Sevilla. This evidence may be explained by the interplay of cattle owners and cattle herders as they adjusted to a new ecology in the tropical lowlands.\n      </p>", "A study of breast cancer mortality and cancer morbidity has been carried out in Spain recently for the period 1977-1988, covering the population of the 17 Autonomous Communities and 50 provinces of the country. Data was obtained from INE, Instituto Nacional de Estad\u00edstica (National Institute of Statistics), with age standardization using the indirect method. The different Autonomous Communities and provinces were compared in order to establish possible significant differences. The crude mean mortality rate was 21 cases per 100,000 inhabitants/year; Las Palmas, Gerona, Barcelona, the Balearic Islands, Navarra and Zaragoza have the highest mortality rates, with a proportional increment of 54% in that period. The crude national mean morbidity rate for the considered period was 64.0 cases per 100,000 inhabitants, and the proportional increment 180%. According to provincial figures, Alava had the highest fitted mean morbidity rate, 135 cases per 100,000 inhabitants, whilst the highest fitted mean rate was Las Palmas (28 cases/100,000 inhabitants), and the highest proportional increment was the rate for the province of Huesca (169%). When using the ANOVA test on the mean rate of the period, for mortality as well as morbidity, we observed significant differences among provinces and among Autonomous Communities (p \u2264 0.05).\n      </p>", "We analyzed the distribution of genetic variation at 6 microsatellite loci in heavily hunted populations of red deer (Cervus elaphus) in southwestern Spain. Some hunting estates are surrounded by high mesh fences that prevent deer from leaving the estate. The primary purpose of our study was to assess whether differences exist in the degree of genetic variation in fenced versus open estates, as well as between hunting estates in comparison with a protected population in Do\u00f1ana National Park. Another purpose of the study was to estimate the extent of population differentiation. There is a significant subdivision of genetic variation; most populations studied showed a significant heterozygote deficit and positive FIS values. Genetic variation is lower in hunting-estate populations than in the protected population, but no differences exist in the level of genetic variation between populations in open and fenced estates, although open populations have smaller effective population sizes. Our analyses confirm population subdivision at different geographical scales. Population differentiation occurs at a local scale between nearby hunting estates but does not follow an isolation-by-distance model. The mating system of red deer and random drift due to hunting probably are responsible for the differentiation of nearby populations, the loss of variability, and some degree of inbreeding.\n      </p>", "The value of prenatal care is controversial and difficult to establish. A national policy for improving perinatal outcomes was proposed and applied throughout Andalusia (Southern Spain) in 1984. Here we report the results of an evaluation of this health care program as regards the prevention of preterm delivery. Effectiveness of prenatal care was assessed on the basis of two case-control studies in a hospital setting: one performed before the program was implemented (1981-1982) and the second one six years after the program began (1990-1993). A total of 229 cases and 395 controls for the period 1981-1982, and 207 cases and 381 controls for 1990-1993 were selected. Prenatal care was assessed based on the number of prenatal care visits, the date of the first visit, and an American composite index adjusting for gestational age. Multiple-factor adjusted odds ratios and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using unconditional logistic regression analysis. The use of prenatal care significantly improved across time: the proportion of women receiving no prenatal care decreased from over 30% to less than 5%, and the proportion of women starting prenatal care in the first trimester for 1990-1993 was three times greater than the figure for 1981-1982. In the 1981-1982 case-control study, the date of first visit and the composite index were shown to be unrelated to preterm birth risk; and the number of visits yielded a significant association, although no definite trend could be established. In the 1990-1993 case-control study, a clear and significant relationship was observed between the number of prenatal care visits, the trimester of the first visit, and the adequacy of care according to the composite index. This latter variable, reflecting a more stringent standard of prenatal care, was selected by a stepwise logistic regression analysis as the best predictor for preterm birth risk. The results suggest that the present Andalusian program helps prevent preterm delivery. Nonetheless, its minimum standards should be raised to further decrease preterm birth risk.\n      </p>", "Recently, a number of proposals have claimed a decentralization of the collective bargaining structure in Spain. These proposals start from the premise that the current procedures for collective bargaining are inefficient, given the predominance of intermediate-level collective bargaining, leading to persistently bad outcomes in terms of inflation and unemployment. This paper tests the validity of these proposals, analyzing whether, first, the coverage and, second, the collective bargaining structure in Spain are a determinant factor of the rates of unemployment and inflation.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a class of models obtained from the logistic curve to forecast stocks of goods. The dynamic approach allows variation of the parameters with time, thus allowing the model to adapt for changes. The observations are kept at the original scale and the model is reformulated in terms of the parameters. On-line estimates, forecasts and measures of performance are obtained. The methodology is applied to the stock of tractors in Spain. Fitted figures are obtained and compared with those from previous work.\n      </p>", "A seroepidemiological survey, using an indirect immunofluorescence test against Coxiella burnetii (antigenic phase II), was carried out in Le\u00f3n province, north-western Spain. A total of 406 serum samples was collected from people (from 15 to more than 65 years old) living in a rural environment during the winter and spring of 1994. The overall prevalence was 40.6%, titres ranged from 1:80 to 1:640, and a titre of 1:80 was encountered among 60.6% of positive samples. A significant higher prevalence was observed among males globally, as well as among those aged 15-44 and 45-64 years old; however, no difference was encountered among males and females older than 64 years. In the same way, a significant higher Q fever prevalence was observed among individuals having occupations related to agriculture and among those having close relationship with animals.\n      </p>", "Human exploitation of the upper valleys in Cantabrian Spain during the Late Glacial, based on the archaeological record, has been considered peripheral relative to the settlement of the nearby coastal plain. This territorial occupation model assumes that inland sites were used sporadically and logistically. The zooarchaeological analysis undertaken for El Mir\u00f3n Cave, located in the foothills of the Cantabrian Mountains, represents a turning point in our knowledge of late Paleolithic land use because it revealed evidence for residential functions during the summer. These new data suggest coastal-inland movements which were aimed at maximizing the exploitation of the available resources in the surrounding area. In addition, the taphonomic study of the osseous remains at El Mir\u00f3n has revealed the existence of a dual economy focused on the two most important taxa in the Late Glacial diet in Cantabrian Spain\u2014red deer and ibex\u2014in contradiction to the classical theory of a specialization in montane species at upper valley sites.\n      </p>", "In recent decades, approaches to evaluating irrigation efficiency have undergone a radical reevaluation. Classical models considered drainage water \"lost\" to irrigation by flowing out of the system. The recognition that drainage water can remain in the system and become available for use by downstream irrigators has forced the reassessment. Irrigation may be relatively inefficient at the irrigation system and field levels but quite efficient at the basin level. The implications for small-scale, gravity-flow canal systems managed by farmers, which constitute 85% of the world's irrigated area, are significant. These implications are explored in an historic and ethnographic analysis of the chain irrigation system of the Orbigo valley of northwestern Spain. This system of drainage and reuse helps to account for high and sustained agricultural productivity by farmers in the region over several centuries. The property rights institutions devised by farmers to manage this system are discussed and its internal organization compared with south Asian cascade irrigation.\n      </p>", "In Spain, public preschool programs have continuously expanded in the past three decades. However, this education policy has done little to support increases in the proportion of women in the paid workforce. Preschool is not child care because the former does not address the care needed by children younger than three years old and offers programs with short hours and long holidays.\n      </p>", "From 1981 to 2000 sixty-one cases of human fascioliasis were detected in the province of Gipuzkoa (Spain), most of them during the period of parenchymal invasion. Four family outbreaks were recorded. Thirty, 15, 13 and three cases were detected during the four consecutive 5-year periods. The decrease in this infection over the years is probably related to the change in eating habits.\n      </p>", "It was the aim of the present work to evaluate Rickettsia typhi antibody prevalence in 'Comunidad Aut\u00f3noma de Madrid' (CAM), an area in the centre of Spain. A total of 640 serum samples from the general population were tested by an indirect immunofluorescence assay. Specific R. typhi antibodies were found in 44 (6.8%) of the samples. The present survey results demonstrate the occurrence of R. typhi human infections in this area.\n      </p>", "This article describes the pioneering work of Jos\u00e9 Amador de los R\u00edos, author of the first modern history of the Jews of Spain. Through discussion of his life and work, the article illustrates how Spain's Jewish past became an object of debate in the nineteenth century, as Spanish scholars and politicians placed historiography at the service of rival political causes. It also explores some of the ways in which the Sephardic past figured into emergent questions of national identity and the so-called Jewish Question in Spain and elsewhere in Europe. The recovery of the Jewish past in Spain was marked by deep ambivalence, as the debate concerning Jewish absence and presence in Spain was marked by a nationalism that, though liberal, remained firmly Catholic.\n      </p>", "Study objective: To assess what healthy eating means for the European population and whether this concept differs between Spain and other European Countries. Design: A Pan-European survey was developed between October 1995 and February 1996 by the Institute of European Food Studies (Dublin). Each subject was asked to describe in his or her own words what he/she understood by 'healthy eating'. Comparisons were made among four groups of European countries (Northern, Central, Spain, and other Mediterranean countries). Setting: The survey included participants from the 15 member states of the European Union, selecting quota-controlled samples to make them nationally representative. Subjects: The questionnaire was completed by 14,331 persons, approximately 1000 from each country. Results: The responses were grouped into 89 broad categories of similar answers concerning nutritional value and afterwards these responses were collapsed to simplify the presentation. The definition of healthy eating such as 'more fiber' and 'less fat' was more prevalent in other States, members of the European Union than in Mediterranean Countries, although the definition of 'balanced diet' was more frequently mentioned in Spain than in the rest of the European Union. Conclusions: Our results show that the concept of 'balance and variety' is more prevalent in Spaniards than in other traditional Mediterranean countries. Differences in the definitions of healthy eating among European countries could be explained, at least partially by differences in consumption patterns and in the nutrition education.\n      </p>", "Aim: To locate glacial refugia of thermophilous plant species in Spain. Location: Two south-eastern Spanish Neanderthal man sites in Murcia; namely, the inland Cueva Negra del Estrecho del R\u00edo Qu\u00edpar and the coastal Sima de las Palomas del Cabezo Gordo. Methods: We use pollen found in cave sediments as a source of palaeobotanical and palaeoecological information. The findings are discussed with regard both to animal remains from both sites, and also to other refugia in south-eastern Spain and elsewhere in the Iberian Peninsula. Results: Both sequences show persistence of abundant mesothermophilous trees during the last glacial stage, suggesting both localities were reservoirs of phytodiversity and woodland species. At both sites, deciduous and evergreen oaks are the most abundant components, followed by a wide variety of deciduous trees and sclerophyllous shrubs, including Ibero-North African xerothermic scrub near the coast. Conclusions: Incomplete information underlies a common misapprehension that Iberian glacial refugia were confined to southernmost parts of the peninsula. A rather different picture of Quaternary refugia emerges from consideration of pollen sequences from caves (and other inputs such as macroscopic charcoal, spatial genetic structure of present-day populations, faunal remains, and present-day distribution of thermophilous species). This picture offers a view of numerous viable areas for woodland species in southern Spain, in addition to others in the mountain ranges, both in continental central Spain and those of northern Spain: these stretch from the Mediterranean coast of Catalonia to the westernmost extent of the Bay of Biscay.\n      </p>", "Chromosome numbers of twenty taxa, almost all of them Iberian endemics, of the genera Teucrium, Sideritis, Thymus and Salvia are reported. New chromosome numbers are given for the following taxa: Teucrium homotrichum (2n=78), T. hifacense (2n=26), T. rivasii (2n=26), T. rivas-martinezii (2n=26), Sideritis edetana (2n=30), S. murgetana subsp. littoralis (2n=28), and the hybrid S. \u00d7viciosoi (2n=27). The first count on Iberian material for Salvia pratensis (2n=18) is reported. Chromosome numbers have been confirmed for the rest of the taxa studied on material from SE Spain. Karyotype analyses and taxonomic remarks are included.\n      </p>", "The diet of the European brown bear (Ursus arctos) was studied in the Cantabrian Mountains, Spain, by analyzing the frequency of occurrence and percent volume of 929 feces collected 1983-1988. Plant material was the predominant food during spring and summer (84.1 and 44.8% of total volume, respectively) until more nutritious foods became available. During autumn and winter, hard mast formed the greatest part of the diet constituting 61.5 and 49.9% of the total volume, respectively. Livestock and wild ungulates were supplementary foods for bears, usually obtained by scavenging rather than predation. Insects were consumed year-round, ranging from 19.5% volume in summer to 0.1% in winter. Remnant deciduous forests and upland creek drainages were prime feeding areas of bears.\n      </p>", "Pertussis in healthcare workers is of particular concern, as they can be in contact with infected patients and may transmit the infection to susceptible patients, co-workers and other contacts. This study was carried out to examine the prevalence of pertussis antibodies in hospital personnel. A total of 487 healthcare workers \u226525 years in age and students (19-24 years) in hospital training were recruited. The overall prevalence of pertussis antibody determined by ELISA was 51.7%. No significant differences on prevalence by age group (19-24, 25-34, 35-44 and \u226545 years) and occupation (student, physician, nursing personnel and non-healthcare occupations) were found. In Spain, health care personnel in a general hospital will not have a significantly higher risk of serologically detectable contact with B. pertussis. Fifty percent of physicians and nursing personnel working in hospital were seronegative for pertussis antibody. A high percentage of these subjects will be susceptible to infection.\n      </p>", "This article traces the process of the adoption of intravenous drug use in a Madrid neighborhood between 1978 and 1990 and how that process influenced the local spread of HIV/AIDS. During this period, intravenous drug use reached massive proportions in Spain and became a main factor in the spread of HIV/AIDS in the country. Data collected on 245 intravenous drug users and the motives and circumstances of first intravenous drug use in 124 cases show a consistent pattern of social transmission, a high prevalence of HIV infection among drug users, and a high risk of infection for their partners and children. Contrary to prevalent stereotypes, often heroin was not the first drug injected.\n      </p>", "The moss Tortella alpicola Dixon (Pottiaceae) is reported as new to western Europe (west of the Urals), where it was found in the south of Spain (Sierra Nevada range). Its distribution, diagnostic characters and differentiation from some closely related European taxa, with which it may be confused, are discussed. A map of its known distribution and light microscope micrographs are provided.\n      </p>", "Andalusia is a large territory of almost 90,000 km2 in the south of Spain. The marked heterogeneity of its orographic, lithological and climatic features affords its plants and vegetation a high degree of biodiversity. A biogeographical classification for Andalusia is proposed, based on studies of the physical environment, bioclimatic and analysis of the endemic taxa, series and plant communities found in the territory.\n      </p>", "The aim of this paper is to show how modern genetics reached Spain through the Junta para la Ampliaci\u00f3n de Estudios e Investigaciones Cient\u00edficas (JAE) during the decade of 1920s, the role played by key persons, and the level of development this discipline achieved from its different points of inception and under the conditions of financial scarcity and political turmoil that prevailed during the Spanish Civil War (1936-1939). In addition, the effect of the war on the continuity of the lines of research already began is outlined, identifying the main area in which genetics first reappeared: agronomy.\n      </p>", "Percentage and concentration pollen diagrams are presented for two cores (taken 5 m apart) at an upper Pleistocene and Holocene site at Navarres (Valencia, eastern Spain). Chronological information is provided by an internally consistent radiocarbon dating series that extends from c. 20 700 to 3075 yr BP. The results highlight the dangers of relying on a single core in interpreting the patterns of variation of particular taxa. Significant palynological differences, seemingly locational, are described between the two cores. The upper Pleistocene records accords well with the widely recognized European sequence of (a) upper Pleniglacial, (b) Bolling-Allerod warm period, and (c) Younger Dryas crisis. However, the sequence does not show disruption of vegetation patterns following the commencement of the Holocene, and Pinus continues to be dominant up to c. 5500-6000 yr BP. Later, there is evidence for Quercus forest, mesophilous trees, and xerosclerophyllous Mediterranean vegetation, which is coincident with eutrophication of the study site. These vegetation changes are discussed in the context of anthropogenic disturbance by Neolithic people, competitive exclusion, and climatic change.\n      </p>", "This paper identifies the variables associated with alcohol-related fatal traffic crashes (AFTC) in Spain. In addition, and for the first time in this country, these variables are used to describe the trend in AFTC, and to study the relationship between AFTC and alcohol consumption over the period 1976-1993. To this end, official data were obtained from the Traffic Department (Directi\u00f3n General de Tr\u00e1fico), the National Statistics Institute (Instituto Nacional de Estad\u00edstica), and from international publications on trends in alcohol consumption. Nighttime fatal crashes (NFC) and male-driver single-vehicle nighttime fatal crashes (MNFC) were strongly associated with AFTC rates in Spain. A further finding was the decrease in NFC and MNFC rates during the period 1978-1993, though this decrease proved of a lower magnitude than that observed for daytime crashes. No relationship was observed between alcohol consumption at the population level and NFC or MNFC rates. The fatal crash rate, particularly the dayitme rate, showed a rise with wealth level, as measured by gross domestic product and national private consumption, and in inverse relationship with the unemployment rate. The relationship between the fatal crash rate and economic variables was due, in most part, to changes in vehicle-km travelled.\n      </p>", "The knowledge of specific problems of occupational cancer in Spain is scarce. The environment of the workplace has improved over the last few years after a long period distinguished by bad working conditions, incomplete legislation, and insufficient safety measures and control. It has been estimated that 3,083,479 workers (25.4% of employees) were exposed to carcinogens. The most common occupational exposures to carcinogenic agents were solar radiation, environmental tobacco smoke, silica, and wood dust. The highest number of employees were exposed to silica crystalline (404,729), diesel engine exhaust (274,321), rubber products (99,804), benzene (89,932), ethylene dibromide (81,336), agents used in furniture and cabinet making (72,068), and formaldehyde (71,189). The percentage of total cancer deaths attributed to occupational exposure was 4% (6% in men, 0.9% in women). Compared with other European countries, the incidence of lung cancer and leukemia in Spain are one of the lowest, but it is rapidly increasing. The incidence of urinary bladder and larynx cancer, on the contrary, are one of the highest. Few studies on occupational cancer have been conducted in Spain. The main problems are the availability of death certificates and the quality of the information on occupation in mortality of statistics. It is necessary to improve methods of assessment of exposures using expert hygienists and biologic markers of exposure and diseases. Reduction of cancer by limiting or avoiding exposure to known occupational carcinogens is still necessary.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the tension between the struggle to survive in a competitive economy and efforts to create more democratic workplaces in the Basque worker cooperative complex in Mondrag\u00f3n, Spain. Data from archival research, participant observation, and interviews are used to outline the historical context of structural change and policy-making in the complex. Language used in internal policy discussions is analyzed to explore the way in which arguments about efficiency have shaped interpretations of structural change and these organizations' policy responses. It is argued that in these cooperatives, the concept of \"efficiency\" does not operate as a neutral, objective benchmark of organizational performance, but is socially and rhetorically constructed. The predominant approach to efficiency that is emerging in Mondrag\u00f3n aims to make the cooperatives more competitive, but also facilitates a gradual displacement of collectively established organizational objectives such as relative equality, job security, and favorable work conditions for ones that privilege institutional interests of profitability and stability. More importantly, it has helped usher in important changes in the policy-making process itself, limiting the range of legitimate participation and weakening broad-based control over the identification of appropriate objectives and means. The paper suggests that reframing an existing rhetorical strategy to highlight more clearly the link between efficiency and any given set of objectives would stimulate a broader discussion of policy issues and help balance more effectively the diverse interests at stake in Mondrag\u00f3n's restructuring.\n      </p>", "Notifiable avian influenza (NAI) had never been reported in Spain, until July 2006 when a dead Great Crested Grebe (Podiceps cristatus) was found positive to the highly pathogenic H5N1 subtype as part of the active wild bird surveillance plan. The current program of the Spanish Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries, and Food (MAPA)'s strategic preventive plan against NAI is divided in the following parts: identification of risk areas and risk wild bird species, increased biosecurity measures, early detection of infection with surveillance intensification and development of rapid diagnostic tests, and other policies, which include continuing education and training to ensure early detection of the disease. In 2003 an active surveillance plan was introduced for domestic fowl; the plan was extended to wild birds in 2004. A total of 18,780 samples in poultry and 3687 samples in wild birds had been analyzed through December 2005 to detect the presence and spread of avian influenza subtypes H5 and H7. In the present work we suggest some contributions to be implemented in MAPA's action plan: 1) the identification of risks because of migratory birds, within the risk assessment of the introduction of NAI virus in Spain and 2) an interactive digital simulator of the disease developed for continuing education and training. /// Los virus notificables de influenza aviar nunca hab\u00edan sido reportados en Espa\u00f1a, hasta Julio de 2006 cuando se observ\u00f3 , como parte del plan de vigilancia epidemiol\u00f3gica activa de ayes silvestres, que un Somormujo lavanco (Podiceps cristatus), que se encontr\u00f3 muerto, era positivo al subtipo H5N1 de alta patogenicidad. El programa actual del Ministerio Espa\u00f1ol de Agricultura, Pesca y Alimentos tiene un plan preventivo contra los virus notificables de influenza aviar dividido en las siguientes partes: Identificaci\u00f3n de \u00e1reas y especies de ayes silvestres de riesgo, incremento de las medidas de bioseguridad, detecci\u00f3n temprana de la infecci\u00f3n mediante la intensificaci\u00f3n de medidas de vigilancia y el desarrollo de t\u00e9cnicas de diagn\u00f3stico r\u00e1pidas y otras pol\u00edticas, las cuales incluyen educaci\u00f3n continua y entrenamiento para asegurar la detecci\u00f3n temprana de la enfermedad. En el a\u00f1o 2003 se introdujo un plan de vigilancia activa para las ayes dom\u00e9sticas, este plan se extendi\u00f3 a ayes silvestres en el a\u00f1o 2004. Se han analizado un total de 18,780 muestras en ayes comerciales y 3687 muestras de ayes silvestres desde Diciembre del a\u00f1o 2005 para detectar la presencia y diseminaci\u00f3n de los subtipos H5 y H7 de influenza aviar. En este trabajo hacemos algunas contribuciones a ser implementadas en el plan de acci\u00f3n del Ministerio de Agricultura: 1) La identificaci\u00f3n del riesgo debido a ayes silvestres, dentro de la evaluaci\u00f3n del riesgo de introducci\u00f3n de virus notificables de influenza aviar en Espa\u00f1a y 2) Un simulador digital interactivo de la enfermedad desarrollado para educaci\u00f3n continua y entrenamiento.\n      </p>", "The dynamics of oligotrophic pastures were analyzed in the area of El Pardo (Central Spain), and related with geomorphological features and time elapsed since the last ploughing. A sampling of the area was carried out regarding these two factors. The data were subjected to correspondence analysis, which showed the progressive replacement of species related to succession, variation along slopes, with a tight interaction between both phenomena. The correspondence between vegetation change and slope geomorphology is closer as succession progresses.\n      </p>", "A description of a new genus and species of braconid, Archephedrus stolamissus, from Early Cretaceous (Albian) amber from Moraza-Pe\u00f1acerrada I (Spain) is here provided. This is the first fossil Aphidiinae described in Cretaceous amber. The fossil has some typical characters of the subfamily but possesses a unique assemblage of characters among aphidiines, such as a fairly robust abdomen, with a more pronounced articulation between the first and second, instead of the second and third, metasomal segments, as well as several wing venational traits. The distribution of this and other aphidiine fossils, as well as their putative phylogenetic placement as basal among Aphidiinae, is discussed, supporting a Northern rather than Southern Hemisphere origin for the lineage.\n      </p>", "This paper reports an ethnobotanical investigation, performed between 1999 and 2002, to determine the wild food plants traditionally used in the province of Madrid (central Spain). One hundred and twenty-three vascular species belonging to 31 families were at one time used as vegetables, wild fruits, in the making of beverages, as seasonings, or as other preparations. Wild vegetables formed the largest group, with Scolymus hispanicus, Silene vulgaris, and Rumex pulcher the most frequently cooked vegetables, and Rorippa nasturtium-aquaticum and Montia fontana the most commonly used in salads. Also common was the consumption of asparagus and several species of climbing plants such as Bryonia dioica, Tamus communis, and Humulus lupulus. Ethnobotanical novelties included Sonchus crassifolius, the young sprouts of which were used in salads, and Inula salicina, used to make herbal tea. Some ecological and cultural aspects of the collection of wild plants for food are discussed, as well as the relationships between the food and medicinal uses of some species. /// En este trabajo se exponen los resultados obtenidos en un estudio etnobot\u00e1nico, realizado entre 1999 y 2002, sobre las plantas silvestres usadas tradicionalmente en la alimentaci\u00f3n en la regi\u00f3n de Madrid, en el centro de Espa\u00f1a. Se ha registrado el uso de 123 especies vasculares, pertenecientes a 31 familias, incluyendo verduras, frutos silvestres, plantas utilizadas para elaborar bebidas, condimentarias y otros usos alimentarios de menor entidad. El grupo de verduras es el m\u00e1s numeroso, destacando por su mayor frecuencia de uso Scolymus hispanicus, Silene vulgaris y Rumex pulcher como verdura cocinada, as\u00ed como Rorippa nasturtium-aquaticum y Montia fontana para elaborar ensaladas. Igualmente est\u00e1 bastante extendido el consumo como esp\u00e1rragos de diversas especies de plantas trepadoras, como Bryonia dioica, Tamus communis y Humulus lupulus. Entre las novedades etnobot\u00e1nicas destacamos el consumo en ensalada de los brotes tiernos de Sonchus crassifolius y de Inula salicina como infusi\u00f3n digestiva. Se discuten finalmente algunos aspectos ecol\u00f3gicos y culturales de la recolecci\u00f3n de plantas silvestres, as\u00ed como la relaci\u00f3n entre los usos alimentarios y medicinales de algunas especies.\n      </p>", "The long-standing controversy concerning Islamic diffusion of cultivars and irrigation technology to Spain is approached by comparing Roman and Islamic agrosystems at the general, regional, and local levels. We describe the Roman intensification of the older Mediterranean agrosystem and then examine the subsequent agricultural and demographic decline between A.D. 250 and 800. The operation, organization, and evolution of large, intermediate, and small-scale irrigation are analyzed in seven case studies from the Valencia region of eastern Spain. The largest systems were refurbished in Islamic times, but during a period when Berber and Arab settlement was thin and acculturation of the indigenous population incomplete. As a result the Roman agrosystem and irrigation networks remained largely unchanged, despite the presence of new technologic features and cultivars. Later transfer of irrigation agriculture to the adjacent mountain valleys followed the Roman model, but with more Islamic elements apparent. Muslim agriculture in the area remained characteristically Mediterranean after the Christian Reconquest (A.D. 1238), and it survived largely intact into the present century, even after the Muslim expulsion in 1609. By focusing on the cultivars and the technology, as well as on the agrosystems as a whole, we are able to compare Roman and Islamic intensification objectively. They differed in degree rather than kind, with far more continuity than change. Finally, we examine the processes of Islamic diffusion and indigenous adaptation.\n      </p>", "This article examines the political uses of history and memory in Spain since the death of General Francisco Franco in 1975. The myth of the war as a collective tragedy facilitated the democratic transition, as did the Amnesty Law of 1977, which applied to the agents of Franquist repression as well as its victims. Once democracy was consolidated, professional historians clarified military responsibility for the civil war and documented the extent of the repression; the right responded by reviving the Franquist myth of the civil war as a crusade against communism. \"Memory\" replaced history in public discourse with the breakdown of the transition consensus and the maturation of a generation with no recall of the war or the dictatorship. Demands for official condemnation of the dictatorship and public recognition of its victims culminated in the passage of the so-called Law of Historical Memory in October 2007.\n      </p>", "For about fifty years, from the turn of the twentieth century until the 1950s, farmers in the region of the Orbigo River in northwestern Spain lifted groundwater for irrigation. Two quite different forms of property rights emerged during this period. In the Orbigo valley, small groups of farmers held the majority of water-lifting devices and groundwater as common property. Water was divided into timeshares and shares were taken in rotation. On a high plain above, farmers held water-lifting devices and groundwater as private property. Why did two different forms of property rights emerge in this place at this time? In addressing this question, a new approach to understanding institutional change is proposed, based on a synthesis of schema theory and the economics of institutions.\n      </p>", "Although the bullfight as a public spectacle extends throughout southwestern Europe and much of Latin America, it attains greatest political, cultural, and symbolic salience in Spain. Yet within Spain today, the bullfight has come under serious attack, from at least three sources: (1) Catalan nationalists, (2) Spaniards who identify with the new Europe, and (3) increasingly vocal animal rights advocates. This article explores the current debate\u2014cultural, political, and ethical\u2014on bulls and bullfighting within the Spanish state, and explores the sources of recent controversy on this issue.\n      </p>", "This article analyses the concept of Corporate Social Responsibility in relation to Human Resources (HR) management. Five potential tools are defined and their advantages and disadvantages are discussed. Finally, the implementation of the most advanced and powerful tool in this area is studied: the SA8000 standard.\n      </p>", "Study objective: To analyze the associations between educational attainment and major cardiovascular disease risk factors in the Murcia Region (Southern Spain). Design: During 1992 we conducted a survey by interview, with multi-stage random sampling, representative of the general adult population. We calculated odds ratios (OR) and trends by logistic regression as a measure of the association between educational levels and cardiovascular risk factors, taking the university level as the reference category. Participants: A total of 1514 men and 1577 women aged between 18 and 65 years was included in the study. Rate of response to the questionnaire was 61%. Seventy-eight percent of the respondents provided a blood sample. A telephone survey on a representative sample of non-respondents (n = 347), showed no statistical differences in the level of studies. Measurements: We asked for educational level (highest schooling qualification completed), and according to the WHO MONICA protocol we measured: blood pressure, cigarette smoking, height, weight and total cholesterol, tryglicerides and HDL-cholesterol. We also obtained the leisure-time physical activity by a validated questionnaire. Main results: In a context of a low level of schooling, mainly among the older age groups, the prevalence of risk factors-except smoking in women - is higher in the lower educational levels. Systolic blood pressure tends slightly to increase as schooling level decreases (both genders, p &lt; 0.02). Conversely, serum total cholesterol and triglycerides decrease with higher level of schooling in men. The high levels of HDL-cholesterol observed in all educational groups show no trend in both genders. Arterial hypertension in men and women and overweight in women tend to decrease with higher educational attainment. Moreover, higher level of education is associated with vigorous physical exercise in both genders and cigarette smoking in women. We observed the strongest significant magnitude association in non-schooling with hypertension in men (OR: 1.82; 95% CI: 1.15, 2.89), in women (OR: 2.39; 95% CI: 1.05, 5.44), and with overweight in women (OR: 3.22; 95% CI: 1.97, 5.27), meaning that compared to people at the university level, people without schooling showed two to three times higher prevalence of hypertension and overweight (only women). Also non-schooling obtained the lowest significant association with protective physical exercise for coronary heart disease in men (OR: 0.32; 95% CI: 0.18, 0.56) and in women (OR: 0.31; 95% CI: 0.15, 0.62) pointing out that people at the university level of education had three times the prevalence of vigorous physical activity than their non schoolarized counterparts. Conclusions: After adjusting for environmental factors, in our adult general population, educational attainment is inversely associated with arterial hypertension in both genders and with overweight in women, and directly associated with cigarette smoking in women and with leisure-time physical activity in both genders.\n      </p>", "Although broad-spectrum subsistence began during the Solutrean (ca. 20,000 \u00b9\u2074C BP) in Cantabrian Spain, and there was much continuity in technology and settlement between the Magdalenian and Azilian, there were dramatic changes in human use of the postglacial landscapes of this Atlantic region after ca. 9,000 \u00b9\u2074C BP. Interrupting a Terminal Paleolithic trend toward increased utilization of the montane interior of the region, the Mesolithic was mainly a coastal phenomenon. Although the Magdalenian-Azilian transition did include disappearance of cave art, the marked adaptive break came after the traditional end of the Pleistocene, with concentration of Mesolithic sites along the Holocene shore and emphasis on marine resource exploitation. An exception was the interior Basque Country, where there was significant human occupation of the upper Ebro Basin. While Mesolithic hunter-gatherers of that Ebro region were quick to incorporate Neolithic cultigens, domesticated animals, and ceramics into their lifeways\u2014by at least 6,500 \u00b9\u2074C BP\u2014their coastal Cantabrian neighbors continued to exist as fisher-gatherer-hunters until as recently as ca. 5,700 \u00b9\u2074C BP, when the interior was again much used by people.\n      </p>", "We test two alternative perspectives on the start-up size and subsequent growth of new firms in a heavily regulated (HR) economy and a lightly regulated (LR) economy. The first argues that, in an HR economy, there will be fewer new firms, and those that do start will be larger than those in an LR economy, but they will grow more slowly. A second perspective is that regulation does not influence the scale of entrepreneurship - merely its distribution between that which is registered and that which is not registered. Using parallel datasets for HR Spain and LR Britain we find some support for both perspectives. Specifically we find that registered new firms in Britain do start smaller than in Spain and do grow faster. However, when both registered and unregistered firms are included, these differences disappear.\n      </p>", "Colotis evagore (Klug) is a multivoltine pierid butterfly that has repeatedly invaded the Iberian Peninsula from Africa over the last four decades. In 1983 at invaded Spain, reproducing successfully there on its foodplant, Capparis spinosa L. During the cold season this plant is not available in most areas of Spain, and the butterfly must find alternative foodplants to maintain its populations in this newly colonized territory. Our data show that C. evagore is unable to survive on alternative cruciferous hosts, and incapable of entering diapause to avoid inhospitable times of the year and the absence of host plants. The relative growth rate of larvae depends on temperature; the threshold temperature for development is 12\u26ac C, and the estimated physiological time for larval development is 162.5\u26ac d. Our observations show that C. evagore has survived continually in certain coastal sites in southern Spain since 1983. Microenvironmental conditions in these sites are particularly favourable for the foodplant. Hence, the plant is available throughout the year, allowing the caterpillars to complete successfully their life-cycle.\n      </p>", "Since Spain's transition to democracy, abortion has been a public policy issue both inside and outside parliament. This paper describes the history of abortion law reform in Spain from 1979 to 2004 and analyses the discourse on abortion of members of the Spanish parliament by sex and political allegiance. The analysis is based on a retrospective study of the frequency of legislative initiatives and the prevalence of different arguments and positions in debates on abortion found through a systematic search of the parliamentary database. Little time was given to abortion in the parliamentary agenda compared to other women's issues such as violence against women. There were 229 bills and other parliamentary initiatives in that period, 60% initiated and led by pro-choice women. 143 female and 72 male parliamentarians took part in the debates. The inclusion of socio-economic grounds for legal abortion (64%), and making abortion on request legal in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy (60%) were the most frequent forms of law reform proposed, based most often on pro-women's rights arguments. Male and female members of anti-choice parties and most male members of other parties argued for fetal rights. Pro-choice parties tabled more bills than anti-choice parties but till now all reforms proposed since 1985 have been voted down. /// Depuis la transition de l'Espagne vers la d\u00e9mocratie, l'avortement est une question politique \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur et \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur du Parlement. Cet article retrace l'histoire de la r\u00e9forme de la l\u00e9gislation sur l'avortement en Espagne de 1979 \u00e0 2004 et analyse le discours des d\u00e9put\u00e9s espagnols, par sexe et appartenance politique. L'analyse est fond\u00e9e sur une \u00e9tude de la fr\u00e9quence des initiatives l\u00e9gislatives et de la pr\u00e9valence des diff\u00e9rents arguments dans les d\u00e9bats sur l'avortement, effectu\u00e9e \u00e0 l'aide d'une recherche syst\u00e9matique dans la base de donn\u00e9es parlementaire. Les travaux parlementaires ont consacr\u00e9 peu de temps \u00e0 l'avortement par comparaison \u00e0 d'autres questions int\u00e9ressant les femmes, comme la violence contre les femmes. On a recens\u00e9 229 propositions de lois et autres initiatives parlementaires pendant cette p\u00e9riode, dont 60% lanc\u00e9es et dirig\u00e9es par des femmes favorables \u00e0 l'avortement. Parmi les d\u00e9put\u00e9s ayant particip\u00e9 au d\u00e9bat, il y avait 143 femmes et 72 hommes. L'inclusion de motifs socio-\u00e9conomiques pour l'avortement l\u00e9gal (64%) et la l\u00e9galisation de l'avortement pendant les 12 premi\u00e8res semaines de grossesse (60%) \u00e9taient les propositions les plus fr\u00e9quentes, bas\u00e9es le plus souvent sur le droit des femmes \u00e0 choisir. Les membres masculins et f\u00e9minins de partis oppos\u00e9s \u00e0 l'avortement et la plupart des membres masculins d'autres partis militaient pour les droits du f\u0153tus. Les partis pour le libre choix ont pr\u00e9sent\u00e9 davantage de propositions de loi que les partis contre l'avortement, mais, depuis 1985, toutes les r\u00e9formes ont \u00e9t\u00e9 refus\u00e9es. /// Desde la transici\u00f3n de Espa\u00f1a a la democracia, el aborto ha sido asunto de pol\u00edticas p\u00fablicas dentro y fuera del parlamento. En este art\u00edculo se describe la historia de la reforma de la ley de aborto en Espa\u00f1a desde 1979 hasta 2004, y se analiza el discurso sobre el aborto por parte de los parlamentarios espa\u00f1oles, por sexo y afiliaci\u00f3n pol\u00edtica. El an\u00e1lisis se basa en un estudio retrospectivo de la frecuencia de iniciativas legislativas y la prevalencia de diferentes argumentos y posiciones en debates sobre aborto, encontradas mediante una b\u00fasqueda sistem\u00e1tica en la base de datos parlamentaria. No se dedic\u00f3 mucho tiempo al aborto en la agenda parlamentaria, comparado con otros asuntos relacionados con las mujeres, como la violencia contra \u00e9stas. Hubo 229 iniciativas parlamentarias en ese per\u00edodo, el 60% iniciadas y dirigidas por mujeres por el derecho a decidir; 143 diputadas y 72 diputados participaron en los debates. La aceptaci\u00f3n de motivos socioecon\u00f3micos para tener un aborto legal (64%) y la legalizaci\u00f3n de la pr\u00e1ctica de abortos a petici\u00f3n en el primer trimestre del embarazo (60%) fueron las formas m\u00e1s frecuentes propuestas para reformar la ley, principalmente a ra\u00edz de argumentos referentes a los derechos de las mujeres. Hombres y mujeres afiliados a partidos contra el derecho a decidir, y la mayor\u00eda de los hombres afiliados a otros partidos abogaron por los derechos del feto. Los partidos por el derecho a decidir presentaron m\u00e1s proyectos de ley que aquellos en contra, pero hasta ahora, se ha votado en contra de todas las reformas propuestas desde 1985.\n      </p>", "Spatial ecology and diet of Iberian lynx (Lynx pardinus) and the abundance of its main prey, the European rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus), were studied in southwestern Spain from December 1992 to December 1996 when a decline in rabbit populations occurred. Our objectives were to relate spatial ecology of lynx to rabbit abundance, water availability, and protection from human disturbance. Rabbits were almost the sole prey of lynx; rabbit remains were present in 99.2% (n = 1,171) of feces analyzed. Rabbit abundance and density in 6 different habitats were estimated by line transect sampling. Rabbits were more abundant in Mediterranean scrubland, closely followed by ash stands. Pastureland and lentiscus in plantations had 4.5 times fewer rabbits, and pine plantations 15-20 times fewer rabbits, than the Mediterranean scrubland. Abundance of rabbits in the Mediterranean scrubland was not spatially uniform, as density for 1994 and 1995 varied from 42-55/ha in the area close to the edge of the marsh (locally called the Vera) to 2-7/ha far from the Vera. Rabbit density was 3.5 times higher during spring than during autumn. A decline in rabbit density occurred in 1996 when numbers were 72-91% lower than the previous years. We mapped warren density in Mediterranean scrubland and pastureland to determine intra-habitat differences in spatial distribution of rabbits. Warren density, entrance density, and mean number of entrances per warren declined significantly with distance from the Vera in the Mediterranean scrubland, following a negative exponential function (adj. r&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt; ranging between 83 and 97%). However, none of these variables showed any trend in relation to the Vera in the pastureland. The lynx population contained three stable pairs of adults plus young raised each year, some of which remained on the study area as subadults (older than one year). The seasonal number of different lynx in the study area ranged between 7 and 17. Average adult and young/subadult seasonal density was 0.77 (range = 0.72-0.88) and 0.46 &lt;tex-math&gt;$\\text{individuals}/{\\rm km}^{2}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; (range = 0.07-1.12), respectively. We estimated home range and daily movements of lynx to determine changes that might be due to sex, season, or changing prey density. On average, total lynx home range size was &lt;tex-math&gt;$7.3\\ {\\rm km}^{2}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; for young, &lt;tex-math&gt;$9.5\\ {\\rm km}^{2}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; for adult females, and &lt;tex-math&gt;$18.2\\ {\\rm km}^{2}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; for adult males. Mean core areas (60% isopleth using the kernel approximation) were on average 15%, 10%, and 34% of total home ranges of young, adult females, and adult males, respectively. Significant differences were found for home range and core area sizes among sex-age classes, but neither season nor year affected home range size or core area size. Daily movements averaged 8.0 km. Daily distance traveled was not affected by sex-age class or season, but was different among years, with lynx traveling shorter distances in 1993 and 1996. Daily home range size averaged &lt;tex-math&gt;$1.46\\ {\\rm km}^{2}$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, and again only varied by year. Lynx daily movements were associated with permanent, artificial water sites. Habitat use by lynx was remarkably constant, with no differences detected among sex-age classes, active or inactive locations, seasons, or years. The habitat most frequently used was Mediterranean scrubland (53% of locations), and both it and ash stands were the only habitats preferred by lynx; pine and eucalyptus plantations were avoided, and marsh, pastureland and lentiscus in plantations were neither preferred or avoided. When lynx were found in the non-preferred habitats, on most occasions (78%) animals were closer than 300 m from the edge of one of the two preferred habitats, whereas on only 4% of occasions were animals further than 1 km. This behavior was particularly accentuated when lynx moved through open habitats. Lynx appeared to respond to high human presence, as they were mainly located inside the National Park (82% of occasions), and when outside the Park they more frequently used the areas that were farther from a tourist village. We used a Geographical Information System (GIS) to estimate average rabbit density and number of rabbits within lynx home ranges. On average, rabbit density within home ranges was 5.6/ha. The habitats that sustained more rabbits were Mediterranean scrubland (74.2% of total number of rabbits within home ranges) and ash stands (32.2% for 6 home ranges where these habitats were available). Rabbit densities within core areas were similar to those found in home ranges. Throughout the study period the lowest rabbit density estimated within home ranges was about 1/ha in autumn 1996. The number of rabbits per lynx ranged between 1,367 in spring 1994 and 73 in autumn 1996. Rabbit density within home ranges, core areas, and the trapping area were not correlated with range size (P's &gt; 0.2). Lynx and rabbits preferred the least human-transformed scrubland habitats; therefore natural habitats must be favored over plantations and pastureland areas. The edges of the preferred habitats were also heavily used by rabbits and consequently by lynx. The vegetation structure of the preferred habitats was characterized by intermediate understory cover (25-35%), low tree cover, and large and frequent grasslands. The rabbit decline observed during the study did not affect lynx spatial behavior or reproduction. Therefore, rabbit densities as low as 1 and 4.6/ha for the times of the lowest and highest rabbit density (i.e., autumn and spring, respectively) were enough to sustain the lynx population. Other factors such as the presence of permanent water sites and relatively low human presence are important components of quality lynx habitat.\n      </p>", "A pollen study of a peat-bog sited in the pinewood of Lillo (Leon, Spain) is presented. The diagram shows an initial phase where a well-developed pinewood was dominant with deciduous species, followed by a selective clearance process of Pinus. Finally, the pinewood recovers again towards a similar state to that described at the beginning of the profile. Radiocarbon dates point that the timing of peat formation took place around 1720\u00b1 60 years BP and the deforestation on 780\u00b1 80 years BP. The results have allowed to explain the autochthonous character of Lillo pinewood, which remains as one of the few relics of the southern slopes of the Cantabrian Range.\n      </p>", "The Vega Baja del Segura is a region in southeastern Spain with a long history of combining commercial agriculture and labor-intensive manufacturing (producing footwear, wooden boxes, fishing nets, carpets, and other items). At present, manufacturing firms competing in a global market put pressure on the local subcontractors for lower costs. Creating wealth here depends on producing cultural and social differences among people who otherwise share feelings of belonging to the same family, village, region, or class. Further, history is an active force in the construction of present-day social relations and of the practical consciousness called culture.\n      </p>", "Community structure and distributional spectra of seveteen shrubland and heathland communities in Southern Spain were studied. Ordination analysis of species cover arranged samples according to two main environmental factors: soil acidity and topographical elevation. Distributional spectra of shrublands on basic soils were mainly composed of Circum- and West-Mediterranean species. However, towards higher elevations, the proportion of Iberian and Ibero-North African species increased. Heathlands on acid soils showed a higher proportion of Ibero-North African species. A negative relation was found between species richness and soil fertility. The infra-generic diversity increased towards higher altitudes. Relevance of 'seeder' versus 'sprouter' regeneration strategies is disscused for dominant species.\n      </p>", "This article introduces the important issue of communicating with small firms about ethical issues. Evidence from two research projects from the U.K. and Spain are used to indicate some of the important issues and how small firms may differ from large firms in this area. The importance of informal mechanisms such as the influence of friends, family and employees are highlighted, and the likely ineffectiveness of formal tools such as Codes and Social and Ethical Standards suggested. Further resarch in the area of small firms and ethics is essential.\n      </p>", "Klitzschophyllites choffatii (Saporta sensu Teixeira) emend. is reported from the upper Albian of the Utrillas Formation at the Plou locality, Teruel Province, northeastern Spain. The species shows obovate microphylls; dense, flabellate primary and secondary veins interconnected by fine, reticulate tertiary veins and intersecting with an intramarginal vein; and small glands in sinuses between triangular teeth. It exhibits more affinities with basal eudicots (especially some Ranunculales) than with monocots. Sedimentological and taphonomic evidence, along with morphofunctional features, supports a freshwater hydrophytic habit for K. choffatii.\n      </p>", "1 The fossil pollen record of Ca\u00f1ada de la Cruz in the Segura mountains of southern Spain yields insights into high-elevation vegetational dynamics over the last c. 8320 years. Phases of xerophytic grassland alternate with high-mountain open pine forests and expansion of deciduous forests and Mediterranean scrub at lower altitudes. 2 Longer-term stable vegetation patterns are interrupted by multidecadal to centuryscale shifts at about 7770, 3370, 2630, 1525 and 790 years BP. 3 Some of the vegetation types have no modern analogues and represent high-altitude remnants of widespread last-glacial xerophytic communities. Other species patterns, characteristic of current scrub associations, appeared only within the last 800 years. 4 The sequence fits within the regional context of a generally wet mid-Holocene (c. 7700-3300 years BP) characterized by spread of mesophilous vegetation, between drier conditions characterized by greater abundance of xerophytes. 5 The pollen record and current ecological studies on high-elevation vegetation of Mediterranean Spain suggest that control of vegetation is primarily climatic although grazing pressure, which would have pushed vegetation over a threshold for change, cannot be discounted.\n      </p>", "Bone Paget's disease is heterogeneously distributed and several foci of high prevalence have been reported in Spain. The aim of the present work was to determine the prevalence of the disease in a zone situated in the northwestern sector of the Province of Salamanca (Spain) using a cross sectional epi-demiological study. Sample choice was based on a stratified sampling according to the residence, age and sex of the inhabitants of the zone. A sampling error of 5% and a confidence level of 95% were considered; these afforded a sample of 378 units. Final choice of the subjects was based on a random pathway method. Data collection was accomplished with a personal interview using a 31-item questionnaire and analytical screening (AP and GGT). The field work was carried out over a one-year period. The data were input onto a calculation sheet for analysis and epidemiological interpretation. Finally, clinico-radiological confirmation of the cases deemed positive in the screening was accomplished. The prevalence of PBD in the zone studied is 5.7% (95% CI: 4.5-6.9). The highest percentage of patients lies within the age group between 70-79 years; most of these patients were women. The mean residence time in the zone was 66 years. According to the findings, this geographic zone has a high prevalence of PBD.\n      </p>", "Lecanora burgaziae, a new epiphytic species, is described from central Spain. It belongs to the Lecanora varia group with amphithecial cortex, and is closely related to L. densa and L. varia by the presence of psoromic acid and a distinctly thickened amphithecial cortex. The major differences are in thallus color, apothecia appearance and shape, and spore size. Lecanora burgaziae has a green thallus and greenish to slightly brown apothecial disc. Additionally, it has a thin apothecial margin and average spore size interval that does not overlap with other species in the group. We also included the first report of Lecanora coniferarum, L. densa, and L. laxa in Europe. A synopsis of the species of Lecanora varia group with amphithecial cortex in Spain is presented. Descriptions, notes on the ecology and distribution, and a key to the 10 species recognized in Spain are included.\n      </p>", "A case-control study on gastric cancer was carried out between 1987 and 1989 in four regions of Spain. Three hundred and fifty-four cases of histologically confirmed adenocarcinoma were included (235 men and 119 women). For each case, a control was selected, matched by sex, age, and area of residence, from the same hospital as the case. No association was observed with smoking, nor with the consumption of coffee or tea. The usual consumption of alcohol was associated with gastric cancer in men (odds ratio = 1.54, 95 percent confidence interval = 1.03-2.31), but there was no dose-response relationship. No association was observed in women. All estimations were carried out taking into account the effect of the dietary factors associated with gastric cancer. In accordance with previous evidence, the association observed between gastric cancer and alcohol appears not to be causal.\n      </p>", "This paper argues and provides evidence that the stock of immigrants in a country has a positive effect on the share of its bilateral intra-industry trade (IIT). The paper links the literatures about immigration and trade and about IIT determinants. The key is that immigration contributes to trade transaction costs reduction and this would benefit the trade in differentiated products, i.e. IIT, more than the trade in homogeneous products, i.e. inter-industry trade. We test this hypothesis using Spanish data and departing from the models developed by Helpman. Results are robust to different IIT measures, estimation methods and specifications.\n      </p>", "This study analyzes the faunal assemblages corresponding to the Middle and Upper Paleolithic and the Early Epipaleolithic for the central Spanish Mediterranean Region dated from between 135,000 and 9,000 B.P. To interpret these data, we employ a zooarchaeological and paleoeconomic perspective. Human large and small game hunting systems are analyzed through the identification of the origins of faunal assemblages, bone breackage patterns, and prey selection patterns. Our study shows that hunting systems changed significantly through time, which may be related to the characteristics of the Mediterranean ecosystem and, above all, to cultural changes.\n      </p>", "In this article I examine expressions of class and gender identity in a worker-peasant community in rural Galicia (Spain). While men who have worked for decades in migrant destinations define their own class positionality partly through reference to the unpaid, subsistence work that is performed mainly by women who remain in the community, these same women adeptly \"code switch\" between \"strong woman\" and \"pretty girl\" demeanors through their work activities, dress, and use of domestic spaces. Using the example of ethnographic data from this one part of rural Europe, I argue for the broader importance of anthropologists considering how laboring bodies become gendered; the intersections between gender and class identities; and connections among mixed livelihood strategies, the continuity of self-provisioning activities, and resistance to fully commoditized consumption.\n      </p>", "The present monitoring study was undertaken to analyze the impact of atmospheric pollution on the lichens found near a power station in northern Spain. Data from 565 relev\u00e9s gathered on 113 sites were analyzed. In areas near the power station the lichen species belong to the Xanthorion community. In areas away from the power station and that are not under the influence of dominant winds, the lichenic diversity increases and the species present belong to the Parmelion community. In intermediate areas between the two, there is a great increase in lichen diversity, in these areas there is a replacement of the species that typically belong to the Xanthorion community, by species typical of the Parmelion community. Because of this we propose the analysis of the number of lichen species together with the distribution of bioindicator taxa as a complement to lichen diversity analysis in biomonitoring studies.\n      </p>", "We studied butterfly communities of isolated woodlots (3.6-2115 ha) in central Spain during 1991 to investigate the influence of area, shape, isolation and habitat on community structure. A total of eighty-one species was observed. Butterfly diversity, rather than species number, was significantly correlated with both woodland area and isolation (area of woodland within 1 km of the study plots). Rounded rather than long thin fragments are, apparently, advantageous for the maintenance of butterfly diversity. Species diversity increases as patchiness of forest fragments increases. A measure of rare and interesting communities in an European context, Kudrna's (1986) chrologocial index, decreases with area, presumably as a consequence of habitat changes (area affects habitat structure). These results may generte contradictory decisions in relation to butterfly species conversation.\n      </p>", "The molluscan successions from thick calcareous sediments exposed in the Rio Henares valley near Baides, central Spain, have been analysed. The main sequence comprises a thick unit of bedded silts, with occasional interbedded gravels and sands. These silts accumulated in a marsh on the river floodplain between 9940 \u00b1 120 BP and 6210 \u00b1 854 BP. Pollen spectra from this period are completely dominated by Pinus which reaches frequencies of $\\thicksim 80%$ . The silts have yielded a hygrophilous fauna which includes several taxa which today are scare or very local. These include Vallonia enniensis (Gredler) and towards the top Vertigo moulinsiana (Dupuy) and V. agustior Jeffreys. This unit is overlain by tufa containing an aquatic community that includes some brackish elements. A date of 5160\u00b1 90 BP has been obtained from charcoal from a palaeosol representing a pause in tufa growth when the surface was invaded by species of dry ground. The tufa is overlain by slope deposits containing re-worked elements from the tufa, mixed with a xerophilous fauna that includes Zebrina detrita (Muller) and Orculella bulgarica (Hesse). The latter species is particularly noteworthy because it is only known as fossils or from dead shells from a few scattered localities in southern Europe, Turkey and Soviet Asia. The comparatively young data of 2640 \u00b1 70 BP from this sequence suggests that it may well persist in this part of Spain. A further section, immediately south of the others, represents a much drier facies with a higher proportion of xerophiles including Trochoidea geyeri (Soos), Truncatellina callicratis (Scacchi) and in the upper levels Granaria braunii (Rossmassler). Because of the effects of facies, the sections could not be correlated using molluscan biostratigraphy but their relationships have been established by radiocarbon dating charcoal using accelerator mass spectrometry. These are the first detailed molluscan successions of this age to be analysed from the Iberaian peninsula. A preliminary study of the modern fauna revealed several taxa that were not recovered from the deposits. Their absence must either be due to the sediments reflecting a different depositional facies or else these species may be recent arrivals to the area. Unlike comparable profiles reported elsewhere in northern Europe, these successions do not reveal the progressive replacement of open-ground communities by those of woodland. Instead open-ground and marsh faunas persisted at this site throughout the Holocene. As this occurs at quite a high elevation $(\\thicksim900 m)$ in the Spanish meseta, it remains to be seen to what extent it represents the situation generally in Iberia.\n      </p>", "Objectives: To investigate the relationship between gastric cancer and the intake of specific carotenoids (\u03b1-carotene, \u03b2-carotene, lutein, and lycopene) and flavonoids (quercetin, kaempferol, myricetin, and luteolin) using new data on their concentration in foods. Methods: Case-control study carried out in Spain that included 354 cases of gastric cancer and 354 controls, matched by age, gender, area of residence and hospital. Usual food intake was assessed using a dietary history questionnaire. Results: In a multivariate model adjusted for several dietary factors, no association was found between intake of any of the studied carotenoids and the risk of gastric cancer. The adjusted OR of gastric cancer for the highest quartile of total flavonoid intake versus the lowest quartile was 0.44 (95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 0.25-0.78; P for trend = 0.003). Kaempferol intake was found to be protective (OR = 0.48; CI = 0.26-0.88; P for trend = 0.04) comparing the highest versus the lowest quartile of intake. A trend toward lower risk of stomach cancer with higher intake of quercetin was also found. Conclusions: The results of this study support the hypothesis that the well-established protective effect of fruit and vegetables against gastric cancer could, in part, be due to the presence of flavonoids.\n      </p>", "The continued decline of marital fertility in Navarre (Spain) during the first few decades of the twentieth century was associated with an increase in life expectancy and greater survival to adulthood. This decline affected all social strata and all geographical regions, rural areas as well as cities. Nonetheless, the decline was not homogeneous. Some sectors of Navarrese society began the fertility transition earlier than others. Cross sectional analysis is presented for different years of diverse variables that could be related to the levels of marital fertility: level of urbanization, occupation of the father, level of religious devotion and political factors. Statistical evidence is presented that confirms the relationship of these variables to the levels of fertility. /// Le d\u00e9clin continu de la f\u00e9condit\u00e9 l\u00e9gitime en Navarre (Espagne) pendant les toutes premi\u00e8res d\u00e9cennies du XXe si\u00e8cle fut associ\u00e9 \u00e0 un accroissement de l'esp\u00e9rance de vie et \u00e0 une plus forte survie en d\u00e9but d'\u00e2ge adulte. Ce d\u00e9clin a touch\u00e9 toutes les classes sociales et toutes les r\u00e9gions g\u00e9ographiques, autant rurales qu'urbaines. Cependant, ce d\u00e9clin n'a pas \u00e9t\u00e9 homog\u00e8ne. Certains secteurs de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 commenc\u00e8rent leur transition f\u00e9conde plus t\u00f4t. Une analyse transversale est pr\u00e9sent\u00e9e ici, couvrant pour diff\u00e9rentes ann\u00e9es un certain nombre de caract\u00e9ristiques qui peuvent \u00eatre reli\u00e9es \u00e0 la f\u00e9condit\u00e9 l\u00e9gitime: le niveau d'urbanisation, la profession du p\u00e8re, l'intensit\u00e9 de la pratique religieuse et les facteurs politiques. La d\u00e9monstration statistique qui est faite confirme les relations de ces variables avec le niveau de la f\u00e9condit\u00e9.\n      </p>", "El divorcio es una realidad introducida pronto por la democracia en Espa\u00f1a. La Ley del divorcio se promulga en 1981. Esto s\u00f3lo es posible por un contexto social adecuado y por la existencia de unas percepciones favorecedoras, que recientemente permitieron una nueva reforma a\u00fan m\u00e1s liberal, en el 25 aniversario de su existencia legal. Este trabajo plantea de entrada un an\u00e1lisis de la historia de la investigaci\u00f3n sobre la percepci\u00f3n del divorcio en Espa\u00f1a. Se centra en el periodo de origen de la Ley, finales de los a\u00f1os setenta, hasta comienzos del siglo XXI, vertebrando su an\u00e1lisis en torno a dos aspectos fundamentales: su aceptaci\u00f3n y justificaci\u00f3n. Los resultados muestran unas percepciones que han evolucionado con rapidez pero que definen una tendencia bipolar. Espa\u00f1a es uno de los pa\u00edses que m\u00e1s justifica el divorcio pero, asimismo, uno de los que muestra un alto grupo social en posturas tradicionales. /// Divorce is a reality that was soon introduced by democracy in Spain. The divorce law was passed in 1981. This was only possible because the social context was right and because of the existence of favorable perceptions, that recently allowed a new, even more liberal, reform to take place: the 25th anniversary of its legal existence. First, this project proposes an analysis of the history of research into the perception of divorce in Spain. It focuses on the period when the law originated, at the end of the 1970s, and extends to the beginning of the 21st century, this analysis moving around two basic aspects: its acceptance and justification. The results show perceptions that have evolved quickly but which define a bipolar tendency. Spain is one of the countries where divorce is most justified, but it is also one of those that shows a large social group that adopts traditional positions.\n      </p>", "This paper analyses local differences in access to basic health services in the province of Teruel (Spain), one of the most sparsely populated areas in Europe. The demographic decline and the concentration of the remaining population in the main settlements has meant that there is a high degree of spatial fit of supply and demand and average aggregate accessibility is good. However, access costs are high for the scarce and aged population resident in the most remote villages and hamlets scattered over an extensive and tacitly ignored territory. In such circumstances the demands of the inhabitants for more attention from the public authorities, expressed through the 'Teruel Exists' movement, can be readily understood.\n      </p>", "Objectives: To analyze recent trends (1980-96) in the incidence of smoking-related cancers among men and women in Tarragona, Spain. Methods: Data were obtained from a population-based cancer registry. Age-standardized incidence rates were computed. Secular trends, between 1980 and 1996, were estimated using a Poisson regression model. From these figures, age, period, and cohort effects were assessed using the method proposed by Holford. Results: The incidence of all smoking-related cancers combined increased significantly in both sexes. The annual increase was 3.0% in men and 4.5% in women. By sites the annual increase was 4.3% in oral cavity, 5.1% in pancreas, 2.5% in lung, 3.2% in bladder, and 7.7% in kidney cancers among men. Among women the corresponding increments were 7.0% in oral cavity, 7.3% in pancreas, 3.1% in lung, 2.1% in bladder, and 6.9% in kidney cancers. The increasing incidence of lung cancer in women was mostly due to the adenocarcinoma histological type. No increase was observed in esophagus and larynx cancer either in men or women. It was not possible to determine whether the increases are due to a period or cohort effect since the curvature analysis was found to be non-significant. Conclusions: All smoking-related cancers combined, except larynx and esophagus, are increasing in both sexes. The effect of tobacco, alcohol, and occupational exposure to carcinogens could explain the high rates of larynx, bladder, and upper digestive tract cancer in men. The rising incidence rates of lung cancer observed in younger women indicate a change in recent trends that is consistent with changes observed in smoking prevalence. Unless recent upward smoking trends in young women can be reversed, lung cancer in women will rise rapidly in the next few years. New smoking prevention strategies aimed at Spanish women, especially in the younger age groups, should be developed.\n      </p>", "We analyzed the food composition of 47 regurgitations and 11 stomach contents from nestling Eurasian Spoonbills (Platalea leucorodia) in the colony of the estuary of the Odiel River (southwestern Spain). With a single exception, all prey consumed by nestlings were saltwater aquatic animals. Fish, particularly killifish (Fundulus spp.), were the most common and abundant component of the diet, accounting for 71% of the prey items. Prawns (Palaemonidae) appeared in half the food samples and accounted for 19% of the prey items. Relative abundance of potential prey at foraging habitats and in the diet suggests that fish were preferred over other prey types. The mean body length of the fish found in the food sample was greater than that at foraging habitats. /// Se describe la dieta de la Esp\u00e1tula (Platalea leucorodia) a partir del examen de 47 regurgitaciones y 11 contenidos estomacales de pollos procedentes del estuario del r\u00edo Odiel (Suroeste de Espa\u00f1a). Salvo el Cangrejo Rojo (Procambarus clarkii), que fue encontrado en un est\u00f3mago, todas las presas consumidas por los pollos fueron animales de agua salada. Los peces, y en particular el Samarugo (Fundulus spp.), fueron las presas mas comunes y abundantes en la dieta, representando el 71% de los animales ingeridos. Les siguen en importancia los camarones (Palaemonidae), que representan el 19% de las presas. La comparaci\u00f3n entre la abundancia relativa de presas potenciales en los h\u00e1bitats donde se alimentan las esp\u00e1tulas y la encontrada en la dieta sugiere que las presas preferidas son los peces. La longitud media de los peces ingeridos por los pollos de esp\u00e1tulas fue mayor que la de los provenientes de nuestros muestreos del h\u00e1bitat.\n      </p>", "The Ebro River in northern Spain was sampled weekly for Grey Herons, Ardea cinerea, between September and April of 1992-93 and 1993-94. Post-breeding migration occurred mainly in September and October, pre-breeding migration in February and March. The wintering population during the remaining months was small. Young birds were abundant in autumn, but were present in smaller numbers during the remainder of the year. Temperature and water level may be important factors driving young to search for more favorable places. The percentage of birds found in groups significantly increased from autumn to spring. The average group size was greater in spring than in autumn or winter. These groups were composed mostly of young birds in autumn, and adults in winter and spring. /// En un r\u00edo del norte de Espa\u00f1a se ha muestreado semanalmente la poblaci\u00f3n de Garza Real, Ardea cinerea, entre los meses de septiembre y abril de 1992-93 y 1993-94. La migraci\u00f3n post-reproductora tuvo lugar sobre todo en septiembre y octubre, la pre-reproductora en febrero-marzo, y en el resto de los meses la poblaci\u00f3n invernante fue poco importante. Los j\u00f3venes fueron mayor\u00eda en oto\u00f1o, y minor\u00eda en el resto del invierno, debido probablemente a que las condiciones meteorol\u00f3gicas (sobre todo temperatura) y el nivel del agua en el r\u00edo les obligan a abandonar esta zona, buscando lugares m\u00e1s favorables. El porcentaje de aves agrupadas aument\u00f3 significativamente de oto\u00f1o a primavera. El tama\u00f1o medio de bando fue mayor en primavera que en oto\u00f1o e invierno. Los bandos estuvieron formados principalmente por j\u00f3venes en oto\u00f1o y por adultos en invierno y primavera.\n      </p>", "We monitored 3 wild brown bear (Ursus arctos) cubs orphaned in July 1991 (approximately 6 months old) in the Cantabrian Mountains over autumn, denning, and den emergence periods, totalling 57 observation days and more than 113 hours time-in-sight. Their diet followed that reported in bear diet studies from the area and included items unknown to them. They denned from 8 December to 18 March and separated in early May 1992, at least 1 year earlier than other litters. Their home range from October 1991 to May 1992 was 0.82 km2. We suggest that they limited themselves to a previously known, small area to maximize their security to the detriment of their feeding opportunities.\n      </p>", "The ELISA test, using excretory-secretory antigen from larvae II of Toxocara canis, was applied on 1018 sera (793 from adults and 225 from pediatrics) distributed in: A) patients with an hypereosinophilia where the ethiological agent was undetermined (99); B) patients with ocular complaints compatible with an ocular toxocariasis (116); C) patients with hidatidosis (97); D) patient with other non-toxocaral helminthiasis (34); E) patients with other clinical features (468) and F) healthy donors (204). Over 3,6% of sera showed elevated levels of antibodies reacting with T. canis antigen. The prevalence of seropositivity was statistically higher in patients with eosinophilia (14,1%) (\u03b1&lt;0,001) and ocular complaints (6%) (0,025 &gt; \u03b1 &gt; 0,01) than in the control group (1%). In the overall seropositivity from pediatrics did not differ from that of the adults.\n      </p>", "A political discourse of peace marked the distribution and use of radioisotopes in biomedical research and in medical diagnosis and therapy in the post-World War II period. This occurred during the era of expansion and strengthening of the United States' influence on the promotion of sciences and technologies in Europe as a collaborative effort, initially encouraged by the policies and budgetary distribution of the Marshall Plan. This article follows the importation of radioisotopes by two Spanish research groups, one in experimental endocrinology and one in molecular biology. For both groups foreign funds were instrumental in the early establishment of their laboratories. The combination of funding and access to previously scarce radioisotopes helped position these groups at the forefront of research in Spain.\n      </p>", "This cost-of-illness analysis is based on information from 1848 patients in Spain and is part of a Europe-wide study on the costs of multiple sclerosis. The objective was to analyze the costs and quality of life (QoL) related to the level of disease severity and progression. Patients were identified by the Associaci\u00f3n Espa\u00f1ola de Esclerosis M\u00faltiple (AEDEM) and participated in the survey by answering a mail questionnaire (response rate 31.8%). In addition to details on the disease (type of disease, relapses, level of functional disability), the questionnaire asked for information on all resource consumption, medical, non-medical, work absence and informal care, as well as utility (QoL). The mean age of the cohort was 45 years, and only 5.5% of patients were 65 years of age or more. Approximately 36% of patients had mild disease (Expanded Disability Status Scale [EDSS] score of 0-3), 44.8% had moderate disease (EDSS score of 4-6.5) and 17.7% had severe disease (EDSS score \u22657). The mean EDSS score in the sample was 4.5 (median 5.0), with a utility of 0.55. Costs and utility are highly correlated with disease severity. Workforce participation decreases from around 70% in early disease to less than 5% in the very late stages. Hospitalization is very infrequent in early disease, representing less than \u20ac 1300 per patient per year for patients at EDSS scores &amp;lt;6, but increases steeply for patients at scores \u22657. Ambulatory care increases fivefold between early and late disease, while investments and services increase from basically no cost to just over \u20ac 6000 at EDSS scores \u22657. Productivity losses increase more than eightfold, and informal care increases from \u20ac 593 at EDSS scores of 0-1 to nearly \u20ac 34 228 at scores of 8-9. Hence, total mean costs per patient are driven by the distribution of the severity levels in the sample, increasing from \u20ac 10 425 at EDSS scores of 0-1 to \u20ac 45 264 at a score of 7, and \u20ac 65 693 at scores of 8-9. The same is true for utility, which decreases from 0.87 to 0.08 as patients progress from the mildest to the most severe disability levels. However, the utility loss compared to the age- and gender-matched general population is high at all levels of the disease, leading to an estimated annual loss of 0.28 quality-adjusted life-year per patient. Relapses for patients with an EDSS score below 5 are associated with a cost of approximately \u20ac 2750 and a utility loss of 0.1 during the quarter in which they occur.\n      </p>", "Winter breeding by Black-crowned Night Heron (Nycticorax nycticorax) in l'Albufera de Valencia, Spain, during three consecutive years is described. Winter presence in the area was recorded since 1995 and winter breeding was first confirmed in February 2001. Nests were built at roosts in wooded areas on a barrier beach, using tall pine trees (Pinus halepensis). The number of birds attending the roosts ranged 100-200 individuals, but only nine to eleven nests were built each year and only a few chicks survived to fledging. We suggest that the abundance of the introduced Red Swamp Crayfish (Procambarus clarkii) increased food availability when rice field were ploughed in early winter, and mild temperatures may have encouraged Black-crowned Night Herons to extend their presence into the winter season and to permit egg laying into the winter months. Nevertheless, the extra food supplied during rice field operations declined markedly in March and may have forced nest desertions that month.\n      </p>", "This study reports the harvesting, management, trading and use of the royal fern (Osmunda regalis) in Cantabria (Spain), where medicinal plant gathering has been mainly abandoned and nowadays only few species are still commonly gathered. We interviewed 50 adults of different age, sex, and origins to obtain information on local knowledge and management practices of royal fern. Osmunda regalis is locally considered a highly efficient remedy. The rhizome has been traditionally employed in Cantabria mainly for the treatment of bone fractures, joint disorders and rheumatic and arthritic pain. Its consumption prevails in rural areas but it is also employed in towns and cities and its demand has led to small-scale marketing. More than half of the interviewees (54%) had only passive knowledge about their medicinal uses while the rest of informants (46%) were consumers, collectors or sellers (22% 'collector-consumers', 6% 'non collector-consumers', 4% 'collector-sellers' and 14% 'non collector-sellers'). People from villages harvested O. regalis for their own consumption and expressed concern about overexploitation by a rising demand from urban areas, whereas people from cities were unaware of the ecology of the fern. The scarcity of the fern has led to rural residents to develop local management practices that contribute to the species conservation. These practices included keeping the location of the fern secret, not harvesting the complete rhizome for not killing the plant and allowing its regeneration, and cultivating the species in home-gardens. The inclusion of local knowledge in harvesting regulations might result in environmental norms accepted and internalized by the local population.\n      </p>", "Nearly 200 rock art sites of Upper Paleolithic age are currently known on the Iberian Peninsula, in both caves and the open air. Over half are still concentrated in Cantabrian Spain and they span the period between c. 30-11 kya, but--tracking the course of human demography in this geographically circumscribed region--many of the images were probably painted or engraved during the Solutrean and, especially, Magdalenian. Dramatic discoveries and dating projects have significantly expanded the Iberian rock art record both geographically and temporally in recent years, in close coincidence with the growth of contemporaneous archeological evidence: cave art loci in Arag\u00f3n and Levante attributable to the Solutrean and Magdalenian, many cave art sites and a few open-air ones in Andaluc\u00eda and Extremadura that are mostly Solutrean (in line with evidence of a major Last Glacial Maximum human refugium in southern Spain), the spectacular C\u00f4a Valley open-air complex in northern Portugal (together with a growing number of other such loci and one cave) that was probably created during the Gravettian-Magdalenian periods, and a modest, but important increase in proven cave and open-air sites in the high, north-central interior of Spain that are probably Solutrean and/or Magdalenian. Despite regional variations in decorated surfaces, themes, techniques and styles, there are broad (and sometimes very specific) pan-Iberian similarities (as well as ones with the Upper Paleolithic art of southern France) that are indicative of widespread human contacts and shared systems of symbols and beliefs during the late Last Glacial. As this Ice Age world and the forms of social relationships and ideologies that helped human groups survive in it came to an end, so too did the decoration of caves, rockshelters and outcrops, although in some regions other styles of rock art would return under very different conditions of human existence.\n      </p>"], "words": {"irrigation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evidence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "leads": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influenza": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "controversial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expressions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "settlement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "children": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methods,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rickettsia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 20, "prob": 0.00016562529760795664}, "spain": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "ethnobotanical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seroepidemiological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "very": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "every": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continued": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "borrelia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gender": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upper": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "neighborhood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cooperative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ten": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mediterranean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shrubland": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "folk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "near": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "access": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fossil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "firms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "pioneering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commercial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reported": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twentieth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtained": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cranial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "studied": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "reports": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exploitation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "runoff": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "residents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "danger": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archaeological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socioeconomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "causal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "from": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "franco": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spaniards": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mexico": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cretaceous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "live": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "memory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "until": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diagrams": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "more": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recently,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rio": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "work": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "heathland": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "del": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "history": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "brown": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "process": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "burgdorferi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "share": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "numbers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "end": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "winter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "democracy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "africans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "located": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "post": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stock": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "description": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communicating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "southern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reflect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monitoring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 31, "prob": 0.0002567192112923328}, "influence,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sp": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsibility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patients,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "healthcare": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "democratic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "september": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roots": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cardiovascular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "excretory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recreational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "late": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biomedical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "main": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "them": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevalence": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "diseases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "food": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hunter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "therapy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "faunal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "association": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dirofilaria": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "found": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identifies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dirofilariasis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "el": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "en": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cardiopulmonary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "year": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "agriculture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "es": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "living": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alcohol": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "research": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "america,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "animals,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "struggle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calcareous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "care": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "river": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turn": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "childhood": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "radical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variables": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "symbolic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spanish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reached": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thick": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sheep": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "bears": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twenty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adopted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "station": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "percentage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sixteenth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "para": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "baja": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morbidity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valley": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immigrants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "survey,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reevaluation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 40, "prob": 0.0003312505952159133}, "modern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "socio": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "spectacle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concentration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seek": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "isolated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "also": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "province": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multiple": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "class": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "considered": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "average": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "infections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "notion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epiphytic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fifty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "southwestern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scarce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northern": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "varicella": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "histories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "black": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mortality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "means": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genera": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "overall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bear": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nearly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "report": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "areas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "logistic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fertility": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ethical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "human": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "espa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peripheral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immigrant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zones": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "latin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cattle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "feline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forecast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supernatural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "occupational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "europe": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "jos": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recently": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "molluscan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficiency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyzed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "article": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "c": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sediments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "region": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "annual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "against": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "april": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spain,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "southeastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nearby": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "co": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "point": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ca": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "por": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "throughout": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perspectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "puts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "union": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "create": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "genetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "much": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adoption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "territory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hardly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "salience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "corresponding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "madrid,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "worker": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "external": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "smoking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "present": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "case": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "atmospheric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expanded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "while": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "country": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "situation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "century": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "almost": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "soil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "it": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "middle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drug": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 54, "prob": 0.0004471883035414829}, "claimed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "una": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discourse": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "complex": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "products": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "document": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "composition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "susceptible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immitis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "immunofluorescence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "identity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "i": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "patterns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greatest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undertaken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 94, "prob": 0.0007784388987573962}, "corporate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pollen": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "livestock": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "alternative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "weekly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sampled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "death": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "asthma": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "workers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "royal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "preschool": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "has": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "hospitalizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "harvesting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decentralization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "taxa,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "transmit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tradition,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specific": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paleolithic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "valleys": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "madrid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "indirect": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "genetics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "broad": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intravenous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "power": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "performed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undergone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diet": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "although": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analyses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "by": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "about": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "goods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "central": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "carried": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 85, "prob": 0.0007039075148338157}, "introduces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efforts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "antibody": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "objectives": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pollution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "publishing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "raises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coastal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pastures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transfer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bargaining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "racism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "start": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conservation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "infected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breeding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyze": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incorporation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "la": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "species,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "official": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "monitored": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "record": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lynx": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continuously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "piece": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "medical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "combining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "avian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "identities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intra": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chromosome": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epidemiological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peace": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assemblages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "erosion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "francisco": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "iberian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "cores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stocks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "bilateral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "curve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diagnosis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "serious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}