{"total_words": 1525, "documents": ["Water price reforms are increasingly being used to encourage improvements in irrigation efficiency through technology adoption. A microparameter approach based on field-level data is used to assess the effect of economic variables, environmental characteristics, and institutional variables on irrigation technology choices. The results show that water price is not the most important factor governing irrigation technology adoption; physical and agronomic characteristics appear to matter more. The results demonstrate the importance of using micro-level data to determine the effects of asset heterogeneity and crop type on technology adoption.\n      </p>", "This paper studies the impact of competition on a firm's choice of technology (product-flexible or product-dedicated) and capacity investment decisions. Specifically, we model two firms competing with each other in two markets characterized by price-dependent and uncertain demand. The firms make three decisions in the following sequence: choice of technology (technology game), capacity investment (capacity game), and production quantities (production game). The technology and capacity games occur while the demand curve is still uncertain, and the production game is postponed until after the demand curve is revealed. We develop best-response functions for each firm in the technology game and compare how a monopolist and a duopolist respond to a given flexibility premium. We show that the firms may respond to competition by adopting a technology which is the same as or different from what the competitor adopts. We conclude that contrary to popular belief, flexibility is not always the best response to competition--flexible and dedicated technologies may coexist in equilibrium. We demonstrate that as the difference between the two market sizes increases, a duopolist is willing to pay less for flexible technology, whereas the decision of a monopolist is not affected. Further, we find that a firm that invests in flexibility benefits from a low correlation between demands for two products, but the extent of this benefit differs depending on the competitor's technology choice. Our results indicate that higher demand substitution may or may not promote the adoption of flexibility under competition, whereas it always facilitates the adoption of flexibility without competition. Finally, we show that contrary to intuition, as the competitor's cost of capacity increases, the premium a flexible firm is willing to pay for flexibility decreases.\n      </p>", "In this essay, we state that establishing technology curricula by national governments causes a shift in the policy actions of educational technology support: from a technical rationale with a main focus on funding and resources to a pedagogical rationale with a main focus on student competencies. We illustrate our point of view by describing the formal educational technology curriculum recently administered by the government in Flanders. This curriculum is written in terms of attainment targets and has clear implications on the nature of educational technology which is no longer dependent on teachers' individual efforts or willingness, but is becoming compulsory at the school level. Furthermore, we present two levers that facilitate the integration process of educational technology in general and the realization of technology curricula in particular. Technology coordinators should act more as curriculum managers and change agents, and schools should jointly establish a technology policy plan.\n      </p>", "This paper develops a new theoretical model with which to examine the interaction between technology and organizations. Early research studies assumed technology to be an objective, external force that would have deterministic impacts on organizational properties such as structure. Later researchers focused on the human aspect of technology, seeing it as the outcome of strategic choice and social action. This paper suggests that either view is incomplete, and proposes a reconceptualization of technology that takes both perspectives into account. A theoretical model-the structurational model of technology-is built on the basis of this new conceptualization, and its workings explored through discussion of a field study of information technology. The paper suggests that the reformulation of the technology concept and the structurational model of technology allow a deeper and more dialectical understanding of the interaction between technology and organizations. This understanding provides insight into the limits and opportunities of human choice, technology development and use, and organizational design. Implications for future research of the new concept of technology and the structurational model of technology are discussed.\n      </p>", "Teachers share success stories and ideas that stimulate thinking about the effective use of technology in K\u2014grade 6 classrooms. One way to keep young students engaged and interested in practicing counting is to involve them in using cameras. This article explains how first graders capture 100 images, use Windows MovieMaker or PhotoStory to turn the still images into a video, and then narrate a story using precise math vocabulary to explain their mathematical thinking.\n      </p>", "Drawing from current models, research, and science and mathematics education reform documents, this article first defines and/or delimits three broad domains of education: integrated school science and mathematics, assessment, and technology. Based upon this three-tiered discussion, a list of characteristics is then distilled to guide in the development of assessment for integrated school science and mathematics using technology. Two integrated school science and mathematics activities are provided to illustrate the alignment of instruction and assessment and the systematic integration of technology into both.\n      </p>", "The literature base on technology professional development for teachers reveals that there is a long way to go in understanding methods of effective practice with respect to the various impacts of these activities on teaching and learning. In the No Child Left Behind era, with programs like Preparing Tomorrow's Teachers to Use Technology, the Fund for the Improvement of Post Secondary Education, and E-rate (the schools and library portion of the Universal Service Fund) that have been targeted as No Demonstrated Results, we need to move to a more systematic study of how technology integration occurs within our schools, what increases its adoption by teachers, and the long-term impacts that these investments have on both teachers and students. In addition to the findings of a comprehensive literature review, this article also articulates a systematic evaluation plan that, if implemented, will likely yield the information needed to better understand these important educational issues.\n      </p>", "As both technologies and organizations undergo dramatic changes in form and function, organizational researchers are increasingly turning to concepts of innovation, emergence, and improvisation to help explain the new ways of organizing and using technology evident in practice. With a similar intent, I propose an extension to the structurational perspective on technology that develops a practice lens to examine how people, as they interact with a technology in their ongoing practices, enact structures which shape their emergent and situated use of that technology. Viewing the use of technology as a process of enactment enables a deeper understanding of the constitutive role of social practices in the ongoing use and change of technologies in the workplace. After developing this lens, I offer an example of its use in research, and then suggest some implications for the study of technology in organizations.\n      </p>", "Individual beliefs about technology use have been shown to have a profound impact on subsequent behaviors toward information technology (IT). This research note builds upon and extends prior research examining factors that influence key individual beliefs about technology use. It is argued that individuals form beliefs about their use of information technologies within a broad milieu of influences emanating from the individual, institutional, and social contexts in which they interact with IT. We examine the simultaneous effects of these three sets of influences on beliefs about usefulness and ease of use in the context of a contemporary technology targeted at autonomous knowledge workers. Our findings suggest that beliefs about technology use can be influenced by top management commitment to new technology and the individual factors of personal innovativeness and self-efficacy. Surprisingly, social influences from multiple sources exhibited no significant effects. Theoretical and practical implications are offered.\n      </p>", "Using a set of panel data of 11,324 firms in China from 1996 to 1999, the paper finds that positive technology spillovers from FIEs to domestic firms occur through tangible assets rather than intangible assets, through domestically consumed products rather than exported products, through 'traditional' products rather than new products, and through FIEs employing unskilled workers rather than FIEs employing skilled workers. FIEs are found to generate negative spillovers through exports and through employment of skilled workers.\n      </p>", "Sociologists and organizational theorists have long claimed that the processes of knowledge creation and distribution are fundamentally social. Following in this tradition, we explore the effect of institutional prestige on university technology licensing. Empirically, we examine the influence of university prestige on the annual rate of technology licensing by 102 universities from 1991-1998. We show that institutional prestige increases a university's licensing rate over and above the rate that is explained by the university's past licensing performance. Because licensing success positively impacts future invention production, we argue that institutional prestige leads to stratification in the creation and distribution of university-generated knowledge.\n      </p>", "We develop a Ricardian trade model that incorporates realistic geographic features into general equilibrium. It delivers simple structural equations for bilateral trade with parameters relating to absolute advantage, to comparative advantage (promoting trade), and to geographic barriers (resisting it). We estimate the parameters with data on bilateral trade in manufactures, prices, and geography from 19 OECD countries in 1990. We use the model to explore various issues such as the gains from trade, the role of trade in spreading the benefits of new technology, and the effects of tariff reduction.\n      </p>", "The teaching of science and technology in the final year of high school is examined in a new curriculum developed for the education system in Victoria, Australia. The traditional areas of Physics and Chemistry together with a technology related subject, Materials and Technology, are investigated The major curriculum link amongst these studies was the area of materials. In Chemistry this involved the nature of materials, the chemical basis for the production of metals and polymers, and the social consequences of waste disposal. Within Physics, the major involvement was the investigation of the structure and physical properties of materials through theory and practical investigation.. The selection of materials, production of components and their testing were the major area involved with Materials and Technology. Although the area of materials related all three subjects enrollments were comparatively high for Physics and Chemistry but Materials and Technology had less than one tenth as much enrollment. Similarly, school providers were significantly lower for materials and technology. Materials and Technology is still considered a vocational subject compared with the science oriented subjects. When gender enrollments were considered, Chemistry had a similar number of females and males, Physics had twice as many males as females, and Materials and Technology had twice as many males as females. This appears to be a consequence of typical gender roles.\n      </p>", "We develop a water allocation and irrigation technology adoption model under the prior appropriation doctrine with asymmetric information among heterogeneous farmers and between farmers and water authorities. We find that adverse selection reduces the adoption of modern irrigation technology. We also show that even with asymmetric information, incentives for water trade exist and lead to additional technology adoption with gains to all parties. This suggests that under asymmetric information, a thin secondary market improves the allocation of water resources and induces additional adoption of modern irrigation technologies.\n      </p>", "This article develops a stochastic dynamic model of irrigation technology adoption. It predicts that farms will not invest in modern technologies unless the expected present value of investment exceeds the cost by a potentially large hurdle rate. The article also demonstrates that, contrary to common belief, water markets can delay adoption. The introduction of a market should induce farms with abundant (scarce) water supplies to adopt earlier (later) than they would otherwise. This article was motivated by evidence that, contrary to NPV predictions, farms wait until random events such as drought drive returns significantly above costs before investing in modern irrigation technologies.\n      </p>", "One challenge to estimating the parameters of a technology adoption model is that technology is selected jointly with land allocation. The article estimates a nested logit model of technology and crop choices that accounts for unobserved correlation among decisions. Estimation is conducted with a data set of adoptions, in contrast to the more common approach of using cross-section observations of existing technologies. Estimation results support the choice of a nesting structure as opposed to a more standard multinomial logit model. Adoption of precision irrigation technology is shown to be more sensitive to financial incentives affecting input price and technology cost than suggested by previous studies.\n      </p>", "This chapter summarizes and synthesizes some major perspectives on the relationship between technology and the nature of work. Given the complexity of technology and its impacts, the chapter elucidates different perspectives on this topic rather than summaries of detailed findings in a particular area of technology. The central thesis of the chapter is a follows: Technology's impact on work is contingent on a broad set of factors, including the reasons for its introduction, management philosophy, the labor-management contract, the degree of a shared agreement about technology and work organization, and the process of technology development and implementation. How this is viewed varies with different theoretical paradigms. Looking through a variety of paradigms provides a richer view of the phenomenon, though integrating these perspectives remains problematic. Historically, technology was treated as a deterministic causal force with predictable impacts. More recently there is a recognition of the complexity of technology and its relationship to work which is both bi-directional and dependent on a number of contingent factors. One set of factors integral to the \"impact\" of technology is the dynamics of the change process and in fact the change process and \"out-comes\" are inextricably linked. We conclude that the social reality of technology implementation is highly complex. Very different technologies are brought into very different social settings for very different reasons, often with completely opposite effects and thus complex theories that recognize the emergent and socially constructed nature of technology are needed.\n      </p>", "Increasingly, there is greater appreciation of the impact of technology on marketing practice. Many strategies like mass customization, relationship marketing, interactive marketing, etc., have gained increased attention, in part, from advancements in manufacturing and information technology. In this paper, we formally examine how technology has made such strategies economically feasible through its impact on optimal segment size. We build on Lancaster's model of product differentiation to derive an equation that exposes the \"invisible hand\" of technology. This equation shows how technology influences marketing practice through its effect on optimal segment size. In addition, the equation provides a formal explanation for the apparent paradox of mass customization; that customized products can be mass-produced profitably, without the benefit of large production volumes. We then use this equation to gain a more insightful view of the history of segmentation.\n      </p>", "The recent literature on agricultural technology adoption shows that diffusion of new technologies varies significantly across space and time. Furthermore, puzzles exist about why some seemingly profitable technologies are not adopted, especially in livestock production. We employ a hazard or duration function to explain diffusion of crossbred-cow technology in a unique sample of Tanzania farmers. A farmer's adoption of crossbred technology depends positively on the proximity of his farm to other users, on his schooling, and on his access to credit and contact with extension agents.\n      </p>", "The recent proliferation of information technology designed to support or enhance an individual professional's task performance has made the investigation of technology acceptance increasingly challenging and significant. This study investigates technology acceptance by individual professionals by examining physicians' decisions to accept telemedicine technology. Synthesized from relevant prior research, a generic research framework was built to provide a necessary foundation upon which a research model for telemedicine technology acceptance by physicians could be developed. The research model was then empirically examined, using data collected from more than 400 physicians practicing in public tertiary hospitals in Hong Kong. Results of the study suggest several areas where individual \"professionals\" might subtly differ in their technology acceptance decision-making, as compared with end users and business managers in ordinary business settings. Specifically, physicians appeared to be fairly pragmatic, largely anchoring their acceptance decisions in the usefulness of the technology rather than in its ease of use. When making decisions to accept a technology, physicians expressed considerable concerns about the compatibility of the technology with their practices, placed less importance on controlling technology operations, and attached limited weight to peers' opinions about using the technology. Based on results obtained from this study, the initially proposed framework for technology acceptance by individual professionals was revised to a \"hierarchical, three-layer\" structure with the individual context at the inner core, the implementation context on the outermost layer, and the technological context residing in the middle. Implications for information systems research and telemedicine management practice that have emerged from the study's findings are also discussed.\n      </p>", "In the context of continuous innovations in information and communication technology (ICT) and its impact on higher education, this study explored the integration of instructional technology (IT) by university lecturers in pre-service secondary school teacher education programs in Zimbabwe. Specifically, the study examined how lecturers integrate IT into their instruction, and the constraints they face. Twenty-one lecturers in the colleges of education at three universities participated. The data collection methods used are questionnaires, interviews and analysis of documents. Analysis of data was inductive, employing Miles and Huberman's interactive data analysis model. Findings show that lecturers' computer proficiency and competencies were at the basic level in Internet usage, with little confidence shown in basic productivity software skills and in IT integration tasks and processes. The lecturers' integration of IT was at the Entry and Adoption stages. Institutional support was characterized by poor availability and access to appropriate technological tools by both lecturers and students, and in the context of a hyper-inflationary operating environment, constraints ranged from lack of institutional funding, to the absence of an IT integration policy framework, and the lack of appropriate initial and continuous staff development. This study is part of the nucleus of instructional technology research in the Zimbabwean context. It is hoped that insights gleaned will influence policy, practice and future research. From a global perspective, this study will add to the limited knowledge and literature on instructional technology integration in \"developing\" and/or low-income countries like Zimbabwe.\n      </p>", "How and why individuals adopt innovations has motivated a great deal of research. This article examines individuals' computing adoption processes through the lenses of three adoption theories: Rogers's innovation diffusion theory, the Concerns-Based Adoption Model, the Technology Acceptance Model, and the United Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology. Incorporating all three models, this article suggests technology adoption is a complex, inherently social, developmental process; individuals construct unique yet malleable perceptions of technology that influence their adoption decisions. Thus, successfully facilitating technology adoption must address cognitive, emotional, and contextual concerns. This article also focuses specific attention on adoption theory outside of a formal organization and the implications of adoption theory on informal environments.\n      </p>", "We study the relationship between technology shocks and labor input on Swedish firm-level data using a production function approach to identify technology shocks. Taking standard steps yields a contractionary contemporaneous labor-input response in line with previous studies. This finding may, however, be driven by measurement errors in the labor-input variable. Relying on a unique feature of our data set, which contains two independently measured firm-specific labor input measures, we can evaluate the potential bias. We do not find that this bias conceals any true positive contemporaneous effect. The results thus point away from standard flexible-price models and toward models emphasizing firm-level rigidities.\n      </p>", "Starting with the focal question, \"what should students know about technology?\" we describe and illustrate a way of designing educational technology that is strongly informed by empirical studies of how students actually understand and use a technology. We also have theoretical aspirations in developing what we hope to be general principles that can, along with empirical data, orient design. The type of technology used to illustrate this design methodology is scientific visualization software, in which spatially distributed data is given form as adjustable and often highly suggestive visual displays. Our primary contention is that what students need to know about this software is precisely those aspects of it that define it as a system of representations. More generally, we advocate representation as an important instructional target, and we examine what students know that can be enhanced by appropriate technology and learning activities.\n      </p>", "The performance impacts of information technology (IT) investments in organizations have received considerable attention in recent years. In this research, we investigate the cost factors that are affected by such investments. We analyze a data set containing the information technology budgets of over 400 large and mediumsized U. S. corporations. We find that higher IT investments are associated with lower average production costs, lower average total costs, and higher average overhead costs. We also find that larger companies spend more on information technology as a percentage of their revenues than smaller companies. We do not find any evidence that information technology reduces labor costs in organizations. We explain our findings, which are often counterintuitive but interesting, using basic microeconomic theory of the firm.\n      </p>", "The theoretical literature on managing R&amp;D pipelines is largely based on real option theory making decisions about undertaking, continuing, or terminating projects. The theory typically assumes that each project or causally related set of projects is independent. However, casual observation suggests that firms expend much effort on managing and balancing their R&amp;D pipelines, where managing appears to be related to the choice of R&amp;D selection thresholds, project risk, and whether to buy or sell projects to fill the pipeline. Not only do these policies appear to differ across firms, they also appear to vary over time for the same firm. Changes in management policies suggest that the choice of R&amp;D selection thresholds is a time-varying strategic decision and there may be some type of vertical interdependency among R&amp;D projects in different stages. In this paper we develop a model using dynamic-programming techniques that explain why firms vary in their R&amp;D project-management policies. The novelty and value of our model derives from the central insight that some firms invest in downstream cospecialized activities that would incur substantial adjustment costs if R&amp;D efforts are unsuccessful whereas other firms have no such investment. If transaction costs in technology markets are positive, which implies that accessing the market for projects is costly, these investments lead to state-contingent project-selection rules that create a dynamic and vertical interdependency among R&amp;D activities and product mix. We describe how choices of R&amp;D selection thresholds, preferences over project risk, and use of technology markets for the buying and selling of projects differ by the state of the firm's pipeline, the magnitude of transaction costs in the adjustment market, and the magnitude of technology costs. These results yield interesting managerial and public policy implications.\n      </p>", "Why is technology not used more in schools? Many researchers have tried to solve this persistent puzzle. The authors of this article report on their study of technology uses in 19 schools. They suggest an ecological metaphor, using the example of the introduction of the zebra mussel into the Great Lakes, to integrate and organize sets of factors that affect implementation of computer uses. Their findings suggest that an ecological perspective can provide a powerful analytical framework for understanding technology uses in schools. That perspective points out new directions for research and has significant policy and practical implications for implementing innovations in schools.\n      </p>", "We propose a theoretical framework to analyze the conditions under which a farmer facing production uncertainty (due to a possible water shortage) and incomplete information will adopt a more efficient irrigation technology. A reduced form of this model is empirically estimated using a sample of 265 farms located in Crete, Greece. The empirical results suggest that farmers choose to adopt the new technology in order to hedge against production risk. In addition, we show that the farmer's human capital also plays a significant role in the decision to adopt modern, more efficient irrigation equipment.\n      </p>", "Internalization theory suggests that multinational enterprises set up subsidiaries to exploit technology advantages abroad when licensing is too difficult to arrange with indigenous firms. This direct investment vs licensing trade-off, which is built on a business-to-business transaction, does not recognize the linkages with the final products market as a component of transaction cost analysis. By adopting a unilateral perspective on international technology transfer, neither does it consider the possible role of complementary assets (e.g., manufacturing capabilities) held by potential business partners in foreign countries. After taking into account the presence of such assets in indigenous firms, this article extends internalization theory by positioning the technology transfer transaction in the broader context of the entire value chain, including especially the manufacturing/marketing linkages with the final products market. More specifically, it demonstrates that conventional internalization theory neglects various alternative market governance mechanisms not captured by a licensing agreement. The analysis shows that the choice of an optimal governance structure is determined by the complementarity of strategic assets controlled by the economic actors involved, and by the linkages among the technology-manufacture interaction in two intermediate input markets, and the subsequent sales function in the final products market.\n      </p>", "Three transformation activities are completed by eighth-grade students who do not have access to a computer but can access handheld technology. Three activity sheets are included.\n      </p>", "Aligning social structures and technology capabilities is a significant challenge to information technology-related organizational change. It is particularly challenging in institutionalized settings such as hospitals. We report an interpretive field study of computerized physician order entry (CPOE) at an acute-care hospital, in which we investigated how institutionally triggered and technology-triggered change interacted in complementary processes to engender alignment. Social structure changes included increased interdependency among clinical departments, multidisciplinary cooperation across clinical disciplines, and standardization in clinical decision-making. Organization members also enacted institutionalized interaction patterns with physicians by deferring to their preferences for CPOE use. The cumulative influence of change triggers nonetheless facilitated the hospital's realization of clinical goals. We drew on Barley's (1990) role- and network-based model for technology and structure alignment. Nonetheless, we extended this micro-level analytic approach to account for the influence of change in the macro-institutional environment. Our analysis clarified the extent of structure change attributable to the CPOE technology and highlighted institutional forces that promoted yet inhibited change. The case also highlighted the importance of role networks on the trajectory and outcomes of organizational change processes.\n      </p>", "Prototyping has received a great deal of attention as an important design methodology. Current support technologies for prototyping environments are typically intended to increase the efficiency of the individual system builder. We propose a broader perspective for assessing the impact of support technology on prototyping processes. In developing this perspective, we present frameworks for prototyping processes, support technologies, and development performance. Prototyping is characterized from the behavioral perspectives of individual, social, and organizational processes\u2014each of which must be considered in assessing impacts. Support technology is characterized by production, coordination, and organizational dimensions, each affecting prototyping processes and performance in unique ways. To assess the impacts of the process-technology linkages, measures are suggested for evaluating prototyping processes and products from task, social, and business perspectives. It is proposed that the primary determinant of performance impact is the fit between the prototyping processes and the support technology used. By combining a functional model of support technology with behavioral perspectives of the prototyping process, a better understanding of the impacts of technology on prototyping effectiveness is obtained.\n      </p>", "Teachers share success stories and ideas that stimulate thinking about the effective use of technology in K\u2013grade 6 classrooms. This article describes how students can use available technology to communicate and share their thinking in popular media formats.\n      </p>", "This reply to criticism of Questioning Technology by Gerald Doppelt addresses differences between political philosophy and philosophy of technology. While political philosophers such as Doppelt emphasize procedural aspects of democracy and equal rights, many philosophers of technology implicitly assume a substantive criterion of the good centered on the development of human capacities. Questioning Technology also emphasizes the diminishing agency of individuals in technologically advanced societies dominated by large scale organizations and the mass media. These themes of social critique complement the main focus of political philosophy. Political philosophy must learn to address technical issues as it has learned to address other social issues such as race and gender.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates linkages between information technology (IT) and firm performance. Although showing recent signs of advance, the existing IT literature still relies heavily on case studies, anecdotes, and consultants' frameworks, with little solid empirical work or synthesis of findings. This paper examines the IT literature, develops an integrative, resource-based theoretical framework, and presents results from a new empirical study in the retail industry. The findings show that ITs alone have not produced sustainable performance advantages in the retail industry, but that some firms have gained advantages by using ITs to leverage intangible, complementary human and business resources such as flexible culture, strategic planning-IT integration, and supplier relationships. The results support the resource-based approach, and help to explain why some firms outperform others using the same ITs, and why successful IT users often fail to sustain IT-based competitive advantages.\n      </p>", "There were a large number of US drug company takeovers in the 1990s by both foreign and domestic acquirers. Observation of the absolute difference between target and acquirer R&amp;D intensity suggests there is no difference between foreign and domestic technology-sourcing patterns. However, a firm-level estimation of the acquirers' choice of targets reveals that foreign and domestic acquirers differ with respect to the relationship between target and acquirer R&amp;D intensity. Foreign acquirers with low R&amp;D intensity choose targets with high R&amp;D intensities, which suggests technology sourcing as a motivation. Domestic acquirers prefer targets with high R&amp;D intensities the higher their own R&amp;D intensity, which suggests a synergy story.\n      </p>", "Teachers share success stories and ideas that stimulate thinking about the effective use of technology in K\u2013Grade 6 classrooms. This article explores the use of glogs.\n      </p>", "Technology evaluation has become a critical part of technology investment, and accurate evaluation can lead more funds to the companies that have innovative technology. However, existing processes have a weakness in that it considers only accepted applicants at the application stage. We analyse the effectiveness of technology evaluation model that encompasses both accepted and rejected applicants and compare its performance with the original accept-only model. Also, we include the analysis of reject inference technique, bivariate probit model, in order to see if the reject inference technique is of use against the accept-only model. The results show that sample selection bias of the accept-only model exists and the reject inference technique improves the accept-only model. However, the reject inference technique does not completely resolve the problem of sample selection bias.\n      </p>", "Although research studies in education show that use of technology can help student learning, its use is generally affected by certain barriers. In this paper, we first identify the general barriers typically faced by K-12 schools, both in the United States as well as other countries, when integrating technology into the curriculum for instructional purposes, namely: (a) resources, (b) institution, (c) subject culture, (d) attitudes and beliefs, (e) knowledge and skills, and (f) assessment. We then describe the strategies to overcome such barriers: (a) having a shared vision and technology integration plan, (b) overcoming the scarcity of resources, (c) changing attitudes and beliefs, (d) conducting professional development, and (e) reconsidering assessments. Finally, we identify several current knowledge gaps pertaining to the barriers and strategies of technology integration, and offer pertinent recommendations for future research.\n      </p>", "In recent years, companies have increased their use of internal and external sources in pursuit of a competitive advantage through the effective and timely commercialization of new technology. Grounded in the resource-based view of the firm, this study examines the effect of a company's use of internal and external sources on multiple dimensions of successful technology commercialization (TC). The study also explores the moderating role of formal vs. informal integration mechanisms on these relationships. Applying a longitudinal design and data from 119 companies, the results show that internal human and technology-based manufacturing sources are positively associated with successful TC. Formal and informal integration mechanisms also significantly moderate the relationships observed between capability sources and TC.\n      </p>", "It is time to recognize that educational technology cannot be considered a panacea for educational reform. Technology, when properly used, can be a very effective tool for improving and enhancing instruction and learning experiences in the content areas. However, incorporation of electronic tools, such as computers and videodiscs, into classrooms must be accompanied by systemic change in the educational process. Successful utilization of technology depends on how we provide teachers with the necessary environment for training, tools for instruction, and technology evaluation skills. This paper examines some of the misuses of technology and then explores the appropriate use of technology in the context of current educational reform. The focus is on the integration of technology in the educational process that provides a learning environment allowing discovery and creativity through the use of computer visualizations. The teacher is seen as the essential element, requiring a solid foundation in the general applications of technology, and the ability to evaluate and select systems that are effective and efficient for specific applications.\n      </p>", "It is time to recognize that educational technology cannot be considered a panacea for educational reform. Technology, when properly used, can be a very effective tool for improving and enhancing instruction and learning experiences in the content areas. However, incorporation of electronic tools, such as computers and videodiscs, into classrooms must be accompanied by systemic change in the educational process. Successful utilization of technology depends on how we provide teachers with the necessary environment for training, tools for instruction, and technology evaluation skills. This paper examines some of the misuses of technology and then explores the appropriate use of technology in the context of current educational reform. The focus is on the integration of technology in the educational process that provides a learning environment allowing discovery and creativity through the use of computer visualizations. The teacher is seen as the essential element, requiring a solid foundation in the general applications of technology, and the ability to evaluate and select systems that are effective and efficient for specific applications.\n      </p>", "This study uses frameworks from the strategic management and operations strategy literatures to explore the relationships among collaboration, technology, and innovation in small and medium-sized manufacturers. Statistical analysis of the responses of 200 New Hampshire manufacturing companies in four SIC code industries (fabricated metals, industrial equipment, electrical and electronic equipment, and instruments) leads to the development of a strategic supplier typology which is useful in explaining the differences in the composition and performance of various types of suppliers.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the social and cognitive processes that unfold over time as a technology develops. Our model focuses on the relationship between the beliefs researchers hold about what is and is not technically feasible, the technological artifacts they create, and the routines they use for evaluating how well their artifacts meet with their prior expectations. The historical development of cochlear implants serves as an illustration of the model. The evidence suggests that there is a reciprocal interaction between beliefs, artifacts, and routines that gives rise to two cyclical processes. One is a process of inversion at the micro level of individual cognition wherein evaluation routines designed to judge specific artifacts begin reinforcing researchers' beliefs. Once evaluation routines become the basis for constructing individual reality, technological claims are perceived as relevant only to those who employ the same routines while appearing as noise to those who employ different routines. The other is a process of institutionalization at the macro level of shared cognition. By institutionalization we mean the development of a common set of evaluation routines that can be applied to all technological paths. Commonly accepted evaluation routines represent a shared reality that strongly shapes the direction of future technological change. The micro- and macro-level processes that shape individual and shared realities place paradoxical demands on researchers in their efforts to develop a new technology. On the one hand, researchers must create and believe in their own realities in order to make progress in their chosen paths and convince others. On the other hand, researchers must also be ready to disbelieve their realities and be willing to embrace the emerging shared reality even if it does not match theirs. How well this paradox is managed can profoundly influence who emerges as the victor or the vanquished during the genesis of a technology.\n      </p>", "There are several thousand group support systems (GSS) installations worldwide, and, while that number is growing, GSS has not yet achieved critical mass. One reason may be that it can take one to three years for an organization to complete a transition to GSS. Studying GSS transition in the field could yield insights that would allow for faster, lower-risk transitions elsewhere. This article presents a thirty-twomonth qualitative field investigation of an effort to introduce GSS into the daily work of the staff of the U.S. Navy's Commander, Third Fleet. Using the principles of action research, the project began with interventions based on the precepts of the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM). The goal of the interventions was to engender sufficient acceptance for GSS to create a self-sustaining, growing community of GSS users. Throughout the study, building on a base of experience developed in other privateand public-sector transition projects, we revised and extended TAM based on insights that emerged in the field. The resulting model, the Technology Transition Model (TTM), frames acceptance as a multiplicative function of the magnitude and frequency of the perceived net value of a proposed change, moderated by the perceived net value associated with the transition period itself. TTM frames net value as having a number of dimensions, including cognitive, economic, political, social, affective, and physical. It posits that cognitive net value derives from at least three sources: changes in access, technical, and conceptual attention loads. GSS transition proceeded at different speeds in different segments of the Third Fleet; the intelligence and battle staffs became self-sustaining within weeks, while others are still not self-sustaining. TTM appears to explain the differences that emerged in the Navy community. The article presents TAM, then argues the propositions of TTM. It then presents background information about Third Fleet, and describes critical incidents in the transition effort that gave rise to the model. It summarizes the lessons learned in the field by comparing the differing transition trajectories among Fleet staff segments in light of the model.\n      </p>", "The use of the components of biodiversity (i.e. genetic resources), especially as it involves the sale of materials for product development purposes, is often presented as something new. That has been a common perception of the Merck/INBio agreement, which is frequently taken as a model. However the very newness of the situation suggests great uncertainty which in turn tends to deter participation by the majority of agents who are risk averse. Most prefer to await the emergence of a standard practice which reduces the opportunity to make errors. The sale of genetic materials is proposed to be characterized in terms of transfer of `genetic technology' There is long experience with technology transfer, but the present process differs in two key aspects, (1) the trade will be predominately south-north and secondarily south-south as opposed to the long prevailing north-south technology trade, and (2) the products are natural which creates some technical and legal complexities. These differences, once overcome, will facilitate the exchange of genetic resources through the creation of a greater comfort level for sellers and buyers. The development of a technology flow mechanism based on `genetic technology' necessitates that the technology is available openly and on uniform terms. Such a mechanism would be facilitated by considering biodiversity as genetic technology and this, in turn, would enhance an existing and ongoing process, the sustainable use of germplasm which provides an incentive for biodiversity conservation\n      </p>", "At least since Schumpeter (1934 and 1942), researchers have been interested in identifying the dimensions of technology regimes that facilitate new firm formation as a mode of technology exploitation. Using data on 1,397 patents assigned to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology during the 1980-1996 period, I show that four hypothesized dimensions of the technology regime-the age of the technical field, the tendency of the market toward segmentation, the effectiveness of patents, and the importance of complementary assets in marketing and distribution-influence the likelihood that new technology will be exploited through firm formation.\n      </p>", "The soil conservation campaigns that have been a prominent feature of Jamaican agricultural policy since the 1950s are frequently presented as having failed to ameliorate the problem of soil erosion in hillside agriculture. A case study of a small farming community in the Blue Mountains explores the development of the soil conservation practices currently employed by farmers. The use of trash barriers in carrot farming is described and the origins of this technology and its subsequent adaptation are considered. The study concludes that extension interventions and government policy have influenced the development of current soil conservation practices; practices which have their roots in indigenous techniques. Other factors such as the adaptation of trash barriers to suit local conditions and their importance in soil fertility management also play a role in their widespread use in the study area. The study demonstrates that to understand the process of technical change in farming communities, it is necessary to consider a range of factors, external and internal, technical and social, that have over time influenced farmers' decision making.\n      </p>", "The origin and spread of behavioral modernity has been one of the most hotly debated paleoanthropological issues during the past two decades or so. Researchers have examined changes in technology, subsistence, and social organization. The Upper (Late) Paleolithic is traditionally characterized by the establishment of a blade industry. Patterns of lithic technology closely reflect settlement and subsistence systems, and any change can be explained in terms of interplay among various factors, including technological constraints, raw material availability, mobility, and extended social networks in changing environments. A recent increase in archaeological excavations and advances in chronology allow us to discuss Late Pleistocene cultural evolution in Korea in more detail. Two notable, seemingly contradictory features during the early Late Paleolithic are recognized: (1) some lithic assemblages are characterized by small flake artifacts made of local quartzite and vein quartz, and (2) other assemblages include new artifact types\u2014blades and tanged points\u2014manufactured with hitherto largely unused fine-grained materials. Late Paleolithic technological characteristics emerged ca. 40,000-30,000 BP, but not until the onset of the OIS 2 did formal artifacts, such as blades and blade tools, became predominant in lithic assemblages. This change is viewed as a slow, evolutionary process that eventually culminated in the Late Paleolithic transition.\n      </p>", "Recently, despite huge incentives and subsequent increases in investment in customer relationship management technology, many firms have not been able to increase their customer satisfaction index ratings. The purpose of this paper is to gauge whether IT management practices differ among firms where IT has a major role in transforming marketing, operations, or both, which give the firms advantage by affecting their customer service. Several research hypotheses are tested using data obtained from a survey of 213 IT-leaders in the financial services industry. The results clearly indicate that the IT-leader firms have a higher level of IT management sophistication and a higher role for their IT-leaders compared to IT-enabled customer focus, IT-enabled operations focus, and IT-laggard firms. This paper concludes with the implications for both researchers and practitioners.\n      </p>", "The management of Information Technology (IT) and Information Systems (IS) is considered a complex exercise by academics and practitioners alike. The reason for this is that there are ubiquitous portfolios of tangible and intangible benefits that are offered to an organization following the adoption of IT/IS that, in turn, all need managing to ensure realization. Organizations also have to take into account the direct and often larger indirect costs that are typically associated with IT/IS deployments. To provide managers with a critical insight into the management of new technology, this paper uses a case study research strategy to examine the technology management experiences of a leading U. K. manufacturing organization during its adoption of a vendor-supplied Manufacturing Resource Planning (MRPII) information system. Following the lack of attention given to human and organizational technology management factors while implementing MRPII, the vendor-based information system was later abandoned and deemed a failure. In addressing those technology management factors that were later identified as important, it was found that key employees were able to overcome a number of organizational barriers and develop and implement a bespoke MRPII system that significantly improved the organization's competitive position. Technology management taxonomies that contributed to the failure and later successful implementation of MRPII are identified and discussed. The organization's experiences in solving the problems associated with the implementation of their IS offers a learning opportunity for those companies that are seeking a competitive advantage through technology management.\n      </p>", "We develop a dynamic model of technology adoption that generalizes previous literature by incorporating technology age, reversible investment, variable inputs and outputs, and stochastic prices. The model is calibrated for irrigated cotton production in California. Optimal investment exhibits a significant vintage capital effect which provides a new candidate explanation for delayed technology diffusion. We show that the hurdle rate derived by option value models can be partially explained by the assumption of irreversible investment, and simulations demonstrate this assumption has regional policy relevance. Uncertainty affects optimal investment but has a declining effect with technology age.\n      </p>", "We argue that the use of electronic communication technologies in changing organizational forms can be facilitated by the explicit and ongoing adaptation of those technologies to changing contexts of use. This paper reports on an exploratory study of the use of a computer conferencing system in a Japanese R &amp; D project group. We found that the system's use was significantly influenced by the activities of a few individuals who shaped users' interaction with the conferencing technology, modified features of the technology, and altered the context of use. These activities-which we call technology-use mediation-promoted effective electronic communication both initially at the point of adoption, as well as over time as needs, preferences, experiences, and conditions changed. Drawing on these insights, we develop a theoretical framing of the mediation process which suggests that it can be a powerful organizational mechanism for helping organizations provide the ongoing attention and resources needed to adapt electronic communication technologies to changing conditions, contexts, and organizational forms.\n      </p>", "In a market economy, the corporation is the primary institution through which new technologies are introduced. And the corporation, being primarily interested in economic goals, may ask very limited questions about the safety and workability of a particular technology. This viewpoint causes problems which manifest themselves in many cases where the concerns of engineers and technicians in corporations about decisions relating to a particular technology clash with managers prone to overlooking these concerns in favor of organizational interests. The problem can be seen as a structural one that is inherent in the capitalistic system. It can also be seen as an organizational or policy problem that requires changes in the organization to give engineers more authority in decision-making or to facilitate whistle-blowing on the part of engineers or technicians. In this paper, we take the view that problems surrounding the misuse of technology lie in a lack of understanding of technology's inherently social and moral dimensions. Technology creates a moral situation, and this situation should provide the context for decision-making. Technology is also experimental, and everyone involved with introducing a particular technology needs to ask the question as to whether a real life experiment is warranted. Finally, technology demands a moral sensibility which recognizes that business interests and technological interests alike need to be understood in the network of concrete relational contexts in which they are embedded.\n      </p>", "The relationship between investment in information technology (IT) and its effect on organizational performance continues to interest academics and practitioners. In many cases, due to the nature of the research design employed, this stream of research has been unable to identify the impact of individual technologies on organizational performance. This study posits that the driver of IT impact is not the investment in the technology, but the actual usage of the technology. This proposition is tested in a longitudinal setting of a healthcare system comprising eight hospitals. Monthly data for a three-year period on various financial and nonfinancial measures of hospital performance and technology usage were analyzed. The data analysis provides evidence for the technology usage-performance link after controlling for various external factors. Technology usage was positively and significantly associated with measures of hospital revenue and quality, and this effect occurred after time lags. The analysis was triangulated using three measures of technology usage. The general support for the principal proposition of this paper that \"actual usage\" may be a key variable in explaining the impact of technology on performance suggests that omission of this variable may be a missing link in IT payoff analyses.\n      </p>", "Many organizations are now realizing that information technology (IT) is making a significant contribution to their operations, and could be even more influential. A corollary of this is that they need an IT strategy. It can be argued that OR groups can make a more significant contribution than they have hitherto made to strategy, because of their knowledge of IT, their skills and their position in the organization. This paper takes a different view. It explores the claim that OR groups do have special competence in this area, and examines their previous contributions to strategy formulation. The conclusion is that other areas of IT development offer a greater chance of success than do attempts of OR groups to press for a major role in the development of IT strategy.\n      </p>", "This paper discusses two major issues confronting any attempts to make technology education an integral part of the school curriculum. The first issue has to do with the lack of agreement--stemming from its diverse origins--regarding the core concepts, instructional strategies, and student outcomes that should comprise technology education. Characterizations of eight different approaches are provided. The second issue concerns the relationship of technology education to the existing school curricula, specifically, the science curriculum and vocational education. The historical connections between science and technology are discussed, and the argument is made that the traditional second-class position of technology in the school curriculum needs to be remedied in favor of making science and technology equal curricular partners, Vocational education, too, needs to be modernized to move from narrow skills training to education for the technological work place.\n      </p>", "Health plans often deliberate covering technologies with challenging purposes, effects, or costs. They must integrate quantitative evidence (e.g., how well a technology works) with qualitative, normative assessments (e.g., whether it works well enough for a worthwhile purpose). Arguments from analogy and precedent help integrate these criteria and establish standards for their policy application. Examples of arguments are described for three technologies (ICSI, genetic tests, and Viagra). Drawing lessons from law, ethics, philosophy, and the social sciences, a framework is developed for case-based evaluation of new technologies. The decision-making cycle includes (1) taking stock of past decisions and formulating precedents, (2) deciding new cases, and (3) assimilating decisions into the case history and evaluation framework. Each stage requires distinctive decision maker roles, information, and methods.\n      </p>", "The problem of measuring the impact of information technology on economic performance at the business unit or enterprise level is receiving increased attention. We develop a methodology based on the microeconomic theory of production and apply the model to data from the banking industry. In addition, we compare our methodology to approaches based on key ratios of information technology deployment. Both procedures are applied to the same set of data. The results show that reasoning about information technology value based on key ratios may be misleading, especially when the figures are only calculated for a cross-section of data.\n      </p>", "Courses on the management of innovation and technology seldom treat government technology policies, and the issues they pose for business management. This is unfortunate. In many fields business has a big stake in government technology policies. They can help business, be a waste of money, or actually hurt business. This essay considers three broad issues in contemporary technology policy, that are of significant consequence to business: government support of applied research, the question of how to deal with the decline in business-funded basic research, and the complex questions about intellectual property rights.\n      </p>", "Innovation in operations equipment and process technology can be used strategically as a powerful competitive weapon. It can bring to bear many other strategic factors besides achieving low costs - superior quality, shorter delivery cycles, lower inventories, lower investment in equipment, shorter new product development cycles, and new production economics.\n      </p>", "Teachers share success stories and ideas that stimulate thinking about the effective use of technology in K\u2013grade 6 classrooms. This month, Walsh reports on using such components as discussion boards, blogs, wiki lessons, and other computer-generated assignments in his methods course.\n      </p>", "This article presents the results of a field study examining the strategies and mechanisms used by major companies for identifying, assessing, and adopting new information technology. The principle finding is the identification of several generic models which reveal the driving forces for new technology adoption. The article also describes phases in the adoption process, organizational roles, and information gathering mechanisms. This new line of research in MIS parallels and builds upon technology transfer research and marketing studies in the area of organizational buying behavior. The purpose of this work is to assist organizations with the challenge of coping with rapidly changing information technology.\n      </p>", "During the past 10 years, teaching with computer technology, such as e-mail and the Web, has become customary throughout undergraduate economic education. The authors review the literature on the implications for student learning, present specific educational activities that use a number of different computer technologies, and discuss growing problems, such as \"cyber-plagiarism,\" along with suggesting potential solutions. The future of using technology for teaching economics will be the continuation of recent trends: increased portability in the access to instruction and increased opportunities for interaction, including students' interaction with the material and with the instructor and other students.\n      </p>", "This article illustrates the competing and complementary value orientations inherent in states' information technology (IT) strategic planning. It develops a two-dimensional value framework and applies the framework to a sample of 10 state IT plans using content analysis. The results show that the linear multistage approach of e-government is questionable. Governments make deliberate strategic choices among four strategic value centers defined by internal/external and effectiveness/efficiency orientations. The results show that states place greater emphasis on internal and efficiency values in the plans.\n      </p>", "The past decade has brought advanced information technologies, which include electronic messaging systems, executive information systems, collaborative systems, group decision support systems, and other technologies that use sophisticated information management to enable multiparty participation in organization activities. Developers and users of these systems hold high hopes for their potential to change organizations for the better, but actual changes often do not occur, or occur inconsistently. We propose adaptive structuration theory (AST) as a viable approach for studying the role of advanced information technologies in organization change. AST examines the change process from two vantage points: (1) the types of structures that are provided by advanced technologies, and (2) the structures that actually emerge in human action as people interact with these technologies. To illustrate the principles of AST, we consider the small group meeting and the use of a group decision support system (GDSS). A GDSS is an interesting technology for study because it can be structured in a myriad of ways, and social interaction unfolds as the GDSS is used. Both the structure of the technology and the emergent structure of social action can be studied. We begin by positioning AST among competing theoretical perspectives of technology and change. Next, we describe the theoretical roots and scope of the theory as it is applied to GDSS use and state the essential assumptions, concepts, and propositions of AST. We outline an analytic strategy for applying AST principles and provide an illustration of how our analytic approach can shed light on the impacts of advanced technologies on organizations. A major strength of AST is that it expounds the nature of social structures within advanced information technologies and the key interaction processes that figure in their use. By capturing these processes and tracing their impacts, we can reveal the complexity of technology-organization relationships. We can attain a better understanding of how to implement technologies, and we may also be able to develop improved designs or educational programs that promote productive adaptations.\n      </p>", "In this study, we examine how intercommunity relationships affect the growth of organizational communities. Using a unique panel dataset on 53 technology development communities in China spanning 1988-2000, we found that regional community density, a community's geographic proximity to the nearest community and its domain overlap with the nearest community have an inverted U-shaped relationship with the community's growth. These non-monotonic results suggest that adjacent communities have both mutualistic and competitive effects on each other. Theoretical and managerial implications are discussed.\n      </p>", "Using the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM), this research investigated gender differences in the overlooked context of individual adoption and sustained usage of technology in the workplace. User reactions and technology usage behavior were studied over a five-month period among 342 workers being introduced to a new software system. At all three points of measurement, compared to women, men's technology usage decisions were more strongly influenced by their perceptions of usefulness. In contrast, women were more strongly influenced by perceptions of ease of use and subjective norm, although the effect of subjective norm diminished over time. These findings were robust even after statistically controlling for key confounding variables identified in prior organizational behavior research (i.e., income, occupation, and education levels), and another possible confound from technology research, prior experience with computers in general. Thus, in addition to identifying key boundary conditions in the role of the original TAM constructs (perceived usefulness and perceived ease of use), this research provides the basis for the integration of subjective norm into the model. In light of these findings, implications for theory and practice are discussed.\n      </p>", "Technology alliances have emerged in the past decade as a significant mode for the development of innovation. The present research assesses the factors explaining whether firms will engage in such technology alliances or utilize the more traditional mode of internal R&amp;D. The hypotheses stem from a transaction cost conceptualization. Results suggest that firms which pursue technology alliances are likely to have less commitment to product category-specific assets, to face higher technological uncertainty, to be more capable at measuring innovation performance, to have more successful technology alliance experiences, and to compete in lower growth product categories.\n      </p>", "The emergence of lateral thinking in recent years is a natural reaction to the enormous increase of information a human being is \"bombarded\" with, in the post industrial revolution era. Vertical thinking, with its sequential and fixed-order rules, which has been the foundation of traditional education, is increasingly being complemented by lateral thinking which aims at freeing the mind from the imprisonment caused by already established concepts and patterns. Thus paving the way for restructuring thinking patterns and generating new ideas. An attempt is made to show the context of lateral thinking to recent educational psychology developments. Developing lateral thinking skills has already become a pedagogical challenge to many educators. An analysis of technology education and its relevance to lateral thinking is presented in this article. Prospects for utilizing technology education as a platform and a contextual domain for nurturing lateral thinking are discussed. The main notion is that technology education, which is characterized by reconstructive learning activities of designing, making, using and evaluating of matter, energy and information in real-life situations is an appropriate environment for developing complementary incorporation of vertical and lateral thinking. Initial findings of a case study implementing lateral thinking through technology education are encouraging.\n      </p>", "The profitability of a new technology is rarely known with certainty at its announcement date. Consequently, prior to making an adoption decision it behooves the firm considering the adoption of this innovation to reduce the level of uncertainty associated with its profitability. The firm accomplishes this by sequentially gathering information, updating its prior estimate of profitability in a Bayesian manner. Quantifying the uncertainty regarding the innovation permits application of dynamic programming techniques: criteria are derived which tell the firm when to stop collecting information and make the adoption decision. It will be shown that it is optimal for the firm to continue to collect information until its estimate of profitability crosses one of two thresholds: upon crossing the upper threshold the firm adopts the technology, whereas the firm rejects the technology if the lower threshold is crossed. The model predicts that even the manager who behaves optimally will occasionally adopt unprofitable technologies and reject profitable ones.\n      </p>", "This article emphasizes the importance of formative assessment in the teaching and learning process and the role technology can play in advancing assessment practices. It describes work undertaken by attendees of the CILT workshop, highlighting key issues that were discussed and areas for further development including how to address important equity concerns.\n      </p>", "The Internet commerce technologies have significantly reduced sellers' costs of collecting buyer preference information and managing multiple prices. Advanced manufacturing technologies have also improved sellers' manufacturing flexibility. These changes allow an online seller to offer custom products at discriminatory prices. We show that these technologies offer significant advantages to an early adopter who gains market share and profits at the expense of the conventional seller. Not only does the customizing seller charge more for customized products, it also provides standard products but charges more for them than in a conventional market. The benefits of customization disappear when both the competing sellers adopt customization. They now compete not just on prices but also on degree of customization. Consequently, we see that the sellers \"over-customize,\" to the detriment of their profits. Both the sellers know this when choosing their customization strategies and yet they both end up choosing to customize. A seller that does not customize sees a sharp decrease in profits if its competitor customizes. This is an instance of the \"Prisoner's Dilemma\" type of situation in technology adoption. This confirms some key findings in IT productivity and strategic IT investments literature.\n      </p>", "This paper develops and tests a model of the determinants of information technology (IT) outsourcing by integrating both business and IT perspectives. Specifically, we attempt to explain the degree of IT outsourcing using business and IT competences as represented by their cost structures and economic performances. In addition, we posit that outsourcing is dependent on business governance, particularly financial leverage. Based on factor analyses and multiple regressions using data from fifty-five major U.S. corporations, we observed that the degree of IT outsourcing is positively related to both business and IT cost structures. We also established that the degree of IT outsourcing is negatively related to IT performance. Finally, we conclude with implications and future research directions.\n      </p>", "The new techniques in cervix cancer screening are reviewed. Literature relevant to the performance and cost effectiveness of these technologies is reviewed. Literature relevant to cost effectiveness of other techniques used for cervix cancer screening is reviewed. Prospective trials of competing technology are proposed to resolve the question utilizing contemporaneous methods of assessing cost effectiveness.\n      </p>", "Membrane technology is a process that has not been widely used in potable water treatment, except for reverse osmosis applications. Because of increasingly stringent regulations, this technology is being examined for the potential application of ultrafiltration, microfiltration, and nanoflltration to water treatment processes. Membranes can be used as the primary means to remove materials from water, but they can also be used in conjunction with other physical, chemical, or biological processes to separate phases, isolate organisms, or to bring two phases into contact with each other.\n      </p>", "The goal of this article is to examine the nature of technology in view of Georges Bataille's notion of intimacy. After providing a summary of Bataille's critique of technology, I offer my response and show that a technological device can reach such a degree of familiarity that it becomes indistinguishable from our psychophysical personality. In this sense, we experience technology not as instrumentation, but in intimacy. The old theory of technology as organ-projection is, therefore, reinterpreted to produce a theory of technology that includes the technological process in its entirety, from the moment of invention and innovation, involving a movement of transcendence and objectification, to the moment of intimacy.\n      </p>", "All investment decisions are problematic. The IT community seems to shy away from evaluation of its investments. This paper examines information technology investment in order to assess if it is radically different from other investment decisions. The lack of formal evaluation of IT projects may be due, not to a deficiency in the tools available to the evaluator, but to other factors. These factors are appraised and possible ways forward considered.\n      </p>", "New forms of information technology, such as email, webpages and groupware, are being rapidly adopted. Intended to improve efficiency and effectiveness, these technologies also have the potential to radically alter the way people communicate in organizations. The effects can be positive or negative. This paper explores how technology can encourage or discourage moral dialogue - communication that is open, honest, and respectful of participants. It develops a framework that integrates formal properties of ideal moral discourse, based on Habermas' (1984) theory of communicative action, with properties of informal communication that help sustain good moral conversations (Bird, 1996; Johannesen, 1996). Ten criteria distilled from these works form the basis of a template that can be used for assessing the positive and negative impacts of emerging information technologies on moral dialogue.\n      </p>", "The theme of this article is that the development of informed teacher advocacy for new advancements in technology-based assessment is an essential requirement if such advancements are to contribute toward the systemic improvement of the quality of school science instruction. The potential for advocacy involvement by teachers is considered a natural reaction toward the increasing tendency for classroom practices to be affected by local, state, or national assessment policy initiatives. In support of such an advocacy process, this article provides an awareness of the principles of good measurement practices in conjunction with the qualitative characteristics of technology-based assessment that together are sufficient to serve as a foundation for teachers whose concerns may motivate them to raise relevant questions regarding assessment policy. Based upon such implied \"standards of testing practice,\" the article suggests key evaluative questions for teachers to ask about any forms of science assessment that would have the effect of amplifying the potential value of new technology-based forms of assessment applications to enhance ongoing classroom processes of science teaching.\n      </p>", "The rapid growth of investment in information technology (IT) by organizations worldwide has made user acceptance an increasingly critical technology implementation and management issue. While such acceptance has received fairly extensive attention from previous research, additional efforts are needed to examine or validate existing research results, particularly those involving different technologies, user populations, and/or organizational contexts. In response, this paper reports a research work that examined the applicability of the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) in explaining physicians' decisions to accept telemedicine technology in the health-care context. The technology, the user group, and the organizational context are all new to IT acceptance/adoption research. The study also addressed a pragmatic technology management need resulting from millions of dollars invested by healthcare organizations in developing and implementing telemedicine programs in recent years. The model's overall fit, explanatory power, and the individual causal links that it postulates were evaluated by examining the acceptance of telemedicine technology among physicians practicing at public tertiary hospitals in Hong Kong. Our results suggested that TAM was able to provide a reasonable depiction of physicians' intention to use telemedicine technology. Perceived usefulness was found to be a significant determinant of attitude and intention but perceived ease of use was not. The relatively low R-square of the model suggests both the limitations of the parsimonious model and the need for incorporating additional factors or integrating with other IT acceptance models in order to improve its specificity and explanatory utility in a health-care context. Based on the study findings, implications for user technology acceptance research and telemedicine management are discussed.\n      </p>", "Objective: Physician use of clinical information technology (CIT) is important for the management of chronic illness, but has lagged behind expectations. We studied the role of health insurers' financial incentives (including pay-for-performance) and quality improvement initiatives in accelerating adoption of CIT in large physician practices. Methods: National survey of all medical groups and independent practice association (IPA) physician organizations with 20 or more physicians in the United States in 2006 to 2007. The response rate was 60.3%. Use of 19 CIT capabilities was measured. Multivariate statistical analysis of financial and organizational factors associated with adoption and use of CIT. Results: Use of information technology varied across physician organizations, including electronic access to laboratory test results (medical groups, 49.3%; IPAs, 19.6%), alerts for potential drug interactions (medical groups, 33.9%; IPAs, 9.5%), electronic drug prescribing (medical groups, 41.9%; IPAs, 25.1%), and physician use of e-mail with patients (medical groups, 34.2%; IPAs, 29.1%). Adoption of CIT was stronger for physician organizations evaluated by external entities for pay-for-performance and public reporting purposes (P = 0.042) and for those participating in quality improvement initiatives (P &lt; 0.001). Discussion: External incentives and participation in quality improvement initiatives are associated with greater use of CIT by large physician practices.\n      </p>", "The purpose of the study was to determine students' perception of instructional integration of computer technology to improve learning. Two key questions were investigated in this study: (a) What is the students' perception of faculty integration of computer technology into classroom instruction? (b) To what extent does the students' perception of faculty integration of computer technology, students' computer proficiency levels for personal activities, and students' computer proficiency levels for instructional activities predict the students' perception of the effect of computer technology to improve learning? A survey questionnaire with a likert-type rating scale was used to collect data to answer the research questions. Descriptive statistics as well as a multiple regression technique were used to analyze data obtained in the study. A statistically significant relationship was found between the three predictor variables and the students' perception of the effect of computer technology to improve learning.\n      </p>", "The technology acceptance model (TAM) is one of the most influential research models in studies of the determinants of information systems/information technology (IS/IT) acceptance. In TAM, perceived usefulness and perceived ease of use are hypothesized and empirically supported as fundamental determinants of user acceptance of a given IS/IT. A review of the IS and psychology literature, however, suggests that perceived usefulness can be of two distinct types: near-term usefulness and long-term usefulness. This paper reviews the concept of perceived usefulness and modifies TAM to include the two types of perceived usefulness. Data collected from nearly 285 administrative/clerical staff in a large organization were tested against the modified model using the structural equation modeling approach. The results of the study showed that, even though perceived near-term usefulness had the most significant influence on the behavioral intention to use a technology, perceived long-term usefulness also exerted a positive, though lesser, impact. No significant, direct relationship was found between ease of use and behavioral intention to use a technology. Implications of the findings and future research areas are discussed.\n      </p>", "Information and communications technology (ICT) has become an indispensable tool in the fight against world poverty. ICT provides developing nations with an unprecedented opportunity to meet vital development goals, such as poverty reduction, basic healthcare, and education, far more effectively than before (UNDP, 2000). Nations that succeed in harnessing the potential of ICT can look forward to greatly expanded economic growth, dramatically improved human welfare, and stronger forms of democratic government. The unequal access to technology between groups due to differences in demography, economic status, and locations, has been suggested to affect worldwide globalization through Internet connectivity. Other speculations in addition to these factors that are crucial to the adoption and use of ICTs include the number of ISPs (Internet Service Providers) and/or OSPs (Online Service Providers) in a given country. The present study investigates the impact of information technology (IT) infrastructure, ISPs, and socio-economic factors on ICT access and use. Statistical analyses show that there is an empirical relationship between these factors and the Internet adoption in different countries; which may help explain the gaps between groups with respect to Internet use.\n      </p>", "Games and videos lend themselves to student engagement and learning, but how do teachers determine what is most beneficial to student learning? How can we effectively incorporate technology into our teaching of mathematics?\n      </p>", "Despite the need for qualified personnel in the field of information technology (IT), women are under represented. Recruiting has been difficult and those women entering the profession often leave. Gender schema theory adds to the explanation of behaviors and attitudes in the workplace that may adversely impact women in technology. We surveyed members of Systers, an online forum for women in technology, to examine gender schemas of IT women to see if there is a significant difference between them and the general public. Our findings suggest that there is a significant difference in the gender-schemas of women in technology and the gender-schemas of the general population. A subsequent sample of male IT students and men in the general public also indicated a significant difference in gender schemas of these two groups. Implications of these differences and future research in this area are discussed.\n      </p>", "This study empirically develops a taxonomy that has implications for matching information technology (IT) and organizational structures. The taxonomy of IT structure is based on the degree of centralization of computer processing, capability to support communications, and the ability to share resources. By using a multistep cluster analysis, both the membership and number of groups are derived from the responses of 313 firms. Four IT structures are identified: centralized (centralized processing, low communication, low sharing), decentralized (decentralized processing, low communication, low sharing), centralized cooperative (centralized processing, high communication, high sharing), and distributed cooperative computing (decentralized processing, high communication, high sharing). Centralized computing is related to functional organizational forms with low integration and centralized decision making. Decentralized computing is related to product organizational forms with decentralized decision making. Centralized cooperative computing is related to functional organizational forms with high integration. Distributed cooperative computing is related to both matrix and product organizational forms with high integration. The ability to identify and understand the implications of IT structure is of critical importance to both academic and management practitioners.\n      </p>", "The authors investigated the interactive and differential effects of professors' instructional methods and university students' conceptual levels on students' achievement and motivation in a course designed to teach computer technologies. As predicted, matching high-conceptual-level persons with student-centered instruction and low-conceptual-level learners with teacher-centered instruction enhanced students' achievement and motivation in the classroom. In addition, an unpredicted main effect for type of instruction was discovered with respect to motivation\u2014regardless of conceptual level, students exposed to student-centered instruction demonstrated greater motivation than did students exposed to teacher-centered instruction. These findings have ramifications for the design and implementation of computer technology courses and deserve further research.\n      </p>", "Using technology was not the learning goal in solving this classic benchmark problem, but a way to amplify important mathematics and solidify number characteristic.\n      </p>", "This study investigates the job satisfaction of information technology (IT) professionals in an environment where computer aided software engineering (CASE) tools are used. Although the recent downturn in the economy might have temporarily eased the IT labor shortage, issues of recruitment and retention of qualified personnel are key to the success of IS development projects. This study presents a model of the combination of CASE tool usage and job satisfaction as related to internal career orientation. Two hypotheses based on this model were tested using empirical evidence collected through a survey method. The first examines whether the career orientation of IS personnel influences their job satisfaction. The second incorporates the impact of CASE tool usage on this relationship. The results indicate that in a CASE tool environment, personnel with a predominant technical career orientation have more job satisfaction than those with a predominant managerial orientation. However, there is a significant and positive synergy between the sophistication of the CASE tool used and managerial competence orientation leading to higher job satisfaction These findings indicate that combating the IT personnel shortage through task automation may also increase worker satisfaction, thereby decreasing turnover. Careful selection of the CASE tool for use may result in this win-win situation.\n      </p>", "There are at least three perspectives on the interaction between strategy and technology. The first focuses on the effect of current technology on current strategy of the firm, the second on the effect of current strategy on future technology, and the third on the effect of current technology on future strategy. The essence of these effects are respectively: strategy capitalizes on technology, strategy cultivates technology, and technology drives cognition of strategy. As we go from the first to the third, it becomes less conventional, less oriented to economics, more development-oriented and more process and organization-oriented. Past strategy research has been dominated by the first perspective and thus has been too narrow and static. This paper tries to rectify this imbalance.\n      </p>", "In recent years, much research has shown that technology is not being used in the majority of the nation's classrooms. However, these findings have often failed to include foreign-language teachers and may now be outdated due to the ephemeral nature of technology. Further, research has established that teachers' beliefs may be one of the most effective influences on practices. This study surveyed 340 K-12 Spanish teachers about their use of and beliefs about computers that included questions related to administrative and pedagogic uses of computers as well as beliefs about computers. The survey found that Spanish teachers are using computers administratively on a regular basis and are also reporting some pedagogical use in the classroom. The respondents' knowingly plan their use of computers to emphasize particular language skills and report strong beliefs about the potential of computers for language learning.\n      </p>", "Since educational technology has become an integral component in teacher education programs, an analysis was conducted of educational technology positions listed in \"The Chronicle of Higher Education\". Weekly job listings were coded from August, 2000 through July, 2001. Over this time period, 70 positions were advertised. Results found that the majority of the positions were tenure track and tended to be at nonresearch/doctoral granting institutions. These positions were typically for a generalist rather than a specialist.\n      </p>", "Technology is not only the material means of making artifacts, but a dynamic cultural phenomenon embedded in social action, worldviews, and social reproduction. This paper explores the theoretical foundations for an anthropology of technology that is compatible with this definition. Because of its focus on social agency, practice theory provides an appropriate starting point for a social theory of technology. In addition, three other themes require explicit attention: scale, context, and the materiality of technology. Four case studies demonstrate how archaeologists are beginning to take technology beyond its material dimensions, and additional questions are proposed stemming from the theoretical issues raised in the paper. The purpose of this essay is to synthesize a diverse set of emerging ideas and approaches to understand better dynamic community-level social processes of prehistoric material culture production.\n      </p>", "This issue is the first of two special issues that present a diverse collection of studies which describe and discuss innovative approaches to science and technology teaching and learning at MIT. This issue focuses on advancing and evaluating technology-based projects on-campus, while the second one will focus mainly on off-campus technology-based projects.\n      </p>"], "words": {"irrigation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "illustrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamic": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "results": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "go": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "causes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationships": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 29, "prob": 0.00024015668153153712}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "under": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "teaching": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "include": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "summarizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "advantage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emphasizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sellers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appropriation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "orientations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reforms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "governments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "school": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contexts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enhance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "literature": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "past": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "design": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investment": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "index": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "what": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deliberate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "profitability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "current": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "new": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "firms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shocks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multinational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proliferation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mechanisms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "component": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "jointly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "water": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "explore": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pursuit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "making": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teacher": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "great": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "biodiversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shift": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "k": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "adopting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "criticism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "addresses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problematic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "brought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "licensing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rarely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "from": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "two": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "by": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "panacea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "themselves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "theoretical": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "more": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recently,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "company": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "curriculum": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reversible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stochastic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "documents,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "organizations": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "increasingly,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 22, "prob": 0.0001821878273687523}, "science": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "challenge": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "work": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "concepts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impacts": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "process": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "share": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "states": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advancing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "swedish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "educational": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "goal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "feature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "methodology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsidiaries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inputs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "philosophy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "collection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questioning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "applications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "date": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eighth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 37, "prob": 0.0003064068005747198}, "discusses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "natural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effective": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "explicit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "so": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "operations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "internalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "help": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "facilitated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "through": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "innovative": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "agricultural": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "group": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "gerald": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lateral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "varies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "estimating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farmer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "motivated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greater": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "propose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "material": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indigenous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "qualified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "now": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "discuss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technology,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "profound": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "certainty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establishing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "realistic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mode": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inherent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significantly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "used": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "year": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shown": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fundamentally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "space": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "since": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "research": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "increase": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "encourage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "health": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emerged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "receiving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "shows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "turning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incentives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "campaigns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "approaches": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "base": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advantages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "incorporates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enormous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interaction": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conducted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "barriers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undergo": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "stimulate": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "first": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "origin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "features": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "improvements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adopted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "electronic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "doppelt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "engagement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "least": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "victoria,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "listed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "final": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "too": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "that": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "asymmetric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "completed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continuous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appreciation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "part": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "authors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diffusion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "essay,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "r": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "toward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 60, "prob": 0.0004968758928238699}, "medium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "any": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ratings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generalizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programs,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "able": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideas": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "equipment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "internal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "objective": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "performance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "age,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "why": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "policies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considered": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "farmers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enterprise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "professional": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "phenomenon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "impact": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "knowledge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parameters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "theme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "screening": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taxonomy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equilibrium": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "means": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "cannot": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "competitive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "determine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "competing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "during": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "years": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "determinants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "embedded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ricardian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "covering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seldom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "view": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reveals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "national": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "are": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "incorporating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "techniques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reform": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsequent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "complementary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "membrane": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "jamaican": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "we": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "nature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attention": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "efficiency": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "job": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapidly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reaction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "uncertainty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drug": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "games": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reply": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "argue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behaviors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovations": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "satisfaction": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exploit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adaptation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "learning": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "article": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "respect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perspectives": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acceptance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "informed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "been": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "strategy": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "much": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "treat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "certain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firm": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "enable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "powerful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thousand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enterprises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "external": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commerce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frameworks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ongoing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "teachers": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "curricula": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "soil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "it": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 46, "prob": 0.00038093818449830025}, "claimed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alliances": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technology": {"number": 71, "prob": 0.0005879698065082461}, "emergence,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investment,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "develop": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "make": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "confronting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "difficult": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "practice": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "allocation": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigates": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "student": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "changing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recent": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "literatures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "components": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "personnel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 89, "prob": 0.0007370325743554071}, "drawing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "researchers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increasingly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accurate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "executive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "actions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviewed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sources": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "previous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "announcement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "majority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thinking": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "except": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capabilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adoption": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "input": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "transformation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "australia": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increased": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "government": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "action,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "emergence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advanced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prominent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cognitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "schools": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individuals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beneficial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theorists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "methods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "creation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "matching": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "courses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linkages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "innovation": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "participation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measuring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "business": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marketing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abroad": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "panel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chapter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "about": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "of": {"number": 73, "prob": 0.0006045323362690418}, "modernity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "messaging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "communication": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "into": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integral": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "doctrine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "there": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "long": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "synthesizes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems,": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "conservation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "way": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analyze": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "only": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "form": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "funds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sophisticated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technologies": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "with": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "evident": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characteristic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "up": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "us": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "stories": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "heterogeneous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beliefs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adopt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "artifacts,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognize": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "received": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advancements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "research,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "problem,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "organizational": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "education": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "defines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technologies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "corporation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematics": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "collaborative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "students": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavioral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improvisation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develops": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sociologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authorities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "land": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lead": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purposes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "management": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "starting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}