{"total_words": 1311, "documents": ["Providing safe, convenient places for walking and bicycling can reduce barriers to participating in regular physical activity. We examined bicycle-and pedestrianrelated investments authorized by federal transportation legislation in 3,140 counties in the United States by region, population size and urbanization, social and economic characteristics, and indicators of travel-related walking and bicycling. From 1992 to 2004, states and counties implemented 10,012 bicycle-and pedestrian-related projects representing $ 3.17 billion in federal expenditures. We found disparities in implementation and system-building outcomes according to population size and location and social and economic indicators. Counties characterized by persistent poverty (odds ratio=0.69, 95% confidence interval 0.53-0.91) or low educational status (odds ratio=0.66, 95% confidence interval 0.52-0.84) were less likely to implement projects. Three key policy recommendations for improving public health outcomes are drawn from this research: Improved data tracking, more explicit linkages between transportation projects and public health, and improved planning assistance to underserved communities are all seen as essential steps.\n      </p>", "In the classical vehicle-routing problem (VRP), the underlying geographic model typically represents a road network. When this network is represented as a directed graph, driving any arc in the graph is always physically possible. In areas where customers are located on various islands, ferries must be used to transport trucks. In a graphical representation of such a transportation network, some of the arcs are present only at discrete times. I considered aspects of dynamic arcs in relation to the use of existing insertion heuristics for vehicle routing and scheduling problems with time window constraints (VRSPTW) and designed a specific algorithm for this special type of problem.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we develop and analyze a model to generate an equitable set of routes for hazardous material shipments. The objective is to determine a set of routes that will minimize the total risk of travel and spread the risk equitably among the zones of the geographical region in which the transportation network is embedded, when several trips are necessary from origin to destination. An integer programming formulation for the problem is proposed. We develop and test a heuristic that repeatedly solves single-trip problems; a Lagrangian dual approach with a gap-closing procedure is used to optimally solve single-trip problems. We report a sampling of our computational experience, based on a real-life routing scenario in the Albany district of New York State. Our findings indicate that one can achieve a high degree of equity by modestly increasing the total risk and by embarking on different routes to evenly spread the risk among the zones. Furthermore, it appears that our heuristic procedure is excellent in terms of computational requirements as well as solution quality. We also suggest some directions for future research.\n      </p>", "We study a model of a stochastic transportation system introduced by Crane. By adapting constructions of multidimensional reflected Brownian motion (RBM) that have since been developed for feedforward queueing networks, we generalize Crane's original functional central limit theorem results to a full vector setting, giving an explicit development for the case in which all terminals in the model experience heavy traffic conditions. We investigate product form conditions for the stationary distribution of our resulting RBM limit, and contrast our results for transportation networks with those for traditional queueing network models.\n      </p>", "In a transportation problem, generally, a single criterion of minimizing the total cost is considered. But in certain practical situations two or more objectives are relevant. For example, the objectives may be minimizations of total cost, consumption of certain scarce resources such as energy, total deterioration of goods during transportation, etc. Clearly, this problem can be solved using any of the multiobjective linear programming techniques; but the computational efforts needed would be prohibitive in many cases. The computational complexity in these techniques arises from the fact that each of the methods finds the set of nondominated extreme points in the solution space where such extreme points are, generally, many. Therefore, this paper develops a method of finding the nondominated extreme points in the criteria space. Such extreme points in the criteria space would be generally less and only these are needed while choosing a nondominated solution for implementation. The method involves a parametric search in the criteria space. Although the method is developed with respect to a bicriteria transportation problem, it is applicable to any bicriteria linear program in general. The bottleneck criterion included as a third objective is particularly significant in time bound transportation schedules. A numerical example is included.\n      </p>", "The formulation process has been called the most important phase of decision making, yet little is known about how this process is carried out in a group, team, or organizational context through a discussion of issues and opportunities. This paper reviews the literatures on problem/opportunity formulation, particularly as related to the use of natural language in developing collective perception. Applying a taxonomy of six linguistic structures, the formulation process of a 13-member transportation planning committee is analysed. The results of this field study suggest overall preferences for simple rather than complex linguistic structures, differentiated by member roles (leader versus non-leader). Further, exploration of the problem/opportunityspace began with a relatively broad interpretation of the problematic situation, and proceeded incrementally. Digressions from this incremental exploration increased as the process unfolded, precipitated by changes in speakers. The implications of this analysis for understanding and managing the formulation process, as well as for future research, are discussed.\n      </p>", "The consumption of transportation in the United States is prodigious. Given the large shares of national resources, time, and capital invested in transportation, it is surprising how little understood are the motivations and circumstances that stimulate travel and the scale and nature of the benefits that derive from transportation. The development of social indicators in the transport sector would make a major contribution to improved understanding of transportation and to improved public decisions in the coming decade. The key element in the future mobility of the U. S. population will continue to be the automobile. Critical factors determining the future cost of auto travel will be synthetic fuels development, shifts to diesel, and electrification; with positive development, auto-operating costs could remain roughly constant in this decade. In other modes of passenger travel, the key to competitive success will be the ability to reduce fuel requirements. In modifying freight transport patterns, the shifting location and character of fuel resources will be the dominant factor. Consumers will either have to consume less transportation or accept the displacement of other needs to retain their present levels of mobility. The trade-offs made will materially affect life-styles and national economic structure.\n      </p>", "The Hitchcock transportation problem is perhaps one of the `most solved' linear programming problems in existence. We shall propose yet another computation for the problem... The current computational status of the transportation problem is reviewed, and the claims of three papers that recently appeared in this journal are put into perspective.\n      </p>", "The transportation problem (TP) is one of the most popular network problems because of its theoretical and practical importance. If the transportation cost linearly depends on the transported amount of the product, then TP is solvable in polynomial time with linear programming methods. However, in the real world, the transportation costs are generally nonlinear, frequently concave where the unit cost for transporting products decreases as the amount of products increases. Since concave cost transportation problems (ccTPs) are NP-hard, solving large-scale problems is time consuming. In this study, we propose a hybrid algorithm based on the concepts borrowed from tabu search (TS) and simulated annealing (SA) to solve the ccTP. This algorithm, called ATSA (adaptive tabu-simulated annealing), is an SA approach supplemented with a tabu list and adaptive cooling strategy. The effectiveness of ATSA has been investigated in two stages using a set of TPs with different sizes. The first stage includes performance analysis of ATSA using SA, ASA (adaptive simulated anealing) and TS, which are basic forms of ATSA. In the second stage, ATSA has been compared with the heuristic approaches given in the literature for ccTP. Statistical analysis shows that ATSA exhibits better performance than its basic forms and heuristic approaches.\n      </p>", "This paper reports the results of three studies designed to test the nomological validity of a consumer well-being (CWB) measure in relation to personal transportation. The CWB measure was developed guided by the theoretical notion that the CWB in relation to personal transportation vehicles is significantly enhanced when the consumption of the vehicle meets the full spectrum of human developmental needs (i.e., safety, economic, family, social, esteem, actualization, knowledge, and aesthetics needs). The nomological validity of the CWB measure was tested by exploring the various antecedents and consequences of the construct. This was done in three separate studies in which the results of one study prompted further conceptual development and additional testing. The overall findings of the three studies provided support for the nomological validity of the CWB measure.\n      </p>", "In this note a method is given to find an independent cell for allocation of an infinitesimally small amount (\u03b5) in a degenerate solution of a transportation problem. The suggested method of locating the independent cell ensures improvement of the solution or recognition of its optimality, thereby avoiding unnecessary iterations that result in shifting of the \u03b5 from one independent cell to another.\n      </p>", "This note establishes the validity of a simple, transparent and easily programmed method for finding Rook's tours within the transportation algorithm.\n      </p>", "A logit model is used to estimate the elasticities and cross elasticities for freight transport services. The model is applied to a sample of cherry and apple shipments. The performance of the model in explaining choice of transportation method is highly satisfactory. Estimated coefficients, with one exception, have expected signs and are statistically significant.\n      </p>", "The United States Postal Service (USPS) delivers more than 200 billion items per year. Transporting these items in a timely and cost-efficient manner is critical if USPS is to meet its service and financial goals. The Highway Corridor Analytic Program (HCAP) is a tool that aids USPS transportation analysts in identifying cost-savings opportunities in the surface-transportation network. By using HCAP, USPS has saved millions of dollars annually.\n      </p>", "The widespread occurrence of permafrost in northern climates dictates the use of specialized measures to protect the terrain from adverse impacts associated with the construction of transportation facilities. Through the adoption of appropriate construction techniques and by providing proper drainage and erosion control facilities within the right-of-way, serious environmental degradation can be avoided. The most appropriate type of erosion control measure is selected according to local terrain and drainage conditions, including a Soil Erosion Code SEC). Erosion control begins with the provision of effective drainage across the right-of-way. Typical erosion control measures include the use of permanent linings such as granular blankets, rock riprap and gabions and temporary linings, such as plastic sheets and fiberglass rovings. Ditch checks, rock aprons, energy dissipators and siltation basins may be used to minimize erosion of exposed soils along the route and attendant siltation of streams. Cut slopes may be protected with insulation in ice-rich, fine-grained soils to ensure stability and prevent slump material from reaching the drainage system. Ultimately, long-term erosion protection along transportation corridors is provided through appropriate re vegetation techniques, periodic surveillance and regular maintenance of drainage and erosion control facilities. /// La pr\u00e9sence \u00e9tendue de perg\u00e9lisol dans les r\u00e9gion du nord exige l'utilisation de mesures sp\u00e9ciales pour prot\u00e9ger le terrain des effets n\u00e9gatifs d\u00fbs \u00e0 l'am\u00e9nagement de l'infrastructure routi\u00e8re. En adoptant des techniques de construction appropri\u00e9es et en assurant un drainage ad\u00e9quat et un contr\u00f4le sur l'\u00e9rosion le long du trac\u00e9, une d\u00e9gradation s\u00e9rieuse de l'environnement pourrait \u00eatre \u00e9vit\u00e9e. Le moyen les plus efficace pour contr\u00f4ler l'\u00e9rosion est choisi selon le terrain et les conditions du drainage de l'endroit, incluant un Code d'\u00e9rosion du sol (SEC). Le contr\u00f4le de l'\u00e9rosion commence en assurant un drainage efficace le long du trac\u00e9. Les moyens typiques pour contr\u00f4ler l'\u00e9rosion incluent l'utilisation de rev\u00eatements permanents, tels les mat\u00e9riaux granuleux, les enrochements, les gabions de roches; et les rev\u00eatements temporaires, tels les feuilles plastiques et les boudins en fibre de verre. Les arr\u00eats de caniveau, les tabliers de roche, les \u00e9vacuateurs d'en\u00e9rgie et les bassins d'envasement peuvent \u00eatre utilis\u00e9s pour minimiser l'\u00e9rosion des sols expos\u00e9s le long de la route ainsi que l'envasement des ruisseaux qui l'accompagnent. Les ruptures de pentes pourraient \u00eatre prot\u00e9g\u00e9es par des sols \u00e0 granulometrie fine, riches en glace, afin d'assurer une stabilit\u00e9 de la pente et emp\u00eacher les mat\u00e9riaux, en s'effondrant, d'atteindre le syst\u00e8me de drainage. Enfin, la protection \u00e0 long terme contre l'\u00e9rosion le long des trac\u00e9s est assur\u00e9e par des techiques de rev\u00e9g\u00e9tation appropri\u00e9es, une surveillance p\u00e9riodique et la maintenance d'une infrastructure de contr\u00f4le du drainage et de l'\u00e9rosion.\n      </p>", "This paper extends carrier assignment models used in winner determination auctions for transportation procurement to include shipper non-price objectives and carrier transit point costs. The models are unlike traditional carrier assignment models which incorporate only carrier lane bids, and different from combinatorial auction models which focus on packets of lanes without considering transit point costs. We develop solutions, including metaheuristics, for the new models and through computational experimentation show that the algorithms work well and can be easily implemented.\n      </p>", "A general framework is given to analyze the falsifiability of economic models based on a sample of their observable components. It is shown that, when the restrictions implied by the economic theory are insufficient to identify the unknown quantities of the structure, the duality of optimal transportation with zero\u2014one cost function delivers interpretable and operational formulations of the hypothesis of specification correctness from which tests can be constructed to falsify the model.\n      </p>", "In this paper, a stochastic bottleneck transportation problem, which aims at minimizing the transportation time target subject to a chance constraint, is formulated and an algorithm based on a parametric programming approach is developed to solve it. Further, assuming the transportation costs to be deterministic, a trade-off analysis between the transportation time target and the total cost is given. In addition, methods are developed which give the whole spectrum of optimal solutions to the problems mentioned above. The algorithms are illustrated by numerical examples. The computational complexity of the algorithms is also discussed.\n      </p>", "An algorithm is given that joins any pair of extreme points of a dual transportation polyhedron by a path of at most (m - 1)(n - 1) extreme edges.\n      </p>", "We consider the capacitated transportation problem defined by sets of supplies a&lt;sub&gt;i&lt;/sub&gt;, i \u2208 I, demands b&lt;sub&gt;j&lt;/sub&gt;, j \u2208 J, and capacities c&lt;sub&gt;ij&lt;/sub&gt;, i \u2208 I, j \u2208 J. Assuming that the capacities are random variables, we prove asymptotic conditions on the supplies and demands which assure that a feasible solution exists almost surely. The proof is constructive and supplies an algorithm whose running time is O(|I||J|). We then apply the results to the maximum flow problem.\n      </p>", "Onshore or land-type drilling rigs used for oil exploration in remote desert areas, commonly found in the Middle East, require an adequate system of transportation. Trucks are needed to transport the rig itself, accessory camp facilities, and material and equipment for the drilling operations. A trucking program has to be worked out which allows for no shutdown of operation. At the same time transportation cost should be kept at a minimum. This paper deals with such a situation by identifying the various factors affecting the transportation service, with special emphasis on those under the direct control of the transportation manager. It then provides an analytical approach and a simplified technique that can be easily pursued by the transportation manager in order to provide the number of trucks resulting in minimum cost and with no shutdown or standby rig time.\n      </p>", "This note presents an algorithm which is a completion of Russel's method for generating an initial feasible solution of the transportation problem when ties occur in selecting the basic variables. Interestingly, as a test problem shows, the initial feasible solution obtained by this complete Russel's method turns out to be the optimal solution.\n      </p>", "The development and the operation of a model-based decision-support system for ocean-borne transportation are described. For the past four years, this interactive time-sharing system has provided two sets of functions in that (a) it guides Bethlehem Steel's Marine Operations management in both annual planning and spot decision, and (b) it assists operating personnel not only in routine scheduling on a week-to-week, month-to-month basis throughout the year, but also in adjusting rapidly for emerging opportunities or requirements.\n      </p>", "Given a public transportation system represented by its stops and direct connections between stops, we present OR models for two problems dealing with the prices for the customers. In the first, the fare problem, subsets of stops are already aggregated to zones and \"good\" tariffs have to be found in the existing zone system. Closed form solutions for the fare problem are presented for three objective functions. The second problem, the zone problem includes the design of the zones. In an exemplary way we study this problem for one of the objectives. It is NP hard and we therefore propose three heuristics which prove to be very successful in the redesign of one of Germany's transportation systems.\n      </p>", "In 1988, the Energy Efficiency Branch of Alberta's Department of Energy launched a computerized transportation audit program. Its purpose is to identify possible savings in the consumption of energy in the transportation sector. In the first 18 audits completed, the potential annual fuel savings averaged 34 percent. The program consists of four segments: vehicle selection, vehicle maintenance, driver training, and vehicle routing. We concentrate here on the development and implementation of the vehicle routing component and its use by Scott National to save 10 percent of its annual fuel costs.\n      </p>", "The factored transportation problem is one having cost coefficients of the form c&lt;sub&gt;ij&lt;/sub&gt; = u&lt;sub&gt;i&lt;/sub&gt;v&lt;sub&gt;j&lt;/sub&gt;. The main result proven in this paper is that if rows are arranged according to nonincreasing u&lt;sub&gt;i&lt;/sub&gt;, and columns by nondecreasing v&lt;sub&gt;j&lt;/sub&gt;, then the northwest corner rule provides an optimal solution. Applications to stock location in a warehouse and information storage and retrieval policies are presented. For the stock location problem, this verifies that a previously advocated heuristic is optimal.\n      </p>", "Although major advances have been made in the estimation of transportation cost functions in terms of functional specification and microeconomic properties, available studies present inconsistencies with observed industry behavior, and have been criticized as a reliable basis for policy design. In this paper the concept of transportation cost function is restated on the basis of an improved (multi-) output definition. The transportation function is identified as that component of the production function that relates output to characteristics of vehicles, terminals and rights-of-way. Using this framework, cost functions are derived for two simple transportation systems, which illustrates the ambiguity of the aggregate output definition and shows the importance of spatial complementarity in transportation activities. Eventual contradiction between economic wisdom and firms' behavior are shown to be explainable under the multioutput perspective. The implications of output misspecification on the estimation of transportation cost functions are discussed.\n      </p>", "Six transportation firms (one in each mode) participated in an exploratory study to investigate factors that influence the time lag in decision making over the adoption and implementation stages for innovation. For a sample of 32 innovations, the single best predictor of the amount of time required to progress from one stage of the decision-making process to the next was the cost of the innovation (R&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt; = 0.23, p &lt; 0.01), and a total of four valid predictors (cost, complexity, of the innovation, organizational risk-taking climate, and union reaction) account for about 42% of the variance (R&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;) in the innovation and adoption time period. A recursive, multi-stage path model was constructed and in general it was found that secondary innovation attributes act as intervening variables for the influence of climate, union reaction, and government regulation and intervention on the innovation and adoption time period. The results of the study suggest that the key leverage point at the firm level for influencing the adoption time period is the risk-taking climate of an organization. If an organization climate exists or can be created which is characterized as supporting calculated risks, then, significantly, the following impacts are likely to occur: 1) the relative advantage necessary for consideration and adoption will be lower than for more conservative firms, but this lower required relative advantage will also stimulate RD&amp;E spending; 2) innovations considered for adoption are likely to have fewer concrete performance criteria; and 3) innovations are likely to be viewed as less complex but more time will be required to reduce this complexity through learning. The results of the study also suggest that individuals with high risk-taking propensity will not be a sufficient single condition to change or alter the risk-taking climate of an organization. The conversion from a conservative climate to one supporting calculated risk is obviously not an easy matter nor is it likely to happen in a short period of time. It is likely to be the product of a group or team-building effort, recognizing the value of diversity in organization membership. Individuals seem to stimulate the innovation process most when a recent manpower flow is involved; that is, the crossing of an organizational boundary by a key organizational member coming to the organization or department of the transportation firm. Influencing the risk-taking climate of an organization alone will not have an impact on the perceived compatibility of the innovations considered for adoption nor the relative ease of testing or trying innovations on a limited basis, even though these two innovation attributes vary significantly and directly. One possible explanation for this result is that during the trial period, the innovation is modified to make it more compatible with organization constraints. Based on the results of this study, with a limited sample of transportation innovations, some mechanism other than organization climate will have to be sought to achieve a fit between innovation, organization and environment. The significant findings of this study do not immediately suggest this approach. Concerning innovation policy and government intervention and action which influences the adoption process, several implications from these data are apparent. First, government action has the least pervasive influence in a model of adoption time period, which suggests that the influence of government actions might be on other aspects of the adoption process: for example, the type of innovations that are considered, the agenda for decision making and an organizational mechanism which builds slowly over time to cope with government in a classically regulated industry. Second, there is some evidence, albeit weak, that government action can have a long-range impact on the adoption process by drawing attention to particular innovations or reordering decision-making or spending priorities or perhaps by increasing the consistency of agency treatments of firms.\n      </p>", "A new approach to the maintainability of a grade structure in a deterministic environment, using promotion control, is sought. Our main objective is to show how this manpower planning issue can be viewed in the context of transportation problems. By the same token, a condition for the maintainability of a structure will be proved to be sufficient.\n      </p>", "Ten specifications of a linear programming model are developed to jointly select the least cost locations of grain production and interregional grain transportation in the United States. Analyses are based on 1980 demand projections for wheat, soybeans, and feed grains. Seven model options represent alternative transportation systems and include alternative cost estimates for railroad and barge transportation. Three other options are specified to analyze interdependencies between grain exports and transportation. Results suggest that choice of transportation mode and grain flows are sensitive to transportation cost changes and the distribution of exports among ports but the location of grain production is not.\n      </p>", "A heuristic for obtaining an initial solution for the transportation problem is presented. Comparison of findings obtained by the new heuristic and Vogel's approximation method (VAM) are tabulated for 480 examples. Superior performance of the new heuristic over VAM is discussed in terms of total costs obtained, number of iterations required to reach the final solution, and CPU time required to solve the problems. Experimental design aspects are also presented.\n      </p>", "The solution of the classical transportation problem (as generally presented) can be mastered very quickly. The fixed-charge problem is another matter. The reason is that the introduction of fixed costs in addition to variable costs results in the objective function being a step function. Fixed-charge problems are usually solved, therefore, by using sophisticated computer software. This paper deviates from that approach. It presents a low-tech. algorithm for the solution of small, fixed-charge problems.\n      </p>", "This paper deals with the problem of determining the frequencies at which several products have to be shipped on a common link to minimize the sum of transportation and inventory costs. A set of feasible shipping frequencies is given. Transportation costs are supposed to be proportional to the number of journeys performed by vehicles of a given capacity. Vehicles may or may not be supposed to carry out completely all materials available, and products assigned to different frequencies may or may not share the same truck. Integer and mixed integer linear programming models are formulated for each of the resulting four situations, and their properties are investigated. In particular, we show that allowing products to be split among several shipping frequencies makes trucks traveling at high frequencies to be filled up completely. In this situation, trucks may always be loaded with products shipped at the same frequency.\n      </p>", "In the classical transportation problem if the unit costs and transportation durations are considered, the time-cost trade-off solutions can be determined by the well-known threshold approach assuming that all the transportations are permitted to be simultaneous in time. If all the unit costs are linear functions of time over a specified interval of time, a parametric technique can be applied for identifying all the time-cost trade-off solutions pertaining to this interval. In this paper, the unit costs considered are piecewise linear non-increasing functions of time and transportations are allowed to be simultaneous. It is shown that a parametric method involving a finite sequence of parametric transportation problems reveals all the time-cost trade-off solutions of this generalized trade-off problem. Computational experience is included. If the transportation problem has considerable degeneracy, the parametric approach may pose some computational difficulty. This difficulty can be reduced by using an alternative method involving the bicriteria optimization approach of Aneja and Nair. Also, a direct method is outlined for the case where a finite set of discrete alternatives of unit cost-time pairs is available.\n      </p>", "This paper describes an approach to solving a real-world problem which involves the transportation of multiple types of commodities from a number of sources to a number of destinations in discrete time periods, using a capacitated heterogeneous fleet of vehicles. The preliminary objective is to minimize the total number of discrete periods needed to complete the entire operation. The problem is first formulated as a mixed integer programme and its tractability is then greatly improved by reformulating it through backward decomposition into two separate models and solved iteratively. A heuristic approach harnessing specific features of the second approach is developed for solving large size problems to obtain near-optimal solutions within reasonable time. The design of the heuristic also takes into consideration the secondary objectives of minimizing the total vehicle capacity used and minimizing the total capacity of sources needed to satisfy the demands at the destinations. Computational results are provided for a variety of randomly generated problems as well as problems from the literature. The approach described here may be applied to the multi-period transportation of personnel and goods from multiple starting points to multiple destinations in both military and civilian applications.\n      </p>", "The paper considers a problem of scheduling n jobs in a two-machine open shop to minimise the makespan, provided that preemption is not allowed and the interstage transportation times are involved. In general, this problem is known to be NP-hard. We present a linear time algorithm that finds an optimal schedule if no transportation time exceeds the smallest of the processing times. We also describe an algorithm that creates a heuristic solution to the problem with job-independent transportation times. Our algorithm provides a worst-case performance ratio of 8/5 if the transportation time of a job depends on the assigned processing route. The ratio reduces to 3/2 if all transportation times are equal.\n      </p>", "We develop here a new approach to postoptimality analyses of the transportation problem (TP) through the use of perturbation analysis. In contrast to the usual sensitivity analysis the proposed methods allow for simultaneous, independent (or dependent) perturbation of the supplies, demands and transportation rates cost from their nominal values whilst preserving the current optimal basis. The essential parts of the calculation involve the same manipulations as the solution algorithm used in solving the parametric perturbed supply-demand version of the nominal TP. Furthermore, the coefficient of the perturbed parameters in the optimal parametric cost function is used to indicate the existence of a cheaper (or equivalent cost) solution than the current optimal one by shipping more total goods. The proposed approach permits computation of the maximal allowable additional units and distribution of these extra units in a systematic manner. The proposed unified procedures are demonstrated by numerical examples.\n      </p>", "Let X1,...,Xn,Y1,...,Yn be i.i.d. with the uniform distribution on ([ 0,1]2, | |), where | | denotes the Euclidean norm. Using a new presentation of the Ajtai-Koml\u00f3s-Tusn\u00e1dy (AKT) transportation algorithm, it is shown that the square exponential transportation cost $\\inf_\\pi \\sum^n_{i=1} \\exp\\Bigg(\\frac{\\|X_i - Y_{\\pi(i)}\\|}{K(\\log n/n)^{1/2}}\\Bigg)^2,$ where \u03c0 ranges over all permutations of the integers 1,...,n, satisfies an integrability condition. This condition strengthens the optimal matching results of AKT and supports a recent conjecture of Talagrand. Rates of growth for the Lp transportation cost are also found.\n      </p>", "North Carolina uses data envelopment analysis (DEA) to produce a pupil transportation funding process that encourages operational efficiency and reduces expenditures. To do so, we extended the DEA methodology to nonhomogeneous units by integrating DEA with a regression model that adjusts the DEA output to account for variations in site characteristics and to ensure that the final funding allocations were fair. The new process has led to changes in bus routes and schedules, adjustments in school start and stop times, and reductions in the inventory of buses. Between 1990 and 1993, the state saved $25.2 million in capital costs and $27.9 million in operating costs, and it expects savings to increase.\n      </p>", "In this paper, we develop a new heuristic procedure for solving a generalization of the fixed-charge transportation problem in which there are resource losses in addition to the fixed charges. The losses may be evaporation losses when the commodity is a liquid, heat losses in an electrical distribution network, or deterioration losses in distribution networks involving perishable commodities such as, for example, food items. The proposed procedure consists of solving a sequence of pro-rated problems. It is different from heuristic procedures that have been developed for solving the standard fixed charge transportation problem, in that it is not based on extreme point enumeration. We experiment with problems involving up to 2100 arcs with fixed charges and resource losses. The results show that the proposed approach is viable for solving medium-to-large sized problems.\n      </p>", "Most shippers use annual auctions to procure transportation services, leading to annual contracts. By using combinatorial auctions they can reduce their operating costs while protecting carriers from winning lanes that do not fit their networks, thereby improving carriers' operations as well. Combinatorial auctions account for carriers' economies of scope, which many consider more important than economies of scale in transportation operations. Any transportation procurement procedure, however, must account for level of service and other nonprice variables, which are as important as price in determining which carrier should serve what lane. These considerations can be incorporated into the combinatorial auction framework easily and holistically. After several years of using this approach, leading shippers have adopted it, and several software providers offer the requisite software.\n      </p>", "Two of a railroad's fundamental tactical operations are routing shipments along its rails and scheduling trains necessary to service the routes. The computer-aided routing and scheduling system (CARS) bridges the gap between these day-to-day operations and strategic planning. By investigating low-cost routes and schedules in a controlled environment under various cost scenarios, CSX Transportation's strategic planners can better account for these tactical operations in their long-range policies.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a microcomputerized simulation game designed as an analysis, experimentation and training tool in the field of intercity passenger-transportation planning and management. The simulation deals with different transportation modes and companies in a competitive environment, whether it be regulated or not. The background, philosophy and objectives of the game are discussed in relation to the intrinsic complexity of decision-making and the state of development of modelling in transportation.\n      </p>", "The objective of this study was to develop a method of predicting pipe friction head loss, which is a key factor in pipeline transportation of high-concentration sludge, thereby optimizing design for pipeline systems. The study involved both experimentation and analysis of pipeline transportation. Moreover, the study led to the representation of pipe friction head loss as functions of average velocity, transportation distance, pipe diameter, pipe interior roughness, and solids viscosity and temperature.\n      </p>", "This paper re-examines use of the linear programming (LP) formulation to solve the transportation problem (TP). The proposed method is a general-purpose algorithm which uses only one operation, the Gauss Jordan pivoting used in the simplex method. The final tableau can be used for post-optimality analysis of TP. This algorithm appears to be faster than simplex, more general than stepping-stone and simpler than both in solving general TP. A numerical example illustrates the methodology. It is assumed the reader is familiar with simplex terminology.\n      </p>", "The Aumann-Shapley (A-S) prices are axiomatically determined on certain classes of piecewise continuously differentiable cost functions. One of these classes consists of all cost functions derived from the transportation problems and some of their generalizations. These prices are used here to allocate costs among destinations in a way that each destination will pay its \"real part\" in the total transportation costs. An economic transportation model is presented in which the A-S prices are compatible with consumer demands. Finally an algorithm is provided to calculate both the optimal solution and the associated A-S prices for transportation problems.\n      </p>", "These are introductory lectures to the mathematical theory of optimal transportation, and its connections with the economic theory of incentives.\n      </p>", "The stochastic generalized transportation problem (SGTP) is a stochastic program with simple recourse where the master problem is a generalized transportation problem. The graph corresponding to an optimal solution of an SGTP can be characterized as an A-forest: each of its connected subgraphs is either a tree or a one-loop tree. We propose here a finitely convergent method to solve the SGTP. The iteration techniques constitute some modifications of those for the forest iteration method for solving the stochastic transportation problem, which was given in a previous paper. A small numerical example is also presented.\n      </p>", "The movements of grain and fertilizer for Logan County, Illinois, were simulated with a linear programming routine. Changes in the marketing and transportation of these products were measured after imposing specified levels of waterway user charges on barge shipments. The levels of user charges were then related to the operation and maintenance costs for waterways. The marketing and transportation of grain and fertilizer for Logan County changed only slightly at charge levels that would recover federal expenditures for operation and maintenance. Higher charges caused substantial switching from truck-barge to rail shipments, and sometimes large changes in the quantity of shipments through specific locations, but only small increases in the total marketing and transportation bill. The investment costs for Lock and Dam 26 at Alton, Illinois, were also related to grain and fertilizer movements on the waterway. Two examples of the distributional impact of waterway user charges are presented. Additional research needs are identified.\n      </p>", "The classical transportation problem is the study of the set of nonnegative matrices with prescribed nonnegative row and column sums. It is aesthetically satisfying and perhaps potentially useful to study more general higher dimensional rectangular arrays whose sums on some subarrays are specified. We show how such problems can be rewritten as problems in homology theory. That translation explains the appearance of bipartite graphs in the study of the classical transportation problem. In our generalization, higher dimensional cell complexes occur. That is why the general problem requires a substantial independent investigation of simplicial geometry, the name given to the class of theorems on the geometry of a cell complex which depend on a particular cellular decomposition. The topological invariants of the complex are means, not ends. Thus simplicial geometry attempts to do for complexes what graph theory does for graphs. The dual title of this paper indicates that we shall spend as much time studying simplicial geometry for its own sake as applying the results to transportation problems. Our results include formulas for inverting the boundary operator of an acyclic cell complex, and some information on the number of such subcomplexes of a given complex.\n      </p>", "Back-haul problems occur in many areas of transportation. One-way rental often takes equipment, such as cases and containers, from an area of high demand to an area of low demand. The problem is to return the equipment to the location of need, a problem typically viewed as an administrative and scheduling problem. We developed a decentralized approach in which a specially designed market organizes competition and information to minimize the cost of back-hauls without the direct intervention of administrative negotiations or command-and-control types of scheduling. We employed laboratory experimental methods to test the concept, examine its performance against theoretical benchmarks, and explore its limitations.\n      </p>", "This article examines ISTEA's impact on intergovernmental relations in transportation policy over the past six years and provides an overview of the political maneuvering that took place during its reauthorization. ISTEA had a significant, decentralizing impact on transportation policy, but its 1997-1998 reauthorization was driven by electoral concerns that transcended congressional views on American federalism. These electoral concerns help to explain why ISTEA's reauthorization process took so long, why the decentralization in transportation policy that took place in 1991 was not broadened by TEA-21, and why it is unlikely that transportation policy will ever be fully devolved to the states and localities.\n      </p>", "Transportation companies that operate in seasonal markets where differences in demand occur in peak and nonpeak periods often negotiate for some form of demand smoothing with the customer-i.e., the shipper. In this paper, we study a shipper's transportation procurement model, in which the shipper gives assurances, through volume guarantees negotiated with the transportation companies, that shipments made in nonpeak periods will be commensurate with shipments in peak periods. The shipper uses the model in an auction process, in which the transportation companies bid for routes giving prices and capacity limits, to procure freight services from the companies, which minimizes its total transportation costs. The model is formulated as an integer programming problem that is shown to be strongly NP-hard even for a single-route network. We develop a solution approach that builds on the solution of the subproblem when only one transportation company is available to construct heuristic algorithms, including a linear programming relaxation-based method. Worst-case analysis is given, and the effectiveness of the algorithms is tested in numerical experimentation. By examining parameter sensitivity, insight is provided on how the algorithms can be used by the shipper for making procurement decisions. The practical usefulness of the model and the solution approaches is substantiated by its deployment with a multinational shipper.\n      </p>", "The empty container allocation problem occurs in the context of the management of the land distribution and transportation operations of international maritime shipping companies. It involves dispatching empty containers of various types in response to requests by export customers and repositioning other containers to storage depots or ports in anticipation of future demands. We describe the problem and identify its basic structure and main characteristics. We then introduce two dynamic deterministic formulations for the single and multicommodity cases, which offer a general modeling framework for this class of problems, and which account for its specific characteristics: the space and time dependency of events, substitutions among container types, relationships with partner companies, imports and exports, massive equilibration flows, etc. Finally, we provide a mathematical formulation for handling, in the single commodity case, the uncertainty of demand and supply data that is characteristic of container allocation and distribution problems. Various modeling choices, data requirements, and algorithmic considerations related to the implementation of the models are also discussed.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates the assignment of tasks in a network of functionally similar computers. We formulate the problem by a periodic review model with Boolean variables. A computationally efficient, integer-generalized transportation model is applicable because of the existence of relative efficiencies of computers for jobs. Since a job is to be processed exclusively by one computer, we show that an optimal solution to this problem is a basic feasible solution to a slightly modified generalized transportation problem. A branch-and-bound solution procedure prevents possible splitting of a job among computers. We provide an algorithm and computational results.\n      </p>", "Looking backward from the city of 1982 to the late 1950's, we are struck by the tremendous progress that has taken place in transportation. The most far-reaching changes have occurred in aviation, but equally important has been the changing urban environment which has provided a setting in which ease of movement has at last become a reality. It is this combination of better transport and urban redevelopment and planning that has made urban life in 1982 so different from the blighted and congested city living in 1957.\n      </p>", "The fixed-charge problem is a non-linear programming problem of practical interest in business and industry. The source-induced fixed-charge transportation problem (SIFCTP) is a variation of the regular fixed-charge transportation problem (FCTP) in which a fixed cost is incurred for every supply point that is used in the solution, along with a variable cost that is proportional to the amount shipped. This problem is significantly different from the widely studied FCTP, where a fixed cost is incurred upon activation of a route. The introduction of the fixed costs in addition to variable costs results in the objective function being a step function. Therefore, fixed-charge problems are usually solved using sophisticated analytical or computer software. This paper deviates from that approach. It presents a computationally simple algorithm for the solution of source-induced fixed-charge problems. The results of empirical tests of the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm are presented.\n      </p>", "Commercially available tracking systems based on advanced communications and computing technology allow a dispatcher of hazardous material transports to monitor the movement of vehicles on a transportation network in real time. When unexpected events occur, a dispatcher working with this new technology can identify the regions surrounding the transportation network that are affected by these events and determine safe and cost-effective routes for the vehicles that plan to drive through those regions. Four decision models for rerouting hazardous material vehicles in real-time have been assessed in an experimental setting. The first model supports a dispatcher in finding alternative routes (visually), while the second model adds to the display, for each vehicle, an alternative route based on a conservative heuristic. The other two models are based on an ordinal preference and a numerical utility structure to support the dispatcher in determining the impact of the events on transportation safety and costs. The models were embedded into four decision support systems that use multimedia technology to simulate the dispatchers workstations. These systems were then used in an experiment at the dispatching school in Wil, Switzerland, with 32 experienced dispatchers and truck drivers to assess efficiency and accuracy of the four models. The results show that assessing risks and costs with the ordinal preference structure, prior to making routing decisions, is significantly more efficient and accurate than searching directly for new routes. Using a numerical scale for safety and cost assessment was disliked by the subjects and led to inferior results.\n      </p>", "We consider a transportation system consisting of a linear network of N + 1 terminals served by S vehicles of fixed capacity. Customers arrive stochastically at terminal i, 1 \u2266 i \u2266 N, seeking transportation to some terminal j, 0 \u2266 j \u2266 i \u2212 1, and are served as empty units of vehicle capacity become available at i. The vehicle fleet is partitioned into N service groups, with vehicles in the ith group stopping at terminals i, i \u2212 1, \u2026, 0. Travel times between terminals and idle times at terminals are stochastic and are independent of the customer arrival processes. Functional central limit theorems are proved for random functions induced by processes of interest, including customer queue size processes. The results are of most interest in cases where the system is unstable. This occurs whenever, at some terminal, the rate of customer arrivals is at least as great as the rate at which vehicle capacity is made available.\n      </p>", "We study the stochastic transportation-inventory network design problem involving one supplier and multiple retailers. Each retailer faces some uncertain demand, and safety stock must be maintained to achieve suitable service levels. However, risk pooling benefits may be achieved by allowing some retailers to serve as distribution centers for other retailers. The problem is to determine which retailers should serve as distribution centers and how to allocate the other retailers to the distribution centers. Shen et al. (2003) formulated this problem as a set-covering integer-programming model. The pricing problem that arises from the column generation algorithm gives rise to a new class of the submodular function minimization problem. In this paper, we show that by exploiting certain special structures, we can solve the general pricing problem in Shen et al. efficiently. Our approach utilizes the fact that the set of all lines in a two-dimension plane has low VC-dimension. We present computational results on several instances of sizes ranging from 40 to 500 retailers. Our solution technique can be applied to a wide range of other concave cost-minimization problems.\n      </p>", "This study examines the role of spatial pricing in the allocation of processing tomatoes from farms to the thirty-two processing facilities located in northern and central California. A simple theoretical model illustrates that the industry's uniform pricing policy encourages market overlap and excessive transportation costs relative to FOB pricing. A nonlinear mathematical programming model is developed to determine the optimal allocation of processing tomatoes. This allocation is then compared to the estimated actual allocation. The analysis reveals foregone profits of only 1.9% from inefficient product allocation. Simulation results reveal significant competition among processors despite their separation in many cases by long distances.\n      </p>", "An algorithm for solving a special capacitated multicommodity p-median transportation problem (CMPMTP), which arises in container terminal management, is presented. There are some algorithms to solve similar kinds of problems. The formulation here is different from the existing modelling of the p-median or some related location problems. We extend the existing work by applying a Lagrangean relaxation to the CMPMTP. In order to obtain a satisfactory solution, a heuristic branch-and-bound algorithm is designed to search for a better solution, if one is possible. A comparison is also made with different algorithms.\n      </p>", "Although the United States and Canada have different views regarding jurisdiction over the waters surrounding arctic islands, both countries nevertheless share many concerns about marine transportation in high latitudes. Among these concerns are environmental protection, safety, impacts of development on northern peoples and third party transit of arctic waters. These common concerns suggest that there is much potential for cooperative activity and problem solving in the Arctic. Specific suggestions are made regarding possibilities for coordination of transit management activities. A range of options is presented for both the jurisdiction and management elements of a transit regime for the Arctic. It is the thesis of this article that, despite jurisdictional disagreements, the U. S. and Canada can develop a transit regime that satisfies the interests and concerns of both. /// Bien que les \u00c9tats-Unis et le Canada entretiennent de diff\u00e9rentes perspectives quant \u00e0 la juridiction sur les eaux entourant les \u00eeles arctiques, ces deux pays s'int\u00e9ressent tout de m\u00eame commun\u00e9ment aux nombreux probl\u00e8mes des transports maritimes dans les latitudes \u00e9lev\u00e9es. Leurs int\u00e9r\u00eats comprennent entre autres la protection de l'environnement, la s\u00e9curit\u00e9, les cons\u00e9quences du d\u00e9veloppement sur les peuples nordiques et les d\u00e9placements par de tierces parties dans les eaux arctiques. L'article pr\u00e9sente des suggestions traitant en particulier des possibilit\u00e9s de coordination des activit\u00e9s de gestion des transits. On explique \u00e9galement un \u00e9ventail d'options que pourraient suivre les \u00e9l\u00e9ments juridictionnel et gestionnaire d'un r\u00e9gime de transit dans l'Arctique. L'article stipule que m\u00eame aux diff\u00e9rences d'opinion juridictionnelle, les \u00c9tats-Unis et le Canada peuvent \u00e9laborer un r\u00e9gime de transit qui pourrait satisfaire les besoins de chacun tout en r\u00e9pondant \u00e0 leurs inqui\u00e9tudes.\n      </p>", "The Pur\u00e9pecha region of Michoac\u00e1n State, in west-central Mexico, has a strong tradition of craft production, especially wooden items. Transportation improvements in the region since the mid-twentieth century have led to a higher level of integration of the regional economy, yet access to the broader Mexican market remains limited. Towns throughout the region have experienced substantial changes in the types of crafts produced, the extent of their local and external markets, and the location of craft production. Transportation improvements have, in part, led to agglomeration economies and a resultant contraction in the number of different types and an increase in the volume of the crafts produced. Market changes have led to the proliferation of craft storefronts in towns with higher levels of accessibility. Conversely, remote towns still rely heavily on distributors and have not been able to expand their markets. As a result, the region has seen the development of a two-tiered system whereby towns with increased accessibility have viable craft industries and towns with limited accessibility struggle with stagnant craft industries.\n      </p>", "Risk-mitigating carrier-selection criteria are identified in order to improve the safety and the quality of modern food supply chains. Our primary objectives are to prompt shippers to consider transportation carrier qualities that will facilitate and secure food safety, identify industry standards that will reduce risk in food supply chains, and enable carriers to differentiate themselves through risk management characteristics. Drawing on US government guidelines, practitioner publications, and academic literature, we offer transportation carrier-selection criteria factors based on best practices in food supply chain management. These risk-mitigating -selection criteria include traceability, transparency, testability, time, trustworthiness, and training. Several food supply chain disasters are identified to demonstrate the critical role that carriers play in minimizing risks and responding to disruptions. Managerial implications and future research opportunities are also identified.\n      </p>", "We first give a characterization of the L1-transportation cost-information inequality on a metric space and next find some appropriate sufficient condition to transportation cost-information inequalities for dependent sequences. Applications to random dynamical systems and diffusions are studied.\n      </p>", "The Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 and The Staggers Rail Act of 1980 permitted railroads to institute flexible rates. The impact of this policy upon the storage and transportation system for U.S. feed grains was analyzed using a time-staged transshipment model. Results of the analysis suggest that regardless of the rate response scenario examined, a flexible rail-rate policy with a change in railroad rates of 5 to 15 percent increased rail revenue, volume and market share, reduced seasonality of rail shipments, and created incentives to store at country locations and ship at a later date. However, total costs of storage and transportation generally increased. Impacts for each transportation region differed somewhat from the national level because of differences in competition among transportation modes.\n      </p>", "Given a set of points, we wish to design a network consisting of a primary link and a set of secondary links connecting the points to the primary link. The objective of the problem is to find the location and length of the primary link in order to minimize the sum of its weighted length and the weighted lengths of all secondary links. We assume that the weight of the secondary link from any point varies depending on the location of that point. In this paper, we describe efficient algorithms and their computer implementation for two scenarios of this problem. In the first scenario, only direct secondary links are allowed from each point to the primary link. In the second scenario, the secondary link from a point is allowed to pass through other points before reaching the primary link.\n      </p>", "The Transportation problem with a linear objective function is known to be solvable in strongly polynomial time, whereas instances with a convex nonquadratic objective function are not, even for cases with the integrality constraints relaxed. We present a linear time algorithm for the Continuous Quadratic Transportation problem (QTP) with two source nodes. Further, we show how problem instances with a fixed number of source (or destination) nodes, k, could be solved in strongly polynomial time, &lt;tex-math&gt;$O(n^{k+1})$&lt;/tex-math&gt;, using an algebraic tree computation model. The algorithms exploit a relationship between the Transportation problem and the Resource Allocation problem. The strong polynomiality of the algorithms presented here imply the existence of strongly polynomial algorithms for Integer Quadratic Transportation problems with a fixed number of source nodes as well.\n      </p>", "Conditional penalties are used to obtain lower bounds to subproblems in a branch-and-bound procedure that can be tighter than the LP relaxation of the subproblems. For the fixed charge transportation problem (FCTP), branch-and-bound algorithms have been implemented using conditional penalties proposed by Driebeek (1966), Cabot and Erenguc (1984), and Palekar et al. (1990). The last conditional penalties are referred to as the \"modified\" penalties. In this paper, we show that the modified penalties are not valid conditional penalties. In fact, in nearly a quarter of the test problems examined, the modified penalties prevented the branch-and-bound algorithm from properly identifying the optimal solution to the FCTP. A simple change, which corrects a subcase in the penalty calculation, restores the validity of the modified penalties while retaining their efficiency. Computational tests indicate that the \"revised-modified\" penalties continue to dominate the Driebeek and the Cabot and Erenguc penalties.\n      </p>", "In the Dial-a-Ride problem (DARP), customers request transportation from an operator. A request consists of a specified pickup location and destination location along with a desired departure or arrival time and capacity demand. The aim of DARP is to minimize transportation cost while satisfying customer service level constraints (Quality of Service). In this paper, we present a genetic algorithm (GA) for solving the DARP. The algorithm is based on the classical cluster-first, route-second approach, where it alternates between assigning customers to vehicles using a GA and solving independent routing problems for the vehicles using a routing heuristic. The algorithm is implemented in Java and tested on publicly available data sets. The new solution method has achieved solutions comparable with the current state-of-the-art methods.\n      </p>", "The tunnel linking England and France is remarkable in its impact. As the global logistics network grows, the tunnel improves travel for people and goods moving between the UK and the continent. Although many speculated about the financial implications of the tunnel, no one had done a serious study regarding the logistics implications of this new rail infrastructure. This study was motivated by the French train company dedicated to freight (Fret SNCF) in their need to explore commercial opportunities through the tunnel. We started by performing a survey (in cooperation with Coopers &amp; Lybrand) with European exporting and transportation companies of expectations and strategic evaluation for the channel tunnel as a logistics alternative. We then develop some analytical models to offer guidelines for defining the range of values that would make one transportation alternative superior. In the study we worked with data provided by Fret SNCF as well as with consultation with many European companies to validate the models and present specific solutions from different areas in the continent to the UK. In particular, we examined nine feasible scenarios for going to London from seven different areas in the European continent.\n      </p>", "We consider the problem of determining optimal purchasing and shipping quantities over a finite planning horizon for arborescent, multi-echelon physical distribution systems with deterministic, time-varying demands. We assume that the inventory holding cost at a given warehouse of the distribution network is a linear function of the inventory level, and that the total procurement cost (i.e., ordering, plus purchasing, plus transportation and reception costs) is a general piecewise-linear function of the quantities shipped to and from the warehouse. We formulate a mixed integer linear programming model of the problem and develop a Lagrangian relaxation-based procedure to solve it. We show computational results for problems with 12 periods, up to 15 warehouses, and 3 transportation price ranges.\n      </p>", "This paper develops an analytic method for minimizing the cost of distributing freight by truck from a supplier to many customers. It derives formulas for transportation and inventory costs, and determines the optimal trade-off between these costs. The paper analyzes and compares two distribution strategies: direct shipping (i.e., shipping separate loads to each customer) and peddling (i.e., dispatching trucks that deliver items to more than one customer per load). The cost trade-off in each strategy depends on shipment size. Our results indicate that, for direct shipping, the optimal shipment size is given by the economic order quantity (EOQ) model, while for peddling, the optimal shipment size is a full truck. The peddling cost trade-off also depends on the number of customers included on a peddling route. This trade-off is evaluated analytically and graphically. The focus of this paper is on an analytic approach to solving distribution problems. Explicit formulas are obtained in terms of a few easily measurable parameters. These formulas require the spatial density of customers, rather than the precise locations of every customer. This approach simplifies distribution problems substantially while providing sufficient accuracy for practical applications. It allows cost trade-offs to be evaluated quickly using a hand calculator, avoiding the need for computer algorithms and mathematical programming techniques. It also facilitates sensitivity analyses that indicate how parameter value changes affect costs and operating strategies.\n      </p>", "This article describes the role of transportation for industrial clusters. It analyzes the interdependence between production systems (transportation demand) and transportation systems, and argues that for some clusters consisting of small and medium-sized enterprises, transportation plays a crucial role in coordinating the activities and capabilities of firms, thus underpinning external economies. Hence, instead of viewing transportation as a generic infrastructure underlying industrial organization within such clusters, we should treat transportation as a specific and collective resource\u2014a capability\u2014constituting an integrated part of competitive advantage for this type of industrial clusters. The paper illustrates its point with an empirical case study of the Danish Sailing furniture cluster.\n      </p>", "In in this paper we establish an explicit and sharp estimate of the spectral gap (Poincar\u00e9 inequality) and the transportation inequality for Gibbs measures, under the Dobrushin uniqueness condition. Moreover, we give a generalization of the Liggett's M - \u03b5 theorem for interacting particle systems.\n      </p>", "Managers can improve their investment decisions in a cyclical market, such as the tanker market, by using system-dynamics models. We developed and implemented a system-dynamics model for the tanker market for Niver Lines. We combine entry, exit, and lay-up decisions, and determine the flow of transportation supply. Then, we compare supply and demand and calibrate the system. We derived time-charter rates from the interaction of supply and demand using historical data from 1980 through 2002. Our results reveal the key factors that affect tanker rates and unforeseen dynamics. The model is a powerful tool for modeling the impact of changes in various factors on time-charter rates.\n      </p>", "Building a strong capacity for strategic management is critical for governmental agencies in this era of results-oriented management, but considerable confusion remains about what strategic management involves and how to go about doing it. This article provides a framework for a holistic approach to strategic management in the public sector and explores innovative approaches along these lines in selected leading edge state transportation departments that are proactive in this area. Several guiding principles are distilled from their collective experience that are generalizable to other kinds of public agencies.\n      </p>", "This paper presents a specialized method for solving transportation problems with several additional linear constraints. The method is basically the primal simplex method, specialized to exploit fully the topological structure embedded in the problem. It couples the poly-\u03c9 technique of Charnes and Cooper with the row-column sum method to yield an 'inverse compactification' that minimizes the basis information to be stored between successive iterations, and in addition minimizes the arithmetic calculations required in pivoting. In particular, the solution procedure only requires the storage of a spanning tree and a (q+1)\u00d7 q matrix (where q is the number of additional constraints) for each basis. The steps of updating costs and finding representations reduce to a sequence of simpler operations that utilize fully the triangularity of the spanning tree. Procedures for obtaining basic primal 'feasible' starts are also presented.\n      </p>", "Deregulation has opened up many opportunities and challenges in the transportation industry - opportunities to increase profits and challenges to keep from being outflanked by competition. A goal of particular interest to the scheduled airlines is to set prices more adaptively and to change them more rapidly. A difficult problem arises when many passengers with different itineraries compete for a limited number of seats on a single-flight segment. The problem is complicated by the existence of different fare classes, many flight segments, and different demands across time. For any given set of prices, flight-segment capacities, and passenger-carrying demand, there is some number of passengers at each fare class on each flight segment that will optimize revenue. Knowledge of such an optimum can be used not only in pricing analysis but also in setting policies to influence the passenger fare-class mix so that the optimum will be more nearly achieved in actual practice. We describe a method for identifying the optimum fare-class mix and the design of a system for that purpose which we built and implemented for Frontier Airlines. The recognition and formulation of the problem has become even more important as the number of aircraft in the sky has been reduced and the competition for a limited number of seats has become more intense.\n      </p>", "This note examines the dependence between freight mode and shipment size when they are chosen simultaneously to minimize transportation and inventory cost. Transportation modes which consolidate freight over many origins and destinations are shown to be least expensive for small supplier production rates (i.e., flows between the supplier and customer); transportation modes which do not consolidate are least expensive for large production rates. Optimal shipment size is a discontinuous function of production rate. Thus, certain shipment sizes are never optimal.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the status of the transportation related problems associated with TANF's success. The paper draws on findings from previous studies on journey to work and welfare to work guidelines and strategies being employed to address the transportation challenges of TANF recipients. Data collected from a survey of 1,688 TANF recipients as part of the Mississippi TANF Implementation Study, the experiences of Washington State's Department of Transportation On-the-Job Training and Supportive Services and information collected on funding commitments to this program nationwide are also presented in a discussion of the link between transportation and jobs. A large majority of TANF recipients are largely young minority females with children who lack timely and dependable transportation from central city and rural areas where 2/3 of them reside to suburban areas that are becoming the primary focal point for the growth in employment nationwide. To adequately address the needs of TANF workers, the study found that both rural and urban area services must address transportation problems associated with trip chaining, temporal mismatch, and information gap issues. The study also found that states have responded with a wide range of creative and innovative programs to address job access and reverse commute needs. In spite of proliferation of new transportation strategies, the most serious problems facing TANF recipients that was identified in this study is finding and maintaining decent paying jobs. The ability to maintain work was also identified as a problem. The study recommends the expansion of nontraditional jobs for females in heavy construction and technology jobs under the DOT OJT Program and expansion of funding to ease barriers in transitioning from welfare to work in heavy construction areas. Other recommendations include an increase in funds for job access and reverse commute programs, building day care facilities near employment locations in the suburbs, and opening up housing and public transportation opportunities for low income families in suburban communities.\n      </p>", "The United States Commercial Aviation Partnership (USCAP), a group of government and industry stakeholders, combined several operations research methods in an analytical process and model that encompasses the US commercial aviation industry, including travelers, airlines, airports, airline and airport suppliers, government agencies, and travel and tourism entities. With input from these stakeholders, the model, combining system dynamics and econometrics, evaluates the effects of proposed security measures over 25 years. It enables all stakeholders to share a common understanding of these effects and helps government decision makers to improve security without undue and unforeseen operational and economic impact. The model uses linear and nonlinear programming, single and multivariate regression, system dynamics, econometrics, and Monte Carlo simulation. Since 2004, the government has considered the model results in determining policies for screening and credentialing airport employees, screening passengers and cargo, determining security staffing levels, and charging security fees. All participating stakeholders reviewed each analysis for acceptability. Based on the model's success, they envision extending its use to include nonsecurity policy issues. September 11, 2001, the day commercial airplanes became weapons of mass destruction, is personal to many of us and has changed our perspectives on our lives and our world. The official death toll in the attacks was 2,986, including the airline passengers and airline crew members, workers and visitors in the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, the police and firefighters, and the 19 hijackers. The US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) halted all flight operations at the nation's airports for the first time in US history and swiftly grounded the approximately 5,000 commercial aircraft that were in flight. Only military aircraft were flying over the US for the rest of that and the next few days. The events of that day left the airline industry and its supporting companies financially devastated.\n      </p>", "Transportation costs still play an important role in the economics of commodity markets. In this paper I present a theoretical framework aimed at describing spatial arbitrage under uncertainty; I analyze the effect of changing transport costs on different, yet related, variables: volume of trade, volatility of prices, and levels of spatial price differentials. As a tribute to Enke and Samuelson the model is referred to as the stochastic Enke-Samuelson model. It provides predictions for variables (such as price volatilities or correlations) which cannot be defined in the deterministic framework of the standard spatial price equilibrium model. The statistical tests display a convergent array of evidence in favor of the model.\n      </p>", "Active and Safe Routes to School (ASRTS) is a national program to increase active travel by children on the home-school journey and thereby to improve health, traffic safety, air quality and community connections. Peterborough's ASRTS Research Project (situated in Ontario, Canada) is an innovative partnership linking a public health department, an environmental non-profit organization and an academic geographer to conduct school-community transportation studies. The research project described here involved transportation studies carried out at ten schools by geography students in co-operation with parents and schools. The results were shared with school councils, school boards, community organizations and municipal transportation planners. The project offered university students an opportunity for community-based research while increasing the capacity of the partner organizations. The school transportation studies provided local data that promoted consideration of child transportation issues in the City's Transportation Master Plan Update (2002). This paper examines the evolution, contributions, and challenges of the ASRTS partnership and how it could expand and attract allies such as urban planners.\n      </p>", "With the enactment of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act in 1991, metropolitan planning organizations (MPOs) became more important institutions for planning and funding regional transportation systems. This study attempts to assess the success of MPOs in four fast-growing areas-Dallas/Ft. Worth, Denver, Phoenix, and Seattle-in meeting regional transportation needs. The research identifies the criteria that distinguish more successful from less successful MPOs-effective leadership, staff competence and credibility, quality public involvement, development of a regional ethos, streamlined and efficient processes, cooperative relationships with the state DOT, land-use coordination, and accountability to members-and offers suggestions for improving transportation planning.\n      </p>", "\"A Space Potential Derived Measure of Transportation Efficiency in Northeast Mexico\": This study proposes a measure of \"transportation efficiency\" utilizing the concept of Space Potential Analysis. The procedure for deriving the measure is demonstrated with data from Northeast Mexico. The assumed purpose of the analysis is to promote regional development by improving transportation efficiency, thereby conserving scarce resources. Relative transportation efficiency is defined as the ability of each municipio to assemble all of the population (sample factor) of Northeast Mexico, given the actual transportation network, compared to the result that would obtain if the network were perfect. Each municipio is categorized according to its transportation efficiency and the status of several municipios is examined to illustrate interpretations of the measure. Recognition of the relative transportation efficiency of municipios might help planners to decide where investments in transportation network improvement would yield the most return in regional development potential.\n      </p>", "Il s'agit ici, apr\u00e8s une pr\u00e9sentation g\u00e9n\u00e9rale de l'activit\u00e9, d'analyser comment le secteur professionnel du transport en commun hors agglom\u00e9ration dans le Nord malgache, \u00e0 la coh\u00e9sion sociale particuli\u00e8rement forte, est structur\u00e9 sur la base de rapports de travail de type paternaliste. On montrera en particulier comment la subordination \u00e0 un \"a\u00een\u00e9\", dans le sens large du terme, repr\u00e9sente une des conditions principales d'acc\u00e8s au travail, de mobilit\u00e9 sociale interne et de maintien dans la fonction, comment elle institue des barri\u00e8res sociales particuli\u00e8rement efficaces \u00e0 l'entr\u00e9e et contribue \u00e0 cloisonner ce march\u00e9 du travail. /// Following an overall description of transportation in public northern Madagascar, an analysis is made of how this branch of the economy, where social cohesion is especially strong, has been built up on paternalistic labor relations. Subordination to an \"elder\", in the broadest sense of the word, is a major condition for acquiring and keeping a job and for internal social mobility. This subordination sets up particularly effective social barriers for entry on this labor market and thus helps keep it closed.\n      </p>", "In order to develop successful marketing and management strategies, service marketers need to understand how consumers evaluate the quality of their services. However, customer evaluations of service quality are an elusive concept to measure with a single method. The existing literature suggests that triangulation, or the use of multiple methodologies and data sources, would produce more valid and reliable data. This study demonstrates how triangulation can actually be used in measuring transportation service quality. Data are collected from the general public as well as from transportation officials through surveys, critical incident techniques, and focus group interviews. The results identify the areas of transportation activities with which the respondents are currently satisfied or dissatisfied, and determine the relative importance and funding priorities of various transportation services. The consistencies as well as the inconsistencies of the results from the two groups of respondents and from two different methodologies are examined and discussed from a managerial point of view.\n      </p>", "Access to transportation is critical for functioning in modern American society, and minorities disproportionately lack access to transportation. Latinos in Georgia\u2014most of whom are newcomers to this country\u2014are considerably less likely than non-Latino whites to drive alone to and from work because they do not live in households with a car available for personal use. We propose that this factor, along with limited access to alternative modes of transportation, impedes the ability of Georgia's newest Latino residents to adjust to their new environment. In this study, we examine the impact of limited transportation options on the adjustment experience of recent Latino migrants to Georgia. We document how lack of personal transportation lends itself to a number of social problems including inability to obtain different work or to take advantage of opportunities for advancement. For Latinos who are both recent migrants to Georgia and recent immigrants to the United States, lack of transportation creates an adjustment \"bottleneck,\" whereby various paths to adaptation are simultaneously impeded. We argue that improving access to driver's licenses, pedestrian infrastructure, and, in some places, public transportation should be a policy priority for states adjusting to recent influxes of Latino migrants.\n      </p>", "We study a transportation system consisting of S vehicles of unit capacity and N passenger terminals. Customers arrive stochastically at terminal i, 1 \u2264 i \u2264 N, seeking transportation to a terminal j, 1 \u2264 j \u2264 N, with probability pij. Customers at each terminal are served as vehicles become available. Each vehicle is dispatched from a terminal when loaded, whereupon it travels to the destination of its passenger, according to a stochastic travel time. It is shown under mild conditions that the system is unstable, due to random fluctuations of independent customer arrival processes. We obtain limit theorems, in certain special cases, for the customer queue size processes. Where a steady-state limit exists, this limit is expressed in terms of the corresponding limit in a related GI/G/S queue. In other cases, functional central limit theorems are obtained for appropriately normalized random functions.\n      </p>", "       setTimeout(function(){\n                    var a=document.createElement(\"script\");\n                    var b=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];\n                    a.src=document.location.protocol+\"//dnn506yrbagrg.cloudfront.net/pages/scripts/0010/4927.js\";\n                    a.async=true;a.type=\"text/javascript\";b.parentNode.insertBefore(a,b)\n                }, 1);\n            </script><script type=\"text/javascript\">\n                \n                  var _gaq = _gaq || [];\n                  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-20266811-1']);\n                  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);\n                \n                  (function() {\n                    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;\n                    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';\n                    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);\n                  })();\n\n            </script><div id=\"SCData\" data-pagename=\"front door\" class=\"hide\"/><script src=\"/discover/application/resources/js/jstor-site-catalyst-tracking.js\" type=\"text/javascript\"> </script></body></html", "       setTimeout(function(){\n                    var a=document.createElement(\"script\");\n                    var b=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];\n                    a.src=document.location.protocol+\"//dnn506yrbagrg.cloudfront.net/pages/scripts/0010/4927.js\";\n                    a.async=true;a.type=\"text/javascript\";b.parentNode.insertBefore(a,b)\n                }, 1);\n            </script><script type=\"text/javascript\">\n                \n                  var _gaq = _gaq || [];\n                  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-20266811-1']);\n                  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);\n                \n                  (function() {\n                    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;\n                    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';\n                    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);\n                  })();\n\n            </script><div id=\"SCData\" data-pagename=\"front door\" class=\"hide\"/><script src=\"/discover/application/resources/js/jstor-site-catalyst-tracking.js\" type=\"text/javascript\"> </script></body></html"], "words": {"considered,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consider": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "remarkable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lack": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "results": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "facilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "farms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decisions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "looking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deterministic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opportunities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "presents": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "to": {"number": 34, "prob": 0.00028156300593352627}, "stochastic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "include": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequencies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "islands,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "properties,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "companies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "solution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "deals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "p": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "safe,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurrence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ten": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dealing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "penalties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "direct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surrounding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "design": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "functioning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linear": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "even": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sum": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cell": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establishes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supplier": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "firms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "method": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "movement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simultaneously": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "envelopment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commercial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "jointly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "let": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "represented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "path": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strong": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extreme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cyclical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thirty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "economics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reports": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amount": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "products": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "transportation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tunnel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "total": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "unit": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experimentation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "use": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "from": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "links": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumption": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "france": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distributing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vehicle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "successful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "validity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "known": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "customer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "market,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "society,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 24, "prob": 0.00019875035712954797}, "era": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specialized": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "impacts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "give": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "process": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "share": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sample": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "climates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scheduling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sharp": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "discussion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "six": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "criterion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "widespread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "movements": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specifications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "waters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "derived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "barriers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "such": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "data": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "a": {"number": 61, "prob": 0.0005051571577042677}, "commodity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explicit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "permafrost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "truck": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allow": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "spectral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "making,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "still": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "monitor": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chosen": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "solving": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "production": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clusters": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "secondary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "views": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "material": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "school": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "framework": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "microeconomic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "linking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transparent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develops": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "easily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "finite": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "l": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mode": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constraints": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "status": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "england": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "related": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenges": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "operation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "special": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "canada": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "container": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "network": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "space": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "re": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "incentives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "terminals": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regulatory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pur": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "training": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "latitudes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "computers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "programming": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "nonnegative": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "american": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "routes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promotion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "first": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "industrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "instances": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "size": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "city": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "given": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "management": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "service": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "leading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "least": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "points,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "group,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tool": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coefficients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "observed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "jobs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "target": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nevertheless": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "providing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "and": {"number": 33, "prob": 0.0002732817410531285}, "partnership": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "locations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "any": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "convenient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purchasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "note": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "high": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generalized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "finding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shipments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lectures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "play": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "regular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "services": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "model": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "behavior,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intermodal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pipe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "points": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "not,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "walking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minimizing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "freight": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "find": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "completion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "access": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "northeast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "northern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analytic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generally,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carolina": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contracts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "routine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "maritime": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "criticized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interregional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aumann": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "supplies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "elasticities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regarding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consisting": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "control,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "x": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fixed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "where": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "terrain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "up": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connections": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "are": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "transportation": {"number": 44, "prob": 0.0003643756547375046}, "subject": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capacity": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "reform": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "approach": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "available": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "we": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agencies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "efficiency": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "here": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "distribution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "improve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "c": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "county,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "annual": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "minorities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "participating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "s": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "grain": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "context": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "estimation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "active": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disproportionately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "three": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "describes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "empty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arborescent,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "protect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gap": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inconsistencies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determination": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demand": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "prices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aviation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 13, "prob": 0.00010765644344517182}, "present": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "multi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hitchcock": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reliable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "n": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "many": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "deregulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introductory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procedure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "examines": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "mexico": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 21, "prob": 0.00017390656248835446}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surface": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "il": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 42, "prob": 0.0003478131249767089}, "subproblems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "technology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "if": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "different": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "develop": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "perhaps": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inventory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "several": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "development": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "independent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "auctions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assignment": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "arctic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "negotiate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "allocation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "uses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "revitalization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prescribed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lower": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tracking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "minimize": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "procurement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "costs": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "solve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "components": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 91, "prob": 0.0007535951041162027}, "settimeout": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "parametric": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seasonal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tasks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functionally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heuristic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "governmental": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "potential": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "extends": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capacitated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "has": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "solvable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "real": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "customers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "loss,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advances": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "game": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "railroad": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "advanced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simple,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "often": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "classical": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "understand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "back": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "illinois,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "pricing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transport": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 23, "prob": 0.00019046909224915013}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "connecting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "select": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marketing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predicting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "marketers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "on": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "about": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "carried": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "column": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 74, "prob": 0.0006128136011494396}, "industry": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dependence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "shipping": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "simulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carrier": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "act": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "introduced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "managers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "obtaining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pair": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "additional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "initial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "smoothing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyze": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "was": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategies,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "head": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "form": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "programmed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hazardous": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "construction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "link": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "services,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crane": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 14, "prob": 0.00011593770832556965}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "places": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bounds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problem": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "similar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "called": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strongly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "passenger": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "associated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "computing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "problem,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "periods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formulation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "functions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bicycling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whereas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "branch": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "durations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "chance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "peak": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fertilizer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equitable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opened": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "building": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "land": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "algorithm": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "environment,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper,": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "vehicles": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "safe": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "time": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "international": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "backward": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "having": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}