{"total_words": 1428, "documents": ["Despite the centrality of the issue of labour market flexibility, attempts to consistently measure levels of flexibility, either within or across countries, have been remarkably scarce. This paper makes a significant contribution towards filling this gap by presenting a set of labour market flexibility indicators for the UK. Derived from survey-data sources, the indexes relate directly to theoretical considerations on the issue of flexibility and cover a 20-year period (1979-1998) at sub-national detail (Standard Statistical Regions). Examination of their temporal evolution and regional variation reveals a number of interesting findings, most notably that increases in flexibility have not been uniform across space and that persistent regional differences exist in functional specialisations in flexibility with the most significant pattern of regional differentiation being not in the levels of (overall) flexibility but in the types of flexible arrangements that prevail in each region.\n      </p>", "Daily precipitation in the UK has changed over the period 1961-2000, becoming on average more intense in winter and less intense in summer. Recent increases in total winter precipitation are shown to be mainly due to an increase in the amount of precipitation on wet days, with a smaller contribution in the western UK from a trend towards more wet days. If the wet-day amounts are modelled using a gamma distribution, then positive trends in its scale parameter are found across almost all of the UK, consistent with an increased frequency of heavy winter precipitation. Non-parametric analyses confirm an increase in the contribution of heavy events to winter precipitation totals. Analysis of multi-day sequences of heavy rainfall indicate a corresponding increase in their frequency. Results for summer show almost opposite trends: decreased precipitation totals (driven more equally by fewer wet days and reduced wet-day amounts), decreases in gamma scale parameter (although accompanied by a trend towards a less positively skewed distribution) and decreases in the occurrence of heavy precipitation (whether defined parametrically or non-parametrically). A more sparse network of weather stations with data back to 1901 suggests that the recent winter changes are unusual, while the recent summer changes are not, though the poorer coverage reduces the confidence in these longer-period results.\n      </p>", "National censuses are expensive. They are conducted infrequently. They collect information that some feel infringes their human rights, and people are required by law to complete them. The outputs are not perfect, and in some situations may be misleading. Some suggest that censuses hark back to a period when regularly collected administrative data were not available. These are some of the views held about national censuses. Why, then, would others argue that they are an essential resource? In this paper, we consider some of the pros and cons of conducting national censuses, before introducing a series of papers that draw on early data available from the 2001 UK census. We argue that these papers, and the wealth of research that will be conducted in the future with 2001 census data, make a strong case for supporting the compulsory collection of personal information about the 'entire' population every ten years.\n      </p>", "Climate change has emerged over the last 25 years not just as a physical reality, affecting global and regional climates, but also as a socio-cultural phenomenon - an icon of a globalizing world which is increasingly altering the physical fabric of our planet and at the same time demanding new forms of global governance. The UK, both through its scientific research activity and through its development of climate change policy initiatives, has been at the forefront of this emergence. This review traces some of this history from a UK perspective, with an emphasis on the last 10 years. The relationship between climate change science and policy has become increasingly reflexive, leading to new forms of research and institutional structures. The academic discipline of geography has been rather marginalized from this process.\n      </p>", "Land use changes can result in emissions and removals from the atmosphere of the most important greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide (CO2), thus influencing potential climatic change. In this study, annual agricultural census data is used to estimate the net flux from land use change on UK agricultural land, which comprises over three quarters of the UK land area. The assessment includes a new estimate of changes in carbon storage on arable land due to improvements in yield and changes in area devoted to different crops. The study complements recent assessments of CO2 flux in the forestry sector, and provides an alternative to a previous assessment of CO2 flux in the agricultural sector based on periodic land cover surveys. In this study the authors estimate changes in CO2 emissions and storage from above-ground biomass on agricultural land for the period 1970-1992. Annual CO2-C flux on agricultural land is estimated as 200 to 417 kC per year in the period 1970-1988 and 339 to 371 kC per year during 1988-1992. These results are consistent with the estimated range for 1990 published in the UK national communication to the Framework Convention on Climate Change, but may provide a preferable point estimate for the agricultural sector. The intervals used in this study were selected in order to identify flux changes resulting from important new UK land use policy: the introduction in 1988 of incentives to take arable land out of production, known as set-aside. To date, the set-aside programme has resulted in very little carbon sequestration. However such a policy could result in much greater carbon sequestration in future, as the rotation requirement for such land use has been waived from 1996 onwards.\n      </p>", "The transport sector is consistently responsible for around 30 per cent of carbon dioxide emissions in developed countries and is one of few sectors where emissions continue to increase as a result of apparently insatiable demand for road and air travel. This paper examines how the formulation of transport policy fits into the exposition of UK climate policy, focusing on three principal areas of tension: policy priority (congestion and carbon reduction); strategies to reduce emissions (technological and behavioural solutions) and timescale (short-and long-term vision). We suggest that in overcoming such tensions government ministers will need to devolve significant policy formulation and implementation powers to an appropriate scale of governance - in this case the city-region - to fashion a 'convergence space' capable of promoting meaningful action with regard to transport's climate impact\n      </p>", "The loss of manufacturing employment to lower cost economies has meant that countries like the UK have sought to promote innovation in areas such as biotechnology. The emergence of the 'bioeconomy', however, has been highly uneven, with concentrations of activity in certain countries and particular regions in those countries. In the UK, for example, there are four major concentrations of the bioeconomy. Each of these concentrations exhibit distinct patterns of knowledge and spatial inputs into the innovation process, meaning that it is important to consider the knowledge-space dynamic in and of each region.\n      </p>", "1989 marked the twenty-fifth anniversary of UK offshore oil and gas activities. Over this time the industry has spent \u00a314 billion, at current money values, on exploration and it has invested a further \u00a350 billion on development. Government revenues have benefitted by \u00a365 billion. By the end of 1988, 36 oil and 26 gas fields had been developed with a cumulative production of 9 billion barrels of oil and 23.5 trillion cubic feet of gas. Projections of future developments made by UKOOA (UK Offshore Operators' Association) suggest that over the next 25 years the industry is likely to drill in excess of 2000 exploration and appraisal wells and to develop between 100 and 300 new fields. It is estimated that from a combination of known reserves, known but not yet developed discoveries, and as yet undiscovered fields, the UK offshore industry will still be producing over one million barrels of oil and over 6000 million cubic feet of gas per day in the year 2014.\n      </p>", "1. The introduction of non-native species continues to cause ecological concern globally, but there have been no published reviews of their effects in the UK. Impacts in the UK are therefore reviewed, along with current legislation and guidelines relating to the introduction and control of such species. 2. A large number of non-native species have been introduced to the UK, both deliberately and accidentally, but only a small number have established and caused detrimental ecological impacts. However, general declines in UK biodiversity, and the potential effects of future climate change, may increase the susceptibility of ecosystems to invasions. 3. Detrimental impacts of non-native species on native biota have occurred through competition, predation, herbivory, habitat alteration, disease and genetic effects (i.e. hybridization). There are potential effects on genetic biodiversity as well as species biodiversity. 4. Several high profile examples highlight the technical difficulties, and financial implications, of removing an introduced species once it is established. Few UK control or eradication programmes have been successful. 5. Control might be more feasible if `problem' species could be identified at an earlier stage of establishment. However, the poor success of attempts to characterize invasive species and predict which will have negative impacts highlight the individual and unpredictable nature of invasions. The difficulties of making general predictions suggest that every proposed species introduction should be subject to rigorous ecological characterization and risk assessment prior to introduction. 6. The plethora of UK legislation and guidelines developed to reduce impacts of non-native species only go part of the way towards ameliorating impact. Many species already established in the wild might cause future problems. Illegal releases and escapes of non-native species may augment feral populations or establish new colonies. While regulation of imports and releases is important, further enforcement of existing legislation and action against unlicensed releases is necessary.\n      </p>", "A number of recent and proposed stadium developments in the UK have filled a perceived 'national' need. Subsidies for such developments have been obtained from public sources, although in most cases the facilities are privately owned. This paper examines the debate over stadium subsidy extant in North America, and considers whether the American experience can illuminate the issue of subsidy and public good in the UK.\n      </p>", "The effectiveness of institutional arrangements and policies for governance has become a key question within the sustainability paradigm. The term 'Coastal Partnerships' describes a variety of arrangements in the UK that bring together interested stakeholders to advocate sustainable management of the coast, based on the principles of integrated coastal management (ICM). This paper considers the unique role, achievements and challenges facing local Coastal Partnerships in the UK. The paper examines empirical evidence of how Coastal Partnerships are contributing to sustainable coastal management. The first section considers their shortfalls, the second section their achievements, and the final section discusses their potential role in the context of the evolving policy framework. The policy drivers include European Directives, the reform of the Terrestrial Planning System, and proposals for Marine Spatial Planning through a UK Marine Bill. The authors present a blueprint for the future of Coastal Partnerships, based on this policy analysis. The findings contribute to the ongoing debate in geographical literature on how the scale and structure of governance can be best organised to deliver local sustainability.\n      </p>", "A small, non-biomineralized, macrophagous arthropod with chelicerate affinities, Offacolus kingi gen. et sp. nov., from the Silurian (Wenlock Series) of Herefordshire, UK, is described. The dorsal exoskeleton comprises an arch-like cephalic shield, a thorax of three free tergites and a triangular posterior tagma of five fused tergites, the last with a stout postero-dorsally directed medial spine. Seven pairs of appendages beneath the cephalic shield surround a postero-medially sited oral cavity on the ventral surface of the head. Appendages I and, probably, II are uniramous and project antero-ventrally; I was sensory and II sensory and/or ambulatory. Appendages III-VI are biramous, each with an antero-ventrally projecting ramus and a robust, highly geniculate, horizontally oriented ramus that projects through an anterior gape. The former rami were ambulatory and the latter have spinose terminal podomeres and functioned as a unit for trapping food and transferring it towards the oral cavity. Appendage VII, which is probably uniramous, is posteroventrally directed and flap like. Each tergite of the thorax and posterior tagma covers at least a pair (probably two pairs) of probably biramous appendages with each ramus flap like and setose.\n      </p>", "The Young Men's Project has been working with young men and young fathers as part of Great Yarmouth Primary Care Trust in the UK since June 2001. The Project works in schools and other educational environments to promote positive personal development, particularly around sex and relationships, and to increase accessibility of sexual health and contraceptive services, and support for young fathers. Young men generally want to look after themselves and to act responsibly in sexual relationships. Knowledge through education and appreciation of how to understand and express themselves as men are crucial. If they are likely to engage in penetrative sex, then being able to access condoms and use them correctly for every sexual encounter is next. Culturally, we set low expectations of young men when it comes to sexual health and taking responsibility. The same is true of our expectations of young fathers. This is not due to their lack of desire to be involved. Our work challenges the much repeated notion that young men are a hard-to-reach group, which throws the responsibility onto them. I believe we should recognise that we, and the services we provide, have been failing to meet their needs. /// Le \"Young Men's Project\" travaille avec des adolescents et des jeunes p\u00e8res dans le cadre du Primary Care Trust de Great Yarmouth au Royaume-Uni depuis juin 2001. Le projet, men\u00e9, dans des \u00e9coles et d'autres environnements \u00e9ducatifs, souhaite promouvoir un d\u00e9veloppement personnel positif, particuli\u00e8rement autour de la sexualit\u00e9 et des relations, \u00e9largir l'acc\u00e8s aux services de sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique et de contraception, et \u00e9pauler les jeunes p\u00e8res. Les jeunes hommes veulent g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement se prendre en charge et agir de mani\u00e8re responsable dans les relations sexuelles. Il est fondamental d'obtenir des connaissances par l'\u00e9ducation et de savoir comment se comprendre et s'exprimer en tant qu'hommes. S'ils pensent avoir des relations sexuelles avec p\u00e9n\u00e9tration, la prochaine \u00e9tape est d'avoir acc\u00e8s \u00e0 des pr\u00e9servatifs et de savoir les utiliser correctement lors de chaque rapport. Culturellement, nos attentes \u00e0 l'\u00e9gard des jeunes hommes en mati\u00e8re de sant\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9sique et de prise de responsabilit\u00e9s sont faibles. Il en va de m\u00eame avec les jeunes p\u00e8res. Cela n'est pas d\u00fb \u00e0 leur manque de d\u00e9sir de participer. Notre travail remet en question l'id\u00e9e tr\u00e8s r\u00e9pandue selon laquelle les jeunes hommes sont un groupe difficile \u00e0 atteindre et les en rend responsables. Je pense que nous devons reconna\u00eetre que nous-m\u00eames et les services que nous proposons ne sont pas parvenus \u00e0 r\u00e9pondre \u00e0 leurs besoins. /// El proyecto Hombres J\u00f3venes ha estado trabajando con hombres y padres j\u00f3venes como parte de la Fundaci\u00f3n de Atenci\u00f3n de Primer Nivel de Great Yarmouth en el Reino Unido, desde junio de 2001. El Proyecto trabaja en escuelas y en otros \u00e1mbitos educativos para promover desarrollo personal positivo, particularmente en torno al sexo y las relaciones, as\u00ed como para mejorar el acceso a los servicios de salud sexual y de anticoncepci\u00f3n, y el apoyo para los padres j\u00f3venes. Los hombres j\u00f3venes, en general, desean cuidarse y actuar responsablemente en las relaciones sexuales. Es fundamental que, por medio de la educaci\u00f3n, adquieran conocimiento y noci\u00f3n de c\u00f3mo entenderse y expresarse como hombres. Si es probable que participen en sexo con penetraci\u00f3n, entonces es esencial que cuenten con la capacidad de acceder al cond\u00f3n y usarlo correctamente en cada encuentro sexual. Culturalmente, establecemos bajas expectativas de los hombres j\u00f3venes en cuanto a la salud sexual y el asumir responsabilidad. Lo mismo se puede decir de nuestras expectativas de los padres j\u00f3venes. Esto no se debe a su falta de deseo de participar. Nuestro trabajo cuestiona la arraigada noci\u00f3n de que los hombres j\u00f3venes son un grupo dif\u00edcil de alcanzar, la cual hace recaer la responsabilidad sobre ellos. Creo que debemos reconocer que nosotros, y los servicios que proporcionamos, no han estado cubriendo sus necesidades.\n      </p>", "Ponds are common landscape features but have been poorly studied compared to other freshwater habitats in the UK, despite their high frequency of occurrence. In the last century, many ponds have been lost and those that remain face increasing pressure due to agricultural land drainage, pollution and urban development. However, ponds provide important habitats for diverse floral and faunal communities, including a number of rare taxa of conservation interest. This paper examines the biodiversity and wider environmental value of ponds, with particular reference to the aquatic invertebrate and amphibian communities they support, and the adverse impact of anthropogenic activity on their aquatic habitats.\n      </p>", "This paper scrutinises organisational change in Japanese and UK universities which are engaged in entrepreneurial activities. The study focuses on recent changes in governance, management, leadership, and funding in these universities. The paper argues there are convergent trends between Japanese and UK universities in terms of increasing entrepreneurial activities, a review of institutional strategies, a review of the organisation, the application of market-oriented institutional policy, links with the industrial sector, the notion of a public financial crisis and changing external environment, strong leadership of the university President or Vice-Chancellor, and the notion of the accountability of the university to society as a whole. However, the application of particular institutional strategies, entrepreneurial culture, and the way in which an institution relates itself to the private sector significantly differs among institutions. The paper suggests that those differences are related to different institutional history and characteristics - including those between national and private universities in Japan, and old and new universities in the UK - as well as different government policies between Japan and the UK. The paper first proposes a theoretical model for the five types of entrepreneurial culture of the institutions. It then examines the model by using case studies: Nottingham Trent University (UK), University of Surrey (UK), University of Tokyo (Japan), and Waseda University (Japan).\n      </p>", "Insurance against natural perils such as flooding can be regarded as a significant element within coastal zone management. Not only does it offer much-needed support to accelerate economic and social recovery following a disaster (coastal resilience), but it can also contribute to impact limitation by using pricing or restrictions on availability of cover to discourage new development in hazard-prone areas. Although the basic principles are well-established and general, the practice of natural hazard insurance differs significantly between those countries (such as the UK) where the insurance market is commercial, and those (such as the USA) where government plays a major role in the provision of insurance. By exploring the nature of risk, it is possible to understand how these two models meet the needs of society in different ways. Underlying the role of insurance is the probabilistic nature of the risk prediction, and this changes as flood data become more precise. It is argued that care will be needed to evolve the structure of the commercial insurance market, and perhaps its relationship with government and planners, if provision is to remain robust and socially-beneficial when the uncertainty in the prediction is reduced. At the same time, as insurers come to appreciate the key role that they play in buffering society against periodic catastrophic environmental impacts, they are increasingly mounting a global lobby to encourage positive action to constrain global climatic change.\n      </p>", "The retreat of Philips in the UK is partly an illustration of a general phenomenon of deindustrialisation. It is also a matter of cutting off unrelated activities affected by a European-wide process of functional centralisation and specialisation. A further reduction of plants has been mentioned. Philips maintains an interest in electronic component manufacturing in Europe.\n      </p>", "The dynamic processes of geology, geomorphology and meteorology are the 'natural perils' of the insurer. Such perils continue to do damage and generate high insurance costs. As a result insurers are taking steps to limit their future losses. Three strands of geographical research are relevant here: (i) research into the dynamic events; (ii) analysis of the business management systems used by insurers to cope with natural peril events; and (iii) the perceptions held by insurers of these perils. A better understanding of the dynamic processes can reduce the insurance problems that arise out of responding to perceptions rather than to reality. The physical geographer has a distinct (consultancy or educational) role in providing such an understanding.\n      </p>", "In the context of challenging targets for renewable energy generation, this paper draws out social implications of moves towards low carbon energy systems. As renewable energy develops as a heterogeneous category, many potential forms of social relation between ' publics' and technologies are emerging. Utilising perspectives from science and technology studies, we outline five modes in which renewable energy has been implemented in the UK and how these involve different configurations of technology and social organisation. We argue that a multiplicity of roles for ' the public' are implicated across this increasingly complex landscape, cutting across established categories and raising questions of meaning, differentiation, interrelation and access. Policy assumptions and conceptions are questioned, highlighting that dominant characterisations of public roles have been part of a concentration on particular socio-technical pathways to the exclusion of others.\n      </p>", "The control exercised by synoptic airflows on hourly ground level concentrations of ozone at 11 widely distributed monitoring sites in the UK during the period 1986/7-1990 is investigated. Regional airflows are categorized using the seven primary Weather Types of the Lamb (1972) Catalogue. Because of the complexity of troposheric ozone production, transport and decay, relationships vary between sites and the Lamb Weather Types (LWTs). Results confirm the dominant role of stable anticyclonic and easterly airflows at all sites in producing peak ozone episodes via photochemical action. More unstable systems such as the vigorous Westerlies and cyclonic depressions are important in elevating mean ozone concentrations at remote sites through turbulent down-mixing. The study also contrasts the different ozone destruction mechanisms at urban and rural sites. The distribution of hourly ozone values associated with anticyclonic and cyclonic airflows at selected sites shows distinctive ozone signatures. Prospects for modelling the relationship between hourly ground-level ozone concentrations and daily weather are suggested.\n      </p>", "This paper compares the development of genetic testing for breast cancer (BRCA testing) in the USA and the UK. It argues that national political cultures played an important role in how these genetic testing technologies were shaped, and that the shapes of these technologies had important implications for the users of these systems. In order to demonstrate the roles of national social and political elements in the development of new genetic testing technologies, I introduce the concept of a technology's architecture, which is made up of components and the specific ways in which these components are assembled to fulfill particular functions. In the USA, four very different BRCA testing systems initially emerged. However, one biotechnology company, Myriad Genetics, eventually used its legal and economic position to become the sole provider of testing. It offered BRCA testing the way many other laboratory tests were provided in the USA, available to anyone through any physician. The shape of this testing service had important implications for its participants, defining the client as a consumer who could demand access to any of Myriad's laboratory services, but could not choose among testing systems. In the UK, the government-run National Health Service provided testing through regional genetics clinics, using family history information to assess risks and triage care. Clients in the UK were defined as citizens and patients, who had the right to equal access to the testing system but could not demand any specific services.\n      </p>", "Coastal scenery evaluated by utilization of selected landscape components was subjected to a fuzzy logic systems approach. Twenty-six top-rated parameters were identified from a literature search/questionnaire surveys carried out in Malta, Turkey and the UK and coastal scenery investigated at 57 sites. A coastal scenic evaluation checklist system was finalized and consisted of assessment parameters based on a five-point scale ranging from low to high attribute values. Coastal user parameter preferences and priorities for these parameters were obtained by a questionnaire perception study (n=270) given to both locals and visitors. Assessment parameter weights were calculated from this public perception survey via matrices relating to the selected landscape components. For each of the 26 parameters, a membership-graded matrix was established to counteract potential errors in assigning grades to the parameters when one has to give a unique number to the attribute value. To overcome subjectivity and quantify uncertainty, fuzzy logic mathematical methodology was adopted to this checklist approach. This enabled an Evaluation Index (D) value to be calculated, establishing a 5-class evaluation system. Class 1 scenery (extremely attractive natural site) had D values &gt; 0.85; Class 2, between 0.85 and 0.65; Class 3, between 0.65 and 0.4; Class 4, between 0.4 and zero; Class 5 (very unattractive, intensively developed urban) below zero.\n      </p>", "The crisis in UK mathematics education, both in schools and universities, has been widely reported in the national media. A recent study shows that 26% of full-time mathematics teachers in UK schools have no qualification in the subject, and that 31% of all UK schools' mathematics teachers are now over the age of 50. The crisis in school mathematics has impacted on much of the university sector, with some departments under threat of closure and widespread difficulties experienced in student recruitment. The availability of attractive careers for mathematics graduates impacts upon the numbers choosing to enter teaching, thus risking a spiral of decline. Furthermore, studies suggest that UK mathematics graduates often lack confidence in several key skills essential for teaching, such as presenting information effectively, working in teams, and written communication. This paper recounts the development of a unit of study in the Faculty of Mathematical Studies at the University of Southampton, England, in conjunction with a new initiative, the Undergraduate Ambassadors Scheme, which seek to address the crisis in UK mathematics education through the training and placement of final year undergraduates as teaching assistants in local schools. This with a view to promoting mathematics to the broadest possible constituency as a university choice, whilst simultaneously developing those key transferable skills in which undergraduates regularly feel least confident, and allowing undergraduates to experience a flavour of teaching as a career option.\n      </p>", "United Kingdom membership of the European Communities can bring substantial benefits to the users of official statistics. The Government Statistical Service is already well involved in statistical work organized by the Communities. The broad development of this work is similar to that of UK official statistics hitherto but there will be changes of detail in UK official statistics. The Government Statistical Service is determined to press for close links between the users of statistics and the producers of statistics, in the Communities as well as domestically.\n      </p>", "A Register of HIV-infected persons who have had a negative antibody test within 3 years of their first antibody positive test (seroconverters) is being set up in the UK to monitor the distribution of times from HIV seroconversion to AIDS (the incubation period) and to death. It will also provide a national resource for use by those designing studies in this group of individuals. Clinicians caring for HIV-positive persons in Genito-Urinary Medicine, Infectious Disease and other departments throughout the UK were asked to participate by providing information on eligible subjects. Most laboratories undertaking HIV antibody testing were also contacted and asked to provide the name of the attending clinician for all seroconverters identified through the HIV laboratory reporting systems of the PHLS Communicable Disease Surveillance Centre (CDSC) and the Scottish Centre for Infection and Environmental Health (SCIEH) and for any other seroconverters known to them but not identified by CDSC or SCIEH. Data items sought for the Register include: sex, ethnic group, probable route of HIV transmission, annual CD4 counts, details of therapy and prophylaxis prescribed, AIDS-defining events and vital status. Follow up information is collected annually. Wherever possible, all seroconverters known to a clinic have been identified, whether currently alive or dead, either from clinic records or laboratory reporting or both. The objective is to establish and update a complete register of seroconverters on a long-term basis to provide reliable estimates of the incubation period on which future projections of AIDS cases in the UK can be made.\n      </p>", "Objective The purpose of this study was to further evaluate the role of low activity MTHFR variants as well as to explore interactive effects between alcoholic drink consumption and MTHFR variants and risk of distal colorectal adenomatous polyps. Methods We examined the relationship between MTHFR C677T and A1298C gene polymorphisms and risk of distal adenomas in one of the largest case control studies of 946 polyp-free controls and 894 cases, all participants of the UK Flexible Sigmoidoscopy Screening Trial (UKFSS). Results Investigation of the effect of the MTHFR C677T polymorphism in this large UKFSS study revealed no overall association on adenoma risk (P&gt;0.05). However the MTHFR 1298C allele was linked, for the first time, to high risk adenomas, although in males only (odds ratio (OR) for A/C+C/C compared with A/A 1.55; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.08-2.22; P=0.018). Conclusions In this, the largest study of these polymorphisms in relation to colorectal adenoma, there was no evidence for an interaction with alcohol in combination with the variant forms of MTHFR (P&gt;0.05).\n      </p>", "This paper analyses the interrelation between the transport system and measures of resource consumption such as material and energy consumption over a 60-year period (1937-1997) in the UK. Non-motorized transport and time consumption for mobility are estimated in addition to conventional measures of transport. During the period analyzed, the UK population grew by 20% while transport of goods and persons increased more than threefold and material and energy consumption almost doubled. The transport intensity of domestic material input (DMI) doubled to 300 ton-kilometers (tkm) per ton of DMI while the transport intensity of domestic energy consumption (DEC) doubled to 20 tkm per gigajoule (GJ) of DEC. Thus, while the material and energy intensity of GDP declined significantly, a well-established trend in many advanced countries, the transport intensity of materials and energy consumption rose. These findings suggest a close link between transport, economic development, and long-term structural transformations. In the case of personal transport, a \"rebound effect\" was also observed: whereas the average speed of transport has greatly increased, the average number of hours per day devoted to personal transport has not declined.\n      </p>", "The paper presents an analysis of the returns to a questionnaire survey on the state of department archives within UK departments of geography. The results of the survey are discussed in relation to recent work in geography which has examined the archive as a site for knowledge's making but seldom in its own terms as a resource for the history of geography, and studies within the archival sciences which have considered the archive as something more than a 'storehouse' for collective memory. The paper reveals that the archival record for the history of British geography is at best uneven, and in many departments non-existent, although information on departmental history is held, often as memory, by individual geographers. The paper considers the survey's implications for the future histories of British geography and addresses the nature of the UK geography department archive as resource and responsibility.\n      </p>", "This paper goes some way towards redressing the lack of geographical literature on charity through exploring the geography of the British domestic charitable sector. The size and geography of the third sector is outlined, followed by an analysis of how almshouses can be understood as inherently geographical and deeply embedded in local social networks of inclusion as well as exclusion.\n      </p>", "In recent years, an apparent increase in the frequency and severity of floods in the UK has led to growing concerns about societal exposure and vulnerability to flooding, particularly in the context of climate change, floodplain development and changing insurance practices. Despite the important link between assessments of exposure to flooding (hazard assessments) and issues of societal vulnerability, this link has rarely been explored in detail and has often been reflected in policy terms by a highly technocratic approach to flood risk management. Indeed, more comprehensive studies have usually favoured rigid and deterministic definitions of vulnerability, in keeping with the wider technocratic paradigm pervading management institutions. In an attempt to redress the balance, this paper considers the role of hazard assessment and issues of societal vulnerability as mutually informative debates and advocates a movement away from the technocratic ideals currently favoured in the UK.\n      </p>", "A single geographical base has traditionally been created for each census of population in the United Kingdom, aimed primarily at organizing the enumeration task. The subsequent use of this enumeration geography for diverse purposes has been problematic but unavoidable. This paper examines how new digital spatial data and GIS technology are making possible the creation of separate geographies of the 2001 Census for data collection, validation, output, specification and use. The paper explores the implications of these changes for the development of a national spatial data infrastructure and for geographical research involving the census more generally.\n      </p>", "Islamic banking is a financial phenomenon that has taken many specialists by surprise. In this respect, the uniqueness of Islamic banks comes from their ability to grow fast and extend to non-Muslim financial markets. Therefore, it is crucial to examine the elements that have led to this development, taking into account the differences between the experience of Muslim countries and that of non-Muslim countries, particularly the UK. In addition, it is very important to address how both experiences have interacted with each other.\n      </p>", "Prices received by Irish export factories for beef sold to UK supermarkets are a good deal better than the prices they receive for similar quality beef sold in UK wholesale markets. This article quantifies the total potential gain to be had from switching sales from UK wholesale outlets to UK supermarkets. An estimate is made of the amount of this potential which has already been realised and the amounts which have not yet been realised because of discounting, dispersion of the national kill and because of seasonality.\n      </p>", "The extraction of palynomorphs from sedimentary rocks and unconsolidated sediments has traditionally used hydrochloric acid (HCl) and hydrofluoric acid (HF) to remove the matrix by dissolution. The use of these, and other, acids in palynological preparation requires significant laboratory infrastructure, and may produce hazardous and potentially environmentally damaging waste. An effective technique of palynomorph preparation using sodium hexametaphosphate [(NaPO\u2083)\u2086] was recently developed. This technique was initially demonstrated on a suite of samples of Early Jurassic to Quaternary age. In this study, non-acid preparation techniques were tested on 11 samples of Ordovician, Carboniferous, Jurassic and Paleogene age from the UK. In four of the six case studies described herein, the rock was prepared quantitatively using both the traditional mineral acid technique and the (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 procedure. In the Carboniferous case study, the two samples were prepared quantitatively using HCl/HF, (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 and hydrogen peroxide (H\u2082O\u2082). In the quantitative preparations, the concentrations of palynomorphs can be directly compared. Two non-quantitative case studies were undertaken using (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 only, in order to demonstrate that this method is of practical utility. The (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 and H\u2082O\u2082 methods generally proved to be as effective as the mineral acid procedure. However the results from the three Paleozoic samples proved somewhat variable. The Early Ordovician sample 1 did not break down in (NaPO\u2083)\u2086, and consequently the palynomorph yield from this sample was extremely poor, compared to the acid preparation. Two Lower Carboniferous samples were prepared using all three methods. In sample 2, all the methods were effective, although the H\u2082O\u2082 technique proved less effective than those using mineral acids and (NaPO\u2083)\u2086. In this sample, both the non-acid methods produced palynomorph assemblages cleaner of extraneous woody material than the residue produced by the acid digestion method. By contrast, in Carboniferous sample 3, the acid preparation was far better than those from the two non-acid preparations. It appears that mudrocks which are relatively indurated are not consistently disaggregated using (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 and/or H\u2082O\u2082. It may be possible to adapt these non-acid techniques so that they are more efficient on these relatively hard lithotypes. The samples would need to be softened prior to treatment with (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 and/or H\u2082O\u2082. Even on relatively hard lithotypes, some palynomorphs were extracted using (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 and H\u2082O\u2082. This confirms that non-acid methods can be used on harder rocks if a preliminary age assessment is required and/or the full laboratory facilities are unavailable. The (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 technique proved extremely effective in the two quantitative Jurassic case studies. These were on the Oxford Clay and Kimmeridge Clay formations (Callovian-Oxfordian and Kimmeridgian respectively). In samples 4, 6 and 7, both methods gave similar palynomorph yields. However in sample 5 from the Oxford Clay Formation, the acid preparation proved less palynologically productive than the material prepared using (NaPO\u2083)\u2086. Palynomorph diversity was also higher in Oxford Clay Formation samples 4 and 5, prepared with (NaPO\u2083)\u2086. In samples 6 and 7 from the Kimmeridge Clay Formation, the palynomorph diversity, preservation and yield were closely comparable. However, the HCl/HF preparations proved extremely rich in amorphous organic material as compared to the (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 slides. It therefore appears that (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 is effective at disaggregating amorphorgen in addition to clay minerals. This means that this reagent may be used as an alternative to nitric acid (HNO\u2083) and other strong oxidizing agents for cleaning organic residues of amorphous organic material. More studies should be done using (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 to prove its effectiveness in dispersing amorphogen. The two non-quantitative case studies prepared only using (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 were also successful. Three samples (8-10) of Early, Mid and Late Jurassic age and sample 11 of Paleogene age all produced abundant, well-preserved and diverse palynofloras. This indicates that the (NaPO\u2083)\u2086 procedure can prepare palynomorph assemblages from Mesozoic and Cenozoic mudrocks as effectively as the HCl/HF procedure.\n      </p>", "The contraction of the UK cement industry in the last two decades has been uneven regionally. In the short term, the producing companies have responded differently to a variety of economic and environmental pressures, whereas over a longer time span their behaviour has been convergent. Implications for studies of the geography of the firm are raised.\n      </p>", "The Trident replacement decision has an economic aspect that cannot be ignored, namely, its costs. This article presents a cost-benefit framework for assessing the replacement decision and its alternatives. The replacement decision is presented against the background of the defence economics problem showing the opportunities for substitution and the need for difficult defence choices in a world of uncertainty. A framework for choices is outlined showing the range and type of information needed for sensible decision-making in this area. A range of conventional force alternatives is estimated as well as alternative civil spending. The impact of the replacement decision on the UK submarine industrial base is assessed, including the challenges of reaching a partnering agreement and negotiating an incentive contract with a UK monopoly supplier. The cost figures used for the Trident replacement are illustrative only and show how the programme can be evaluated.\n      </p>", "International migration is determined by both economic and political forces. This article examines the influence of economic, demographic and policy variables on British emigration to four principal destinations in two different eras. Before 1914 the economic and demographic forces that drove British emigration can be clearly identified. Had the same conditions applied in the post-Second World War period, mass emigration from Britain would have continued until the early 1990s. But from the mid-1960s these influences became less powerful as they were increasingly inhibited by immigration policies in the principal destination countries. The long-term decline in emigration is largely accounted for by shifts in policy, especially those that curtailed or abolished the preferences previously extended to settlers from the UK.\n      </p>", "Littoral areas of the British Isles present an array of properties and features which have long been exploited by human populations and have contributed to the wealth and the quality of life of the nation. Past and ongoing differentiation in uses of coastal zones has led to conflicts ranging from deleterious effects on supporting ecosystems to symbiosis with human activities. This paper aims to elicit the main forces influencing the development of coastal areas and the means available to assess the present use and manage future exploitation of the coastal zone, following the P-S-I-R Framework and an ecosystem function-based valuation methodology. A variety of pressures and their trends is analysed (climate change, population and tourism changes, port development, hydrocarbon and marine aggregate extraction and pollution). All these factors are examined in the context of the sustainable use of coastal resources and on the basis of an interdisciplinary ecological economics approach.\n      </p>", "This paper suggests that most of the FTSE-listed firms in the United Kingdom use corporate environmental policy statements (CEPS) to communicate their strategic intent of what environmental and social targets to attain, and broad guidelines of how they will progressively achieve all the required changes and new developments. In this paper, we link the contents of CEPS of a sample of FTSE-listed firms (from the chemical, pharmaceutical and food industry that are committed to develop business excellence) to the voluntary participation in the environmental benchmarking exercise and the various levels of environmental performance therein. The findings suggest that in contrast to their non-participating counterparts, the strategic focus of the participating firms transcends from simply mitigating any potential damages that their operations might have on the environment to business process reengineering and building new implementation capabilities. However, not all of the participating firms achieved excellence in their environmental performance, the high performing firms outweighed their counterparts on their emphasis on technological competence and competitiveness, and interestingly, the average-performing firms would use the strategic emphasis on social responsibility to compensate for their mediocre technological competence.\n      </p>", "Objective To estimate the effect of adding exercise classes, spinal manipulation delivered in NHS or private premises, or manipulation followed by exercise to \"best care\" in general practice for patients consulting with back pain. Design Pragmatic randomised trial with factorial design. Setting 181 general practices in Medical Research Council General Practice Research Framework; 63 community settings around 14 centres across the United Kingdom. Participants 1334 patients consulting their general practices about low back pain. Main outcome measures Scores on the Roland Morris disability questionnaire at three and 12 months, adjusted for centre and baseline scores. Results All groups improved over time. Exercise improved mean disability questionnaire scores at three months by 1.4 (95% confidence interval 0.6 to 2.1) more than \"best care.\" For manipulation the additional improvement was 1.6 (0.8 to 2.3) at three months and 1.0 (0.2 to 1.8) at 12 months. For manipulation followed by exercise the additional improvement was 1.9 (1.2 to 2.6) at three months and 1.3 (0.5 to 2.1) at 12 months. No significant differences in outcome occurred between manipulation in NHS premises and in private premises. No serious adverse events occurred. Conclusions Relative to \"best care\" in general practice, manipulation followed by exercise achieved a moderate benefit at three months and a small benefit at 12 months; spinal manipulation achieved a small to moderate benefit at three months and a small benefit at 12 months; and exercise achieved a small benefit at three months but not at 12 months.\n      </p>", "Objective To assess the cost effectiveness of adding spinal manipulation, exercise classes, or manipulation followed by exercise (\"combined treatment\") to \"best care\" in general practice for patients consulting with low back pain. Design Stochastic cost utility analysis alongside pragmatic randomised trial with factorial design. Setting 181 general practices and 63 community settings for physical treatments around 14 centres across the United Kingdom. Participants 1287 (96%) of 1334 trial participants. Main outcome measures Healthcare costs, quality adjusted life years (QALYs), and cost per QALY over 12 months. Results Over one year, mean treatment costs relative to \"best care\" were \u00a3195 ($360; \u20ac279; 95% credibility interval \u00a385 to \u00a3308) for manipulation, \u00a3140 (\u00a33 to \u00a3278) for exercise, and \u00a3125 (\u00a321 to \u00a3228) for combined treatment. All three active treatments increased participants' average QALYs compared with best care alone. Each extra QALY that combined treatment yielded relative to best care cost \u00a33800; in economic terms it had an \"incremental cost effectiveness ratio\" of \u00a33800. Manipulation alone had a ratio of \u00a38700 relative to combined treatment. If the NHS was prepared to pay at least \u00a310 000 for each extra QALY (lower than previous recommendations in the United Kingdom), manipulation alone would probably be the best strategy. If manipulation was not available, exercise would have an incremental cost effectiveness ratio of \u00a38300 relative to best care. Conclusions Spinal manipulation is a cost effective addition to \"best care\" for back pain in general practice. Manipulation alone probably gives better value for money than manipulation followed by exercise.\n      </p>", "This paper considers the measurement of performance in public service provision in an international context by examining outcome-based measures for the education sector. It first sets out the measurement issues in general terms. The paper then applies these methods to comparing the UK experience with that in the US over the period 1979-2002. The results show higher labour productivity growth in the UK education sector than in the US over this time period, so that the UK eliminated the productivity gap with the US by the end of the Century.\n      </p>", "The volatile behavior of inflation, output, and interest rates in the United Kingdom prior to the 1990s helps discriminate between rival explanations for the outbreak of stagflation. We examine alternative hypotheses with a New Keynesian model of aggregate demand and inflation determination, estimated on quarterly UK data for 1959-2000. Our model features IS and Phillips curves based on optimizing behavior, and fully incorporates the distinction between detrended output and the output gap stressed by optimizing analysis. Using simulations of our model as well as information on the \"real-time\" views of policymakers, we test alternative explanations for the outbreak of inflation in the United Kingdom in the 1960s and 1970s. We find that inaccurate estimates of the degree of excess demand in the economy contributed significantly to the outbreak. But we also find a major role for the failure at the time to recognize the importance of monetary policy, as opposed to nonmonetary devices, in controlling inflation.\n      </p>", "During the last 25 years there have been major changes in energy production in the UK, including the drastic decline of deepmining for coal, and the development of a large-scale oil and gas industry in the North Sea, while the last decade has seen radical changes in the energy market leading to a 'dash for gas' in electricity generation and a proliferation of small-scale renewable energy plants. Key features of the emerging new geography of energy supply are identified, and factors shaping the new pattern discussed. Societal perception of the energy problem has changed, and energy debates are conducted increasingly with reference to the concept of sustainability.\n      </p>", "Despite claims for the safety of tap water for all consumption purposes, the British public is apparently not wholly unconvinced about its purity. This article traces the remarkable increase in the amount of bottled water consumed in the UK since the 1970s, and examines this trend relative to that in other European countries as well as in terms of regional patterns of variation within the UK itself. Traditional geographical analysis of a range of factors is used to interpret patterns of changing consumption. However, while such analysis illuminates the cultivation of 'want' over and above 'need', the processes by which particular perceptions are arrived at remain to be clarified Advertising is identified as a useful starting point for how bottled water producers, as well as consumers, draw on different types of knowledge and how these are valued, used and transformed into consumption practices.\n      </p>", "Levels of social housing investment in the UK and the Netherlands are considered for the period 1970-1992. The changing housing policies and the developing structures of social housing finance are analysed. These factors have contributed to the decline in social housing construction in the UK and the Netherlands. In particular, the desire of governments in both countries to cut public capital expenditure on housing and increase the role of private capital in new construction reduced the output during the 1980s. In the UK, a tight monetarist policy was adopted with the aim of keeping inflation down. This can be seen as a major cause of declining levels of public expenditure on housing production. In the Netherlands, a more significant role, compared to the UK, seems to have been played by developments on the housing market, especially the real estate crisis in 1978-1982. In both countries, the outlook for investment in social housing is gloomy.\n      </p>", "This paper is concerned with developments in the UK 'creative industries' in the late 1990s. It questions the government's preoccupation with measuring these industries, and argues that this quantification impulse - manifested in a high-profile 'mapping' exercise - was tied to the intensification of disciplinary forms of regulatory power. The power to define, control and orient the modern economy can be seen to be exercised through the production and mediation of geographical knowledges.\n      </p>", "Debate continues about the inter-relationships between human and physical geography and their different research and publication practices. Relatively little data about these are available, however. Using an analysis of all publications submitted by UK geographers to the 2001 Research Assessment Exercise, this paper identifies a substantial difference between human and physical geographers in their publication strategies. Most physical geographers place their research papers in specialized inter-disciplinary journals and make relatively little use of geography outlets: most human geographers, on the other hand, publish in geography journals. Comparisons with other disciplines - in the earth and environmental and social sciences respectively - also identify differences between geographers and their peers. The overall conclusion is that, with regard to research and publication at least, UK geography cannot be presented as a single academic community with strong internal ties, but rather as a conglomerate of separate communities writing for different audiences.\n      </p>", "Little is known about the issues facing geographers working on fractional appointments in higher education institutions in the UK. This paper draws on a survey of UK geography departments and personal experiences to explore some of that territory for the first time. The purpose is both to set the agenda for institutional policy issues and to provide some immediate points of reflection for staff intending to take up fractional work. We consider the place of fractional working in the dominant discourses around paid work, problems of workload division and the impact on professional standing (including the RAE). We suggest that while personal 'life' reasons for fractional working are often positive, fractional workers in the academy risk professional marginalization.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the relative performance of electricity distribution systems in the UK and Japan between 1985 and 1998 using cost-based benchmarking with data envelopment analysis (DEA) and stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) methods. The results suggest that the productivity gain in the UK electricity distribution has been larger than in the Japanese sector. In particular, productivity growth accelerated during the last years when the UK utilities were operating under tightened revenue caps. It also suggests that efficiency scores are higher for UK utilities. The findings also highlight the advantages of using multiple techniques in comparative analysis and in incentive regulation.\n      </p>", "An empirical investigation of the downsizing-productivity relationship has emerged from the USA. This paper presents further evidence drawn from another country's experience. Detailed commentary on key trends in the UK motor vehicle industry informs an analysis applying the Baily et al. [Baily, Bartelsman and Haltiwanger (1994) Downsizing and productivity growth: myth or reality? National Bureau of Economic Research Working Paper No. 4741; (1996a) Downsizing and productivity growth: myth or reality? In Sources of Productivity Growth (edited by D.G. Mayes), New York: Cambridge University Press; (1996b) Downsizing and productivity growth: myth or reality? Small Business Economics, 8, 259-278] taxonomic model, yielding insights into the varieties of downsizing-productivity linkages therein. Evidence presented shows productivity growth was indeed higher in those plants that successfully downsized, but that those plants that were unsuccessful at downsizing tended to have among the worst productivity growth rates. Unsuccessful downsizers accounted for a significant part of the overall decline in productivity after 1989.\n      </p>", "The start-up of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at CERN, Geneva, presents a huge challenge in processing and analysing the vast amounts of scientific data that will be produced. The architecture of the worldwide grid that will handle 15 PB of particle physics data annually from this machine is based on a hierarchical tiered structure. We describe the development of the UK component (GridPP) of this grid from a prototype system to a full exploitation grid for real data analysis. This includes the physical infrastructure, the deployment of middleware, operational experience and the initial exploitation by the major LHC experiments.\n      </p>", "The non-completion rate of university students differs substantially between UK universities. This paper provides estimates of non-completion rates for the 1979 and 1980 entry cohorts into each university and suggests a number of reasons which may have contributed to these inter-university differences. Statistical analysis indicates that a large proportion of the inter-university variation in the non-completion rate can be explained by three main factors: the scholastic ability of each university's new entrants (as reflected by A-level score), the subject mix of each university, and the proportion of each university's students accommodated in a hall of residence. The main conclusion is that inter-university comparisons in the non-completion rate are of little value unless account is taken of differences in the scholastic ability of each university's intake of students.\n      </p>", "Coastal management has developed rapidly over the past decade resulting in a wide range of plans, strategies and liaison groups. The production of management plans and the formation of groups are driven by a number of forces and they vary a great deal in nature. They can be either sectoral or holistic, statutory or non-statutory and are also spatially variable. The Isle of Wight Council has been actively involved in the production of such plans and participates in a number of local, regional, national and transnational organizations and initiatives. For example, strategies have been developed for both coastal defence and estuarine management to encourage close collaboration between all those involved in coastal issues. The aim of this paper is to explain how the process of integrated coastal zone management has evolved on the Isle of Wight over the past 15 years. It highlights the processes by which the plans and collaborative arrangements have developed on the Island and shows how present research is helping the Council in its task of managing its long and complex coastline. The future challenge is to translate these plans into action on the ground.\n      </p>", "Reviews of UK Statistical Sources is a series of volumes, sponsored jointly by the Economic and Social Research Council and the Royal Statistical Society, which aim to provide an authoritative guide to sources of both official and unofficial data and a critical appraisal of their nature and limitations. This paper has been written to mark the completion of the first twenty volumes covering thirty-six review topics. It describes the scope and nature of the series and the subjects covered. A comment is added on the future of the series which is now under review.\n      </p>", "Recent changes in the distribution of income need to be placed in historical context. The paper provides new evidence about the evolution of top incomes in the UK over the 20th century. Making use of published tabulations of the income tax statistics, and of microdata for recent years, we construct estimates of the shares of top income groups, giving for the first time an annual time series for gross incomes that spans more than 90 years. The paper pays particular attention to the problems of data construction and of the interpretation of tax-based evidence. The resulting statistics have evident limitations but throw light on periods, such as that between the First and Second World Wars, for which there is little other empirical material. The results bring out clearly how the major equalization of the first three-quarters of the century in the UK has been reversed, taking the shares of the top income groups back to levels of inequality found 50 years ago. A similar U-shaped pattern is found for the USA, but the post-war experience of France is different from that in the UK.\n      </p>", "The recent decline in fieldwork provision in UK schools has partly been attributed to false perceptions of risk among teachers. This paper examines a case study based on geography teachers' perceptions from six state secondary schools in a northern English city. The research shows that owing to the inherent subjectivity of risk perception, these teachers' perceptions of fieldwork risk cannot be dismissed as false. Furthermore, it is argued that owing to the implicit, but powerful, spatialities of teachers' imaginations of fieldwork, these teachers will first need to re-evaluate the role and value of fieldwork before they are willing to re-enter the field.\n      </p>", "This paper analyses the choices made by households in the UK about mortgages. It considers whether there might be forms of market failure that prevent the structure of mortgage debt better reflecting the underlying preferences of households. UK households lie at one end of a spectrum of the degree of uncertainty over the nominal payments due on mortgage debt. There are several different hypotheses for the type of mortgages households choose. Some are consistent with an efficient market, others not. The paper looks at alternative explanations for the behaviour of UK households and assesses which are consistent with the evidence.\n      </p>", "This paper seeks to examine how value chains impinge upon firms within the Chilean wine sector. The value chain analysis will further link the production and export of wine in Chile with the import and retailing of this wine in one key core economy market, namely that of the UK. The analysis is divided into three sections. First, the political economy of value chains in agro-industry is discussed, particularly in relation to the distinction between network or quasi-hierarchical relationships. Then the paper examines the theme of retail concentration in the UK and the impacts that this has on global value chains which incorporate Chilean wine firms. The focus then moves to value chains and the nature of upgrading within Chilean wine firms by examining the strategic example of the lead firm and firm upgrading as a response to demands of UK retailers and through the flying winemaker model. Broad conclusions on the comparative nature of value chains and the scramble for value within them are finally made.\n      </p>", "This paper contributes to the sparse empirical literature on the effects of foreign competition on domestic employment and wages. The authors estimate a structural labour demand equation on UK firm-level panel data between 1982 and 1989 and several wage equations. When they restrict the sample to the manufacturing sector only, they find for the unionized firms that foreign competition has a negative effect on both wages and on employment. However, when UK manufacturing Arms face only a few rivals, foreign competition has a positive effect on wages, but no effect on employment. /// Die Verfasser leisten einen Beitrag zu der sp\u00e4rlichen empirischen Literatur \u00fcber die Wirkungen ausl\u00e4ndischer Konkurrenz auf Besch\u00e4ftigung und L\u00f6hne im Inland. Sie sch\u00e4tzen eine strukturelle Arbeitsnachfragegleichung auf der Basis von Daten aus Unternehmensbefragungen f\u00fcr das Vereinigte K\u00f6nigreich zwischen 1982 und 1989 sowie mehrere Lohngleichungen. Wenn sie die Stichprobe nur auf die Verarbeitende Industrie beschr\u00e4nken, finden sie fur gewerkschaftlich organisierte Unternehmen heraus, da\u00df die ausl\u00e4ndische Konkurrenz sowohl auf die L\u00f6hne als auch auf die Besch\u00e4ftigung negative Auswirkungen hat. Soweit die britischen gewerblichen Unternehmen dieses Sektors allerdings nur wenigen Konkurrenten gegen\u00fcberstehen, hat die ausl\u00e4ndische Konkurrenz eine positive Wirkung auf die L\u00f6hne, dagegen keine auf die Besch\u00e4ftigung.\n      </p>", "Background: Smoking is one of the biggest avoidable causes of morbidity and mortality in the United Kingdom. This paper quantifies the current health and economic burden of smoking in the UK. It provides comparisons with previous studies of the burden of smoking in the UK and with the costs for other chronic disease risk factors.\n      </p>", "Labelling schemes are practical arrangements aimed at making 'ethical' products widely available and visible. They are crucial to expanded development of ethical markets and hence to the addition of moral dimensions to the normally amoral behaviour linking consumers and retail and production businesses. The study reported here attempts to assess the contribution of UK ethical, social and environmental certification and labelling initiatives to 'sustainable' consumption and production. The research sought to assess the overall potential of initiatives to inject human values into the supply-distribution chains, through a qualitative survey of 15 of the 26 main UK initiatives: in social justice, animal welfare and environmental sustainability from the agriculture, food processing, timber, aquaculture, textiles and personal care sectors. By analysing the basic characteristics and concepts of these labels and investigating the emergence of labelling initiatives, we assess whether labels help add an ethical dimension, or whether, in some respects, they also reduce such missions to the technical management of adding only another 'utility' to a product. The analysis assesses whether the gradual 'mainstreaming' of ethical initiatives such as 'Fairtrade' risks subsuming ethical goals within business participants' competitive and profit-oriented logics. However, the contrasting perspectives revealed between rival labelling initiatives show that the scope and functions of labelling projects go beyond the manifest ones of information communication between consumers and producer and actually introduce elements of socio-political regulation. These are essential for more sustainable and ethical business practices and are an integral part of any humanisation of business involvement.\n      </p>", "Background The index of capability (ICECAP) was developed using in-depth interviews with 40 older people and comprises five attributes: attachment, security, enjoyment, role and control. This paper explores the construct validity of these five capability attributes. Methods An interview survey was conducted with individuals aged 65 and over located across the UK. Data were analysed in six categories (socio-demographic variables and general well-being, contact with others, health, nature of the locality and environment, social support and participation) using chi-squared tests (for categorical variables) or one-way analysis of variance (for continuous variables). Results About 315 individuals were interviewed (response rate 66%). Relationships were generally as anticipated with, for example: strong relationships between age and capability and well-being and capability, but no relationships between capability and either sex or social class; strong relationships between physical measures of health and role, enjoyment and control, and between mental health measures and attachment and enjoyment. Conclusions This study provides some early evidence for the construct validity of the ICECAP measure. Where anticipated relationships were not observed this might in part be explained in that the ICECAP index asks about capability, but the factors with which associations were examined were largely and inevitably measures of function.\n      </p>", "In the United Kingdom, there has been a resurgence of interest in philanthropy amongst the media, policymakers, and scholars alike. In this context, the analysis of new and innovative forms of philanthropy is paramount. This paper focuses on an innovation in the philanthropic form: the community foundation. The success of community foundations in the United States provided the impetus for the establishment of community foundations in the UK in the 1980s. This paper examines how the community foundation form has been adapted to the UK and the factors which have influenced the development and roles of British community foundations. It is argued that this study is both timely and important for three reasons. First, the analysis of new structures through which people give furthers our understanding of Britain's culture of giving. Second, the paper examines the role of community-based philanthropy in the civil renewal of Britain's communities. Finally, the study makes an important contribution to efforts to promote the community foundation form worldwide as it highlights the challenges of transferring philanthropic forms from one context to another. Il y a eu, au Royaume-Uni, un regain d'int\u00e9r\u00eat pour la philanthropie \u00e0 la fois de la part des m\u00e9dias, des d\u00e9cideurs et des chercheurs. Dans ce contexte, l'analyse de formes nouvelles et innovatrices de philanthropie est d'une importance capitale. Cet article se concentre sur une innovation d'ordre philanthropique: les fondations publiques. Le succ\u00e8s de ces fondations aux \u00c9tats-Unis a fourni l'impulsion pour leur cr\u00e9ation au sein du Royaume-Uni dans les ann\u00e9es 80. Cet article examine comment les fondations publiques ont \u00e9t\u00e9 adapt\u00e9es au Royaume-Uni, et les facteurs qui ont influenc\u00e9 leur d\u00e9veloppement et leur r\u00f4le. Le d\u00e9bat suscit\u00e9 par cette \u00e9tude est \u00e0 fois opportun et important pour trois raisons. Tout d'abord, l'analyse de nouvelles structures par le biais du public, nous permettent de mieux comprendre la culture des dons britanniques. Ensuite, l'examen du r\u00f4le de la philanthropie publique dans le cadre du renouveau civil des communaut\u00e9s britanniques. Enfin, l'\u00e9tude offre une importante contribution aux efforts de promotion des fondations publiques \u00e0 l'\u00e9chelle du monde entier, car elles mettent l'accent sur les d\u00e9fis de transfert de formes philanthropiques d'un contexte \u00e0 un autre. In Gro\u00dfbritannien ist unter den Medien, politischen Entscheidungstr\u00e4gern und Gelehrten das Interesse an der Philantrophie neu entfacht. In diesem Zusammenhang ist die Analyse neuer und innovativer Formen der Philantrophie von h\u00f6chster Bedeutung. Diese Studie konzentriert sich auf eine Innovation in philantrophischer Form: die B\u00fcrgerstiftung. Der Erfolg von B\u00fcrgerstiftungen in den USA gab in den achtziger Jahren den Ansto\u00df zur Gr\u00fcndung von B\u00fcrgerstiftungen in Gro\u00dfbritannien. Die Studie untersucht, inwieweit die Form der B\u00fcrgerstiftung Gro\u00dfbritanniens Anspr\u00fcchen angepasst wurde, und betrachtet die Faktoren, die Einfluss auf die Entwicklung und Rolle britischer B\u00fcrgerstiftungen genommen haben. Die Studie wird aus drei Gr\u00fcnden f\u00fcr zeitgerecht und bedeutend gehalten. Erstens tr\u00e4gt die Untersuchung neuer Strukturen, durch die Menschen spenden, zu unserem Verst\u00e4ndnis der britischen Spendenkultur bei. Zweitens wird die Rolle der gemeindebasierten Philantrophie in der b\u00fcrgerlichen Erneuerung britischer Gemeinden untersucht. Und drittens leistet die Studie einen bedeutenden Beitrag zu den Bem\u00fchungen, die Form der B\u00fcrgerstiftung weltweit zu f\u00f6rdern, indem sie die Schwierigkeiten bei der \u00dcbertragung philantrophische Formen von einem Kontext in einen anderen hervorhebt. En el Reino Unido ha renacido el inter\u00e9s en la filantrop\u00eda entre los medios, los pol\u00edticos y los acad\u00e9micos. Por ello, es primordial analizar las nuevas formas innovadoras de filantrop\u00eda. Este trabajo trata de una innovaci\u00f3n con forma filantr\u00f3pica: la fundaci\u00f3n comunitaria. El \u00e9xito de las fundaciones comunitarias en los Estados Unidos prendi\u00f3 la mecha para el establecimiento de las fundaciones comunitarias en el Reino Unido en la d\u00e9cada de los 80. En este trabajo se estudia c\u00f3mo se ha adaptado esta fundaci\u00f3n al Reino Unido y los factores que han influido en el desarrollo y las funciones de las fundaciones comunitarias brit\u00e1nicas. Se afirma que este estudio es oportuno e importante por tres razones: primero, porque el an\u00e1lisis de las estructuras nuevas a trav\u00e9s de las cuales las personas dan, nos permite comprender mejor la cultura de la caridad de Gran Breta\u00f1a. Segundo, porque el trabajo estudia la importancia que ha tenido la \"filantrop\u00eda basada en la comunidad\" para la renovaci\u00f3n civil de las comunidades brit\u00e1nicas. Y por \u00faltimo, porque el estudio hace una importante contribuci\u00f3n a los intentos de fomentar la fundaci\u00f3n comunitaria en todo el mundo, ya que hace hincapi\u00e9 en las dificultades de transferir las formas filantr\u00f3picas de un contexto a otro.\n      </p>", "Women's structures have long featured in many UK and Canadian unions, and their forms and functions continue to widen. Extant literature highlights their concern with improving female union members' conditions in the workplace, but a growing body of scholarly work observes that women's structures may act as change agents within the trade union setting. Drawing on recent survey and interview evidence, this paper examines various equality achievements for women within UK and Canadian unions, before seeking to account for the extent of this progress with regard to women's structures' presence and activity. The empirical findings then inform a discussion which focuses on women's structures' contribution to women's equality within unions, and the implications of prevailing measures of internal equality progress for union influence.\n      </p>", "The international data on tidal prism and cross-sectional area of tidal inlets and estuaries are examined as a basis for exploring the variability in the comparable UK data. The data are then used to evaluate the existing classification of estuary types; to present a number of relationships between the key bulk parameters of estuary volume, plan area, and cross-sectional area; and to test some theoretically derived relationships. The results suggest that the degree of Holocene sedimentation, and hence Holocene development, may explain much of the variability seen in the data, and this is not, as yet, fully accounted for in the theoretical relationships.\n      </p>", "In the 1980s research in economic geography has tried to unravel the forces influencing the geography of plant closures. Part of that research focuses upon closures implemented by large multi-locational manufacturing firms. A brief review of the concepts emerging from studies of closures by these firms precedes an analysis of closures implemented by five of the major brewing firms of the UK. The geography of closures in the brewing industry is shown to be related to distribution (transport) costs, the inter-relationships between distribution costs and economies of scale, the characteristics of the sites occupied by the plants and the nature of labour relations within particular plants.\n      </p>", "The inflation targeting regime prevailing in the UK is not the result of a change in policy maker objectives. Analysis of UK policymakers' statements demonstrates that objectives have been essentially unchanged over five decades. Instead, the crucial underpinning of UK inflation targeting is an overhaul of doctrine. This overhaul involves changes in policymakers' views regarding key IS and Phillips curve parameters. They particularly have involved whether levels terms (of the real interest rate and the output gap) appear in the curves. Contrary to conventional wisdom, changing views on the expected- inflation term in the Phillips curve do not play a role.\n      </p>", "Study objective: Coronary heart disease (CHD) is the commonest cause of death in the UK. However, there is no single comprehensive source of information to support CHD prevention and treatment strategies. Therefore this study evaluated the availability and quality of UK CHD data sources since 1981. Design: Data sources for England and Wales were identified and appraised on: (1) CHD patient numbers (myocardial infarction, angina, hypertension, and heart failure); (2) uptake of medical and surgical CHD treatments, and (3) population trends in major cardiovascular risk factors. Setting: England and Wales (population 53 million). Main results: Population and mortality data were easily accessible from Office for National Statistics and British Heart Foundation Annual CHD Statistics; population based risk factor data came principally from the British Regional Heart Study, the General Household Survey, and the Health Survey for England. They were limited for 1981, but more extensive by 2000. Hospital admissions information since 1998 was available online from HES; but trend data and details of interventions were scant. Limited primary care data on consultation rates, prescribing, and treatment uptake were available from published audits and studies. Conclusions: Information on CHD in the UK is fragmented, patchy, and mixed in quality. Data for women, the elderly populatiom, and ethnic minorities were particularly scarce, exacerbating inequalities. Future CHD disease monitoring and evaluation will require comprehensive and accurate population based information on trends in patient numbers, treatment uptake, and risk factors.\n      </p>", "This paper demonstrates the importance of adequately modelling the Underlying Energy Demand Trend (UEDT) and seasonality when estimating transportation oil demand for the UK and Japan. The structural time series model is therefore employed to allow for a stochastic underlying trend and stochastic seasonals using quarterly data from the early 1970s, for both UK and Japan. It is found that the stochastic seasonals are preferred to the conventional deterministic dummies and, more importantly, the UEDT is found to be highly non-linear for both countries, with periods where it is both upward and downward sloping.\n      </p>", "We analyse productivity growth in UK manufacturing 1980-92 using the newly available ARD panel of establishments drawn from the Census of Production. We examine the contribution to productivity growth of 'internal' restructuring (such as new technology and organisational change among survivors) and 'external' restructuring (exit, entry and market share change). We find that (a) 'external restructuring' accounts for 50% of establishment labour productivity growth and 80-90% of establishment TFP growth; (b) much of the external restructuring effect comes from multi-establishment firms closing down poorly-performing plants and opening high-performing new ones, and (c) external competition is an important determinant of internal restructuring.\n      </p>", "The glacial isostatic adjustment of the UK region has been considered in a number of recent studies. We have revisited this problem in order to: (i) highlight some key issues with regard to limitations in the ice modelling approach adopted in these studies and (ii) consider the constraints provided from observations of crustal motion available via continuous global positioning system monitoring. With regard to the first aim, we have found that: (i) previous studies have significantly overestimated ice thicknesses in regions where trim line field constraints were adopted and (ii) the duration of the glaciation phase of the UK ice sheet is a critical aspect of the model and that discrepancies in this model component have led to inconsistent inferences of Earth model parameters. With regard to the second aim, we have found that predictions of horizontal velocities (relative to a chosen site) based on a UK ice model calibrated to fit the regional sea-level database capture the geometry of the signal well but only account for 10% of the magnitude (for a range of Earth models).\n      </p>", "Aims: To evaluate the mortality experience of a cohort of employees in the UK silica sand industry exposed to respirable crystalline silica (RCS). Methods: A retrospective cohort mortality study followed all workers to 2001 with at least one year's employment at one of seven UK silica sand producing quarries between 1950 and 1986. Each worker was assigned a job category and cumulative exposure to RCS was estimated using a job-exposure matrix. Results: A total of 764 deaths were identified in 2703 cohort members. The overall mortality rate for the cohort was lower than would be expected in the general population. Mortality from circulatory and respiratory disease was also less than expected, but death due to pneumoconiosis was slightly raised (two deaths). Mortality from all cancers was slightly decreased. Mortality was not raised in any job category. Cancer mortality was raised at one quarry due to a significant increase in lung (standardised mortality rate (SMR) 162.0, 95% CI 113.5 to 224.3) and bladder (SMR 366.5, 95% CI 167.6 to 695.7) cancers. Mortality from lung cancer and other causes did not show a trend with cumulative exposure to RCS. Conclusions: This study did not show any consistent relation between RCS exposure (in the absence of other known carcinogens) and the development of lung cancer. This contrasts with a number of studies that have shown positive findings in similar and related industries.\n      </p>", "This paper investigates the firm's choice between franchising-out directly and appointing an intermediary to develop host markets. This decision is modelled using a transaction costs framework. The costs associated with monitoring, searching for and servicing franchise buyers are incorporated, as are the costs of protecting intellectual property. The model is tested using data on the scale and scope of UK outward franchising activity.\n      </p>", "This article was the experience of the newly privatized UK utilities as a unique natural experiment to explore aspects of the life cycle/free cash-flow hypothesis of Dennis Mueller and Michael Jensen. It demonstrates that in their immediate post-privatization, regulated environment the UK utilities experienced severe attenuation of all the principal forms of corporate governance, while remaining substantial cash generators but with limited scope for core business growth. It shows that the firms responded with a rapid \u2013 and apparently unsuccessful \u2013 expansion of noncore activities. The article then uses a two-way random effects panel design and finds substantial and robust support for the maintained hypothesis that (lagged) cash-flow drove diversification. The results also generate clear implications for privatization policy. In particular, they suggest that the incentive benefits anticipated from substituting private for government ownership may become distorted if the managements of newly privatized enterprises are sheltered from the regular disciplines of corporate governance.\n      </p>", "The role of venture capital in economic development increasingly is recognized as central to the development of an entrepreneurial economy. However, the supply of venture capital is not distributed evenly across the space economy. In the UK, evidence for the 1980s demonstrated that venture capital investments were highly concentrated in Greater London and the South East, reinforcing the existing patterns of regional concentration of economic activity. This paper reviews the regional distribution of venture capital investments in the UK in the 1990s, a period of massive growth in venture capital investment activity. It concludes that the regional concentration of venture capital investment has been considerably reduced since the 1980s. However, more detailed analysis of the data demonstrates that this shift towards a less unequal regional distribution has been driven by so-called 'merchant' venture capital - investments in large-scale management buy-outs and buy-ins which facilitate corporate restructuring through ownership change and often have adverse consequences for employment. 'Classic' venture capital - investments in young entrepreneurial companies with high growth potential - remains highly concentrated in London and the South East, and also in Scotland. This reflects both supply- and demand-side factors. The Government's new regional venture capital funds are unlikely to be effective in closing this regional finance gap. An alternative approach to intervention, in the context of the increasing globalization of venture capital investments, is to seek to attract venture capital money and expertise from elsewhere.\n      </p>", "The concept of sustainable urban development represents a major challenge for governments throughout the contemporary world. Despite the rhetoric of sustainable development over the past two decades, the gap between public declarations of principle and implementation of concrete measures remains significant in most cities. This article first examines the complex concept of sustainable urban development then charts the emergence of a sustainable development philosophy within UK urban policy The theoretical and structural level analysis is complemented by consideration of current strategies aimed at sustainable development in part of the Thames Gateway. Finally, a number of conclusions are presented on the prospects for sustainable urban development in the UK.\n      </p>", "We show that hedonic price indices that omit model-specific unobservable product attributes are subject to considerable bias. We utilize a complete panel of new car versions marketed in the UK over 1971-98 which incorporates over 100 observable product characteristics, sales weighting to capture the distribution of purchases across models, and model-specific fixed effects to account for unobservable characteristics. We find that quality-adjusted prices obtained from hedonic regressions that do not account for unobservable characteristics exhibit a severe downward bias. We also show that quality-adjusted prices exhibit distinct sub-market differences having increased in 'mass production' segments and decreased in 'specialized niches'.\n      </p>", "This paper assesses the impact of devolution within the United Kingdom on household equality in terms of both income and social inclusion, with particular focus on the two most established examples of devolution - Scotland and Wales. Uniquely this paper provides the first quantitative assessment of devolution in the UK. Using British Household Panel Study data it suggests that devolution appears to have had no discernable impact on income inequality. An influence on social inclusion can be detected but is suggested to have been both weak and temporary in relation to other regions within the UK. The paper concludes with explanations for the paucity of devolution's impact on equality.\n      </p>", "This paper explores which factors influence the number of Japanese firms in the UK and the level of employment and fixed assets in those firms, at a highly disaggregated sector level. We are interested in whether trade policy has had a role to play in the entry and expansion of Japanese firms. The results give some support to the hypothesis that antidumping action has acted as an incentive for Japanese direct investment in the UK. However, it has a relatively modest effect - antidumping cases can explain a maximum of 8 per cent of the expansion in employment by existing Japanese firms in the UK, while they appear to have no influence on the arrival of new firms.\n      </p>", "The paper explores intersections between the fashion and furniture industries as manifest across magazine, retail and manufacturing spaces. We argue that the temporality and spatiality of furniture have begun to shift. As a result, furniture retailers and manufacturers in Canada and the UK have been required to restructure their methods of operating.\n      </p>", "The MBA has always aroused controversy in the UK. The background to this and some explanations are presented, together with an analysis of what is perceived by some to be a crisis for MBA provision. Whilst the number of programmes has expanded, demand, particularly for full-time programmes, has weakened due in part to the recent recession. The paper offers explanations of these adjustments and some evidence that the MBA is gradually becoming a standard qualification for senior management. It is argued that what appears a crisis is an overdue adjustment of expectations. Graduation salary premia have declined as the supply of places and graduates has increased. As a consequence, most schools will experience pressures to reduce experience requirements and real fee levels. Increased customer price-consciousness will result in a greater focus on costs for business schools and their faculty. A brief history of the origins and evolution of the MBA in the USA and UK is provided, with an emphasis on the importance of the revised US model of the early 1960s for the subsequent success and upward drift of the MBA. A number of tensions and challenges in MBA provision are identified.\n      </p>", "Strategic planning and priority-setting have become inevitable for UK research funding agencies in the 1990's. But it is an activity which is viewed with some suspicion by the scientific community, in which it is an aphorism that discovery cannot be planned. There is considerable interest therefore, in the promise of foresight analysis as an alternative to conventional strategic planning. Most previous experience with foresight has been at a macro level, with a focus on national direction-setting. But what role can foresight have at a micro level; how can it help individual funding agencies develop strategies for specific scientific fields? This paper explores the problem by describing an experiment, supported jointly by three UK funding agencies, to apply foresight techniques in a review of a single field (cardiovascular research). The methodology developed for objective consultation with scientists and users is described, and preliminary results presented. Science-push and demand-pull factors emerged clearly, as did a desire within the scientific community for a number of infrastructural changes to strengthen the future of the field. The study has shown that systematic surveys of users and researchers are capable of detecting coherent views on a number of issues that are relevant to forward planning in research funding agencies. The paper concludes by summarising the limitations of this approach to strategic planning, and presenting some general lessons that may be useful for consideration in other micro-level foresight exercises.\n      </p>", "This paper undertakes a statistical analysis of the Universities Funding Council's 1989 research selectivity exercise, focusing on differences between universities in the research rating obtained by individual cost centres. The statistical analysis indicates that several variables are significantly related to interuniversity variations in research rating. These include a cost centre's size, the research rating of other cost centres in the same institution, research expenditure per staff member and whether a university was previously a college of advanced technology. Several other variables, such as the student:staff ratio, were found to be statistically significant in only a few cost centres.\n      </p>", "The catastrophic surge event of 1953 on the eastern UK and northern European coastlines led to widespread agreement on the necessity of a coordinated response to understand the risk of future oceanographic flood events and, so far as possible, to afford protection against such events. One element of this response was better use of historical data and scientific knowledge in assessing flood risk. The timing of the event also coincided roughly with the birth of extreme value theory as a statistical discipline for measuring risks of extreme events, and over the last 50 years, as techniques have been developed and refined, various attempts have been made to improve the precision of flood risk assessment around the UK coastline. In part, this article provides a review of such developments. Our broader aim, however, is to show how modern statistical modelling techniques, allied with the tools of extreme value theory and knowledge of sea-dynamic physics, can lead to further improvements in flood risk assessment. Our long-term goal is a coherent spatial model that exploits spatial smoothness in the surge process characteristics and we outline the details of such a model. The analysis of the present article, however, is restricted to a site-by-site analysis of high-tide surges. Nonetheless, we argue that the Bayesian methodology adopted for such analysis enables a risk-based interpretation of results that is most natural in this setting, and preferable to inferences that are available from more conventional analyses.\n      </p>", "This article presents a number of stylised facts about the behaviour of individual UK producer prices. First, on average 26% of prices change each month, although there is considerable heterogeneity between sectors. Second, the probability of price changes is not constant over time. Third, the distribution of price changes is wide, although a significant number of changes are relatively small. Fourth, prices that change more frequently do so by less. Conventional pricing theories struggle to match these results, particularly the marked heterogeneity.\n      </p>", "Renewable energy has been described as the 'Cinderella' energy sector, left behind and neglected in comparison with the two 'ugly sisters', fossil fuel and nuclear power.This article discusses recent advances for renewable energy in the UK which amount to a new era of expansion and greater economic competitiveness and optimism, supported by government provisions subsidising the commercialisation of a number of renewable technologies. The emergence of a new dispersed and complex geography of energy production is traced, identifying problems with environmental impacts and land use planning policy and the successes and failures of recent policy measures.\n      </p>", "After opening up of the Interconnector, the liberalized UK natural gas market and the regulated Continental gas markets became physically integrated and the Continental gas price became dominant. However, in an interim period \u2014 after deregulation of the UK gas market (1995) and the opening up of the Interconnector (1998) \u2014 the UK gas market had neither government price regulation nor a physical Continental gas linkage. We use this period \u2014 which for natural gas markets displays an unusual combination of deregulation and autarky \u2014 as a natural experiment to explore if decoupling of natural gas prices from prices of other energy commodities, such as oil and electricity, took place. Monthly price data in the period 1995-1998 indicates a highly integrated market where wholesale demand seems to be for energy rather than a specific energy source.\n      </p>", "An anonymized point-prevalence survey of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) carriage was conducted amongst a stratified random sample of nursing home residents in Birmingham, UK, during 1994. Microbiological sampling from noses, fingers and the environment was undertaken. Information about potential risk factors for the acquisition of MRSA was gathered. MRSA was isolated from cultures of the nose or fingers of 33 of the 191 residents who took part in the study (17%) but only 1 of the 33 positive residents had a clinical infection. Although just 10 of the 87 environmental samples were MRSA positive, there was some environmental contamination in most homes. Risk factors for MRSA carriage were hospital admission within the last year (relative prevalence 2\u00b709, 95% CI 1\u00b713-3\u00b788; P &lt; 0\u00b705) and surgical procedures within the last year (relative prevalence 4\u00b702, 95% CI 2\u00b718-7\u00b743; P = 0\u00b7002). Phage-typing of the strains revealed similarities with those circulating in Birmingham hospitals. These findings suggest that the prevalence of MRSA in nursing homes in Birmingham was high, and that the strains may have originated in hospitals.\n      </p>", "Burchell et al's [1985] historical analysis of value added in the UK attributes its rise and fall to societal circumstances which initially encouraged the voluntary disclosure of the Value Added Statement (VAS) by companies and then, following societal change, influenced its disappearance. This paper supplements Burchell et al's thesis by arguing that a fuller explanation for the disappearance of the VAS can be found by also considering the contents of the statement itself. An empirical study of the information in the VASs of UK companies shows that they were unlikely to give support to the economic interests of the employee user group who had been promoted as an important beneficiary of the VAS. The study demonstrates that the social and economic nature of accounting means that change analyses which take account of both aspects of the discipline's character are likely to be more convincing than those which focus solely on one or the other.\n      </p>", "Objective To examine whether the level of primary resistance to HIV drugs is increasing in the United Kingdom. Design Multicentre observational study. Setting All virology laboratories in the United Kingdom carrying out tests for HIV resistance as part of routine clinical care. Participants 2357 people infected with HIV who were tested for resistance before receiving antiretroviral therapy. Main outcome measure Prevalence of drug resistance on basis of the Stanford genotypic interpretation system. Results Over the study period (February 1996 to May 2003), 335 (14.2%, 95% confidence interval 12.8% to 15.7%) samples had mutations that conferred resistance to one or more antiretroviral drugs (9.3% high level resistance, 5.9% medium level resistance). The prevalence of primary resistance has increased markedly over time, although patterns are specific to drug class; the largest increase was for non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors. In 2002-3, the prevalence of resistance to any antiretroviral drug, to nucleoside or nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors, to non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors, or to protease inhibitors was 19.2% (15.7% to 23.2%), 12.4% (9.5% to 15.9%), 8.1% (5.8% to 11.1%), and 6.6% (4.4% to 9.3%), respectively. The risk of primary resistance was only weakly related to most demographic and clinical factors, including ethnicity and viral subtype. Conclusions The United Kingdom has one of the highest reported rates of primary resistance to HIV drugs worldwide. Prevalence seems still to be increasing and is high in all demographic subgroups.\n      </p>", "A large number of empirical studies have investigated the relationship between country-specific factors and total intra-industry trade (IIT). One important shortcoming of this literature is that it ignores the distinction between horizontal and vertical IIT and ignores the fact that they may have different determinants. This paper disaggregates UK IIT into its horizontal and vertical components and, using bilateral trade data, estimates a series of models incorporating countryspecific variables. The results suggest that vertical IIT is more important in the UK than horizontal IIT and that the inter-country pattern of vertical IIT is systematically related to a range of explanatory variables. /// In einer gro\u00dfen Zahl empirischer Studien wurde die Beziehung zwischen l\u00e4nderspezifischen Faktoren und dem gesamten intraindustriellen Handel (IIH) untersucht. Ein bedeutender Mangel dieser Studien ist, da\u00df sie die Unterscheidung zwischen horizontalem und vertikalem IIH ebenso vernachl\u00e4ssigen wie die Tatsache, da\u00df diese unterschiedliche Bestimmungsgr\u00fcnde haben k\u00f6nnen. Die Autoren zerlegen den britischen IIH in seine horizontalen und vertikalen Komponenten und sch\u00e4tzen unter Verwendung bilateraler Handelsdaten eine Reihe von Modellen, die l\u00e4nderspezifische Variable enthalten. Die Ergebnisse deuten darauf hin, da\u00df der vertikale IIH f\u00fcr das Vereinigte K\u00f6nigreich wichtiger ist als der horizontale und da\u00df das l\u00e4nderbezogene Muster des vertikalen IIH systematisch mit einer Reihe von erkl\u00e4renden Variablen verbunden ist.\n      </p>", "The collapse of communism in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, as well as developments surrounding peace talks in the Korean peninsula, have led to public demands in South Korea for reductions in defense spending. Those favoring cutbacks argue that reductions in defense spending will stimulate a 'peace dividend'. The opposition points to the recent nuclear crisis with North Korea as evidence of the need to maintain or even increase current levels of military spending. According to this argument, defense cutbacks are premature in view of existing threats to national security. In this study, I evaluate both sides of the argument by examining the impact of defense spending on economic growth on South Korea. Overall, the results show that military expenditures have no significant, direct effects on economic growth in South Korea.\n      </p>", "The Climate Change Convention requires signatory countries to calculate inventories of greenhouse-gas emissions from anthropogenic activities, and from natural sources and sinks. This paper presents estimations for the UK, an industrialized temperate country with intensive land-use and little natural vegetation cover. The UK's 1988 anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions total 183 million tons (metric). When the net sequestration from soil and biomass is included in aggregate carbon dioxide emissions, this total is reduced by only 0.72%. Net emissions increase however for methane ( CH4) and nitrous oxide ( N2 O) from the land-use sector. There is a need for a clear definition of the distinction between natural and anthropogenic sources where the capacity of the biosphere to act as a sink is limited by human intervention. In the method adopted here, distinction is made between emissions from activities not associated with biological activity, defined as anthropogenic, and exclusively from biological processes, with or without human intervention. The relative contributions of the different gases is also significantly affected by the time horizon, and hence the assumed global-warming potential adopted for the analysis.\n      </p>", "The North Sea comprises one of the world's most prolific fishing regions but its management has been complicated by the contrasting fishing patterns of its 7 coastal states. Industrial fisheries have prospered while food fisheries have declined. Overfishing of the latter has been recognised for over 100 years and currently stocks of demersal food fish are in a seriously depleted state. As a result, total allowable catches for major demersal species have fluctuated dramatically in recent years. This paper analyses the problems of renewable resource management under conditions of extreme uncertainty. It examines the relationship between the Common Fisheries Policy and the system of devolved quota management adopted by the UK government for its North Sea sector, and concludes that neither system is particularly well adapted to cope with the problems posed by uncertainty.\n      </p>", "This paper assesses future population data collection in the UK with reference to international trends, which suggest a retreat from census-taking in the face of enumeration challenges and the emergence of potential administrative sources. Some of the greatest strengths and weaknesses of contemporary censuses are explicitly geographical in nature. Key requirements of a geographical base for the transition from censuses to administrative sources are examined and the need for research on appropriate definitions and address-level georeferencing identified. The design of future output geographies is considered and an assessment undertaken of the possibility of maintaining current output geography as the basis for neighbourhood-level research.\n      </p>"], "words": {"all": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concept": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lack": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "focus": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "received": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "talks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remarkably": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poorly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uneven": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "calculate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subjected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "young": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "to": {"number": 30, "prob": 0.00024843794641193494}, "those": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "risk": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "continues": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resistance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "governments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "perceived": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "sedimentary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planning": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "indices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurrence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "japanese": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "literature": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "empirical": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "past": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surrounding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "value": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trends,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "further": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "acid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "targets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "universities": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "index": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consistently": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "experiment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "volatile": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policymakers,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "goes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fractional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "international": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "firms": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "increasing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "filled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scenery": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "led": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "behavior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "men": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "jointly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "water": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reported": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explore": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "groups": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "making": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "change": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "contraction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geology,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "receive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "study": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "vulnerability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sustainability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "experience": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controversy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "changes": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "concerned": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "followed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "geography": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exercise": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "aimed": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "tidal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "crisis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "landscape": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "use": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "wealth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "consumption": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "resurgence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objectives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "governance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "centrality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "archives": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "markets": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "populations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apparent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "charity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 21, "prob": 0.00017390656248835446}, "challenge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reviews": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adequately": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appraisal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "control": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hedonic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "challenging": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "household": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "airflows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "council": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sought": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "provide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "how": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explores": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "after": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "islamic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "membership": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "data": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "a": {"number": 26, "prob": 0.00021531288689034364}, "natural": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "element": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "producer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "over": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "paper": {"number": 20, "prob": 0.00016562529760795664}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statistical": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "japan": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "industries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rapidly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "downsizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "non": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "good": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "widely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "material": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "investigated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strategic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provision": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "developments": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "represents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "netherlands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "equality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "always": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rocks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "capability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "each": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "higher": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prevailing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schemes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "financial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primarily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "series": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "energy": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "frequency": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "namely,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "et": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "out": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "funding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wholly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increase": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "kingdom,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "safety": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emerged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dioxide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surprise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "newly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "integrated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "appointments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "base": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fixed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benefits": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "created": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "british": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "adjustment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geomorphology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retail": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "south": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "features": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "distal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "number": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "one": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comprises": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "array": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "priority": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "little": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "management": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "service": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "utilization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "introduction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "twenty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "households": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "returns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "convention": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cycle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collapse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relationship": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "that": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "manipulation": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "fuzzy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "than": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "wide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meteorology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "future": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outcome": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "and": {"number": 39, "prob": 0.00032296933033551544}, "fashion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "false": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "urban": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "substantial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alike": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "have": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "need": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "apparently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "traditionally": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "societal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flexibility,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "devolution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labour": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "objective": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "performance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "korean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effectiveness": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "geographers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "towards": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "hourly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "price": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "measures": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assesses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exercised": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sponsored": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "amongst": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considered": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "charitable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "which": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "sources": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "europe,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "institutions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sector": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "atmosphere": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "phenomenon": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "show": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reductions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attempts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spaces": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "greenhouse": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "specialists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scarce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "debate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decade": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ground": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "impact": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "generation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "daily": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "media,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loss": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dominant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hiv": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "capital": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cannot": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "during": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "areas": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contributes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resource": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "floods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "banking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sustainable": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "freshwater": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reference": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "catastrophic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "national": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "testing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "defense": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "migration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exploited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "draws": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "opening": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determined": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "approach": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "across": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "we": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "korea": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "terms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "venture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sold": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carbon": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "assess": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "both": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "climate": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "perceptions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "last": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "sediments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "region": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "event": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "against": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "foreign": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "became": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "context": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "logic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behaviour": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "synoptic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insurance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "among": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cancer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "point": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "regulated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "chilean": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organisational": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "considers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expensive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decline": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "targeting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beef": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "union": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "political": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "been": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "extraction": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "firm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "partly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "eastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drugs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gas": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "modelling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seeks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prices": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "general": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "present": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "censuses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "choices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aim": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "entrepreneurial": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "teachers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "policies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "country": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flooding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "guide": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studied": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alcoholic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "engaged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arrangements": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "properties": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "attributed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 52, "prob": 0.0004306257737806873}, "examine": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "result": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "education": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "productivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "severity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prior": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inflation,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "media": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cross": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "enumeration": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colorectal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habitats": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "resulting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "european": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "used": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drink": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disaggregated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "levels": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scholars": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "renewable": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "recent": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "lower": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "task": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "undertakes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "well": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "analysis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "maker": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "components": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "claims": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 133, "prob": 0.0011014082290929116}, "paradigm": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "soviet": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "responsible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proposed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "domestic": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "underlying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aspect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adding": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "unique": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "royal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concerns": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "kingdom": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "aspects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "around": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "demands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fieldwork": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measurement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inflation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "private": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "background": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "world": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "variants": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "precipitation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "retreat": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "furniture": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ponds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "like": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "schools": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "manifest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "facing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mthfr": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "either": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sparse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "become": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "replacement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "some": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "competition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "economic": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "export": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examples": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questionnaire": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "employment": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "transport": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ozone": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "throughout": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "demonstrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decision": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "market": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "innovation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "glacial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "intersections": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "limitations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "littoral": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "manufacturing": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "by": {"number": 11, "prob": 9.109391368437615e-05}, "on": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "about": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "census": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "central": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "working": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "of": {"number": 82, "prob": 0.0006790637201926223}, "industry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "surge": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "practical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "concentrations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "within": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "philanthropy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mba": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "education,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spinal": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "coastal": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "inventories": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statistics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spending": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "housing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "question": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "continental": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "start": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "low": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "way": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "labelling": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "interrelation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographical": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "magazine,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "premises,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "promote": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "made": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "whether": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wholesale": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "official": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "up": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "placed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growth": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "emissions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uk": {"number": 27, "prob": 0.00022359415177074146}, "classes,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "distribution": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "similar": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "irish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "al": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "single": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "moves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 12, "prob": 9.937517856477399e-05}, "regime": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "authoritative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "peace": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "liberalized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "prism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "income": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "department": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "users": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "delivered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "utilities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "important": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "firms,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "uk,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exposure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "land": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "individual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assets": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "described": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "established": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purposes,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "departments": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biotechnology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "requires": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}