{"total_words": 1427, "documents": ["Despite general agreement that river-valley hydrology shapes riparian ecosystems, relevant processes are difficult to distinguish and often inadequately specified in riparian studies. We hypothesize that physical constraints imposed by broad-scale watershed characteristics and river valleys modify local site conditions in a predictable and probabilistic fashion. To test this hypothesis, we employ a series of structural equations that decompose occurrence of riparian ecotypes into regional temperature, catchment storm response, valley hydraulics, and local site wetness via a priori specification of factor structure and ask (1) Is there evidence for multiscale hydrologic control of riparian diversity across Lower Michigan? (2) Do representations of key constraints on flood dynamics distinguish regional patterns of riparian vegetation? (3) How important are these effects? Cross-correlation among geospatial predictors initially obscured much of the variation revealed through analysis of semipartial variance. Causal relationships implied by our model fit with observed variation in riparian conditions (chi-square P = 0.43) and accounted for between 84% and 99% of the occurrence probability of five riparian ecotypes at 94 locations. Results suggest strong variation in the effects of regional climate, and both the relative importance and spatial scale of hydrologic factors influencing riparian vegetation through explicit quantification of relative flood frequency, duration, intensity, and relative overall inundation. Although climate and hydrology are not the only determinants of riparian conditions, interactions of hydrologic sourcing and flood dynamics described by our spatial models drive a significant portion of the variation in riparian ecosystem character throughout Lower Michigan, USA.\n      </p>", "The great epidemic of poliomyelitis which swept New York City and surrounding territory in the summer of 1916 eclipsed all previous global experience of the disease. We draw on epidemiological information that is included in the seminal US Public Health Bulletin 91, 'Epidemiologic studies of poliomyelitis in New York City and the northeastern United States during the year 1916' (Washington DC, 1918), to re-examine the spatial structure of the epidemic. For the main phase of transmission of the epidemic, July-October 1916, it is shown that the maximum concentration of activity of poliomyelitis occurred within a 128-km radius of New York City. Although the integrity of the poliomyelitis cluster was maintained up to approximately 500 km from the metropolitan focus, the level and rate of propagation of disease declined with distance from the origin of the epidemic. Finally, it is shown that the geographical transmission of the epidemic in north-eastern USA probably followed a process of mixed contagious-hierarchical diffusion.\n      </p>", "Laboratory-based surveillance by OzFoodNet in Australia and FoodNet in the USA indicated that the incidence of Campylobacter infections in 2001 in Australia was about nine times higher than in the USA. We assessed whether this disparity could be explained by diff\u00e9rences in the frequency of stool culturing. Using data from population surveys of diarrhoea and symptom profiles for Campylobacter from case-control studies, indices of healthcare behaviour taking into account the severity of Campylobacter infections were calculated. These suggest that culture-confirmed Campylobacter infections underestimate the incidence of community cases by similar ratios in the two countries. The incidence of Campylobacter infections in Australia was about 12 times higher than in the USA after consid\u00e9ration of healthcare System differences.\n      </p>", "The purpose of this article is two-pronged. First, it seeks to identify the factors that seem to lower trust in the USA among South Koreans. These factors weaken the traditionally solid Korea-USA alliance and have led a US expert to call South Korea a \"runaway ally.\" Second, this article empirically tests various explanations of trust using a nationwide survey of South Koreans conducted in 2005. This article employs multiple regression analysis to test the hypothesized relationships. The results indicate that the following factors have a statistically significant impact on trust in the USA: ideological anti-Americanism, short- and long-term factors related to the activities of Americans or the USA, national self-esteem, and American pop culture. /// Le but de cette \u00e9tude est double. D'abord, celle-ci cherche \u00e0 identifier les facteurs qui semblent abaisser la confiance des Cor\u00e9ens du Sud vis-\u00e0-vis des \u00c9tats-Unis. Ces facteurs affaiblissent l'alliance traditionnellement forte entre la Cor\u00e9e et les USA, et ont conduit un expert am\u00e9ricain \u00e0 qualifier la Cor\u00e9e du Sud d' \"alli\u00e9 en fuite\". En second lieu, cette \u00e9tude examine empiriquement diverses explications de la confiance en utilisant une enqu\u00eate des Cor\u00e9ens du Sud conduite dans tout le pays en 2005. Cette \u00e9tude utilise l'analyse de r\u00e9gression multiple pour examiner des relations pr\u00e9sum\u00e9es. Les r\u00e9sultats indiquent que les facteurs suivants ont un impact statistiquement significatif sur la confiance \u00e0 l'\u00e9gard des \u00c9tats-Unis: l'anti-am\u00e9ricanisme id\u00e9ologique, les facteurs \u00e0 court et long terme reli\u00e9s aux activit\u00e9s des Am\u00e9ricains ou des Etats-Unis, la fiert\u00e9 nationale et la pop culture am\u00e9ricaine.\n      </p>", "Modern cladistic analyses support earlier suggestions that the Hymenophyllaceae (the \"filmy ferns\") are basal filicaleans. However, the fossil record of the family is ambiguous. A new fossil fern, Hopetedia praetermissa gen. et sp. nov., from the Upper Triassic Pekin Formation of North Carolina (USA), is described and interpreted as the oldest unequivocal representative of the Hymenophyllaceae based primarily on general frond morphology, indirect evidence for a filmy (membranaceous) habit, and soral position and morphology. Particularly compelling as evidence for the hymenophyllaceous affinity of H. praetermissa is the funneliform structure of the indusium (involucre), which is similar to that found primarilly in the extant Trichomanes (sensu lato) clade. However, the receptacle in H. praetermissa is relatively short and, thus, more like most representatives of the Hymenophyllum (sensu lato) clade. The Triassic age of this fossil is consistent with the basal or near basal position of the Hymenophyllaceae in all recent phylogenetic analyses of the filicalean ferns. Hopetedia preatermissa is evaluated in relationship to several previous reports of fossil Hymenophyllaceae.\n      </p>", "Benthic invertebrates were quantified at summer baseflow from 30 streams draining largely forested watersheds within 7 river catchments (Coosa, Tallapoosa, Tennessee, Black Warrior, Conecuh, Altamaha, Chattahoochee) of 4 Level III ecoregions (Blue Ridge, Southwestern [SW] Appalachians, Piedmont, Southeastern [SE] Plains) of the southeastern USA. The study 1) compared invertebrate distributions classified by large-scale ecoregions against those of small-scale river catchments, and 2) assessed if taxonomic resolution of invertebrate identification (family vs genus/morphospecies) influenced relative classification strength of ecoregions and catchments. Principal components analysis indicated that environmental differences across catchments and ecoregions were associated more with variation in baseflow water chemistry (e.g., total alkalinity, conductivity) than with geomorphic or geographic variables. Using simple community presence/absence measures, richness of Ephemeroptera, Plecoptera, and Trichoptera (EPT richness) followed the pattern Blue Ridge &gt; SW Appalachians = Piedmont = SE Plains. When grouped by catchment, total and EPT richness tended to be lower in lowland than in upland regions. However, Bray-Curtis presence/absence similarities coupled with flexible UPGMA (unweighted pair-group method using arithmetic averages) analyses revealed that invertebrate assemblages were distinctive among ecoregions both at the genus/morphospecies and family levels. Differences in overall similarity among ecoregions were highly significant, with upland Blue Ridge and lowland SE Plains streams displaying the lowest interecoregional similarity, and Piedmont and SW Appalachians streams displaying the highest similarity. Faunal similarity within a given ecoregion approximated that observed within individual catchments. Family-level groupings were almost as robust at discriminating catchments and ecoregions as were classifications derived from genus/morphospecies. The ecoregion concept appears to be as useful a classification scheme as that derived from smaller river catchments in the delineation of stream invertebrate distributions in the southeastern USA.\n      </p>", "In order to test the veracity of currently accepted ideas about Northern Spotted Owl (Strix occidentalis caurind) habitat associations in the Klamath Province of northern California (USA) we compared different habitat descriptions using predictive habitat-association models. The current description used by federal agencies and new descriptions based on research results and field biologists' best estimates of owl nesting/roosting habitat and foraging habitat were evaluated. For each habitat description, three habitat metrics and three forms of the relationship between owl occupancy and quantities of these habitat metrics were evaluated, each at three spatial scales. Our refined descriptions of owl nesting and roosting, and foraging habitat, were better at predicting owl occupancy than the habitat description currently used by federal land managers. The best-fitting model for predicting owl occupancy was at the 200-ha scale and exhibited a pseudo-threshold relationship to nesting and roosting habitat and a quadratic relationship to foraging habitat. This model correctly classified owl-occupied sites 94% of the time for the developmental data set and between 85% and 92% of the time on four independent test data sets. The current description of owl habitat in northern California ranked among the worst in the collection of models we examined. The testing of multiple models on the four independent data sets was very important for determining the goodness-of-fit and predictive capabilities of the best models. We explored the use of the best-fitting model to predict number of owls on several independent study areas and found a strong correlation between predicted and observed number of owls. The results of this study are beginning to be used to make land-management decisions regarding harvesting and prescribed-burning activities on federal forestlands and were specifically designed to be amenable to adaptive resource management.\n      </p>", "Tropical dry forests are one of the world's most endangered forest types. Currently there are no comparative data on extent or levels of species richness for remaining forest fragments. This research identifies landscape metrics and spectral indices that can be applied at the stand and patch level to predict woody-plant species richness in tropical dry forests. This study was undertaken in 18 stands of tropical dry forest with nine sites in the Florida Keys and nine sites within an urban-agricultural matrix in mainland Florida, USA. Woody-plant species richness was quantified at the stand level (belt transects totaling 500 m2) and patch level (presence/absence data for 65 native tropical plants $\\leq 2.5 cm dbh$ ) for all study sites. Landsat Enhanced Thematic Mapper Plus (ETM +) satellite images (pixel resolution 30 x 30 m) were used to assess the utility of landscape metrics (forest patch area, nearest neighbor distance, shape index, boundary complexity) and spectral indices (normalized-difference vegetation index [NDVI] for nine pixels and 500 pixels directly over transects, and all pixels in the forest patch area) for predicting stand- and patch-level species richness. The 18 stands of tropical dry forest sampled in this study included 4248 woody plants, representing 71 species. Islands in the Florida Keys had higher levels of woody-plant species richness than mainland sites. There was a significant positive relationship between mean NDVI for the nine pixels over each stand and stand species richness and a significant negative relationship between species richness and standard deviation of NDVI for nine pixels over each stand. The density of evergreen plants explained 66% of the variability in mean NDVI. At the patch level, forest patch area and mean NDVI at the stand, 500-pixel, and patch level were all positively associated with patch species richness. However, combining forest patch area with NDVI significantly improved the prediction of patch species richness. Results from this study support the species-energy theory at the level of a forest stand and patch and suggest that a first-order approximation of woody-plant species richness in stands and patches of tropical dry forest is possible in biodiversity hot spots.\n      </p>", "Factual Fictions: Narrative Truth and the Contemporary American Documentary Novel by Leonora Flis offers an evaluation of the postmodern documentary novel and literary journalism, which emerged in the USA in the 1960s and in Europe a little later. While evaluating the literary importance of the two genres and presenting their socio-cultural context, this study discusses the pertinence of truth and referentiality and focuses on the selected texts by Truman Capote, Norman Mailer, John Berendt, and Don DeLillo. Flis's book is characterized by a multicultural approach that also examines postmodern Slovene literary and journalistic production.\n      </p>", "Quality of life research data have significant implications for the social and public policy in the USA as it can be used to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of various permutations of treatment as well as the 'human effectiveness' of health care system restructuring. The USA spends more on health care per capita than any other industralized nation, yet on major health indicators, such as infant mortality rate, this expenditure is not related to beneficial effects on the community. When epidemiological and quality of life data drive national health care planning, improved approaches to the management of health service delivery may become apparent. Ultimately only the patient or consumer can determine if a particular treatment is successful; the same may be true for health care reform.\n      </p>", "In most forested watersheds, riparian areas constitute a small proportion of the total land area, yet their contributions to overall plant diversity can be significant. However, little information is available on which portion of riparian areas (defined as functional ecotones comprising all fluvial landforms, including floodplains, terraces, and connecting hillslopes) contribute the most to plant species richness and at what scale these contributions are most evident. In order to better understand the contributions riparian areas provide to plant species richness in forested watersheds, we examined herbaceous ground-flora richness and similarity from 56 reaches in eight different valley types (defined as unique combinations of stream order, surficial geology, and stream-valley constraint) across the northern Lake States, USA. We analyzed these data at two scales: (1) at the individual reach scale; and (2) at the watershed scale by pooling individual reaches by valley type. At the reach scale and regardless of valley type, there is not significant (&lt;50%) species similarity among landforms; however, levels of species richness are not significantly different among the floodplain, terrace-slope complex landforms (e.g., terraces, connecting hillslopes), and adjacent uplands. This suggests that individual reaches (representing an individual riparian area) may not provide significant contributions to overall plant species richness. However, when individual reaches are pooled by valley type, the floodplains are almost always more species rich than the terrace-slope complex and upland landforms, suggesting that the environmental heterogeneity associated with a variety of individual reaches can be responsible for greater species richness provided by riparian areas at the watershed level. Our results also suggest that floodplains are not the only riparian landform that adds significantly to the overall plant diversity of watersheds, especially in areas with broad, unconstrained valleys. In these systems, the terrace-slope complex landforms comprising a series of broad fluvial terraces and connecting slopes have significantly higher species richness than the adjacent uplands. Consequently, it is apparent that, to maintain plant diversity at both local and regional levels, efforts should focus on all fluvial landforms of the riparian area, not just their floodplains. This is particularly relevant when management of riparian areas uses fixed-width riparian management zones (RMZs). In our study areas, 33 m-wide RMZs (the recommended width in each of our study states) often failed to include fluvial landforms beyond the floodplain. The consequence is that areas of increased species richness and/or unique plant assemblages in the watershed may receive inadequate protection during forest-management operations.\n      </p>", "Aim To document ectoparasitic arthropods of terrestrial vertebrates inhabiting barrier islands and to offer preliminary interpretations. Location The coast of Georgia, USA, with most data presented for St Catherines, Sapelo, Jekyll, and Cumberland islands. Methods Ectoparasites were collected and identified from hundreds of live-trapped mammals, birds, and reptiles. Ticks and louse-flies were also collected by dragging or flagging a white cloth through vegetation. Some ectoparasites were recovered from host nests or roosting sites. Literature records and specimen records from the US National Tick Collection supplemented these data. Results Inventories of ectoparasite species recovered from vertebrates on each island are provided. Many new records and a small number of undescribed species are reported. Main conclusions Compared with most ectoparasite faunas associated with the same host species on the adjacent mainland, ectoparasite species diversity on the barrier islands is depauperate. Possible reasons for this phenomenon are discussed including ecological, geological, and vicariant factors. Tick faunas do not appear to be depauperate on the islands probably because immature stages attach to visiting or migrating birds. Some host-ectoparasite associations that we recorded are atypical for mainland faunas. This trend has also been recorded in some previous surveys of insular ectoparasites and may be related to vacant ectoparasite niches on some islands.\n      </p>", "Pre-Euro-American settlement forest structure and fire regimes for Jeffrey pine-white fir, red fir-western white pine, and lodgepole pine forests in the Lake Tahoe Basin (California and Nevada, USA) were identified using stand structural analysis and fire scars based on measurements of stumps of trees that were cut in the 19th century. Comparisons of the presettlement reference with contemporary conditions were then used to determine how and why contemporary conditions deviate from presettlement conditions and to guide ecological restoration. Contemporary forests varied in different ways compared to the presettlement reference. Contemporary Jeffrey pine-white fir forests have more and smaller trees, more basal area, less structural variability, and trees with a more clumped spatial distribution than presettlement forests. The mean presettlement fire-return interval for Jeffrey pine-white fir forests was 11.4 yr, and most (&gt;90%) fires burned in the dormant season; no fire was recorded in the study area after 1871. Similar differences were identified in the structural characteristics of contemporary and presettlement red fir-western white pine and lodgepole pine forests. However, 19th-century logging changed the composition of red fir-western white pine forests, and these forests now have more lodgepole pine than red fir or western white pine. Comparison of contemporary forests with the presettlement reference suggests that restoration treatments in Jeffrey pine-white fir forests should include: (1) density and basal-area reduction, primarily of smaller diameter trees; (2) reintroduction of frequent fire as a key regulating disturbance process; and (3) increasing structural heterogeneity by shifting clumped tree distributions to a more random pattern. Restoration treatments in red fir-western white pine forests should include: (1) a shift in species composition by a density and basal-area reduction of lodgepole pine; and (2) increasing structural heterogeneity by shifting tree distributions to a more random pattern. In lodgepole pine forests the restoration emphasis should be: (1) a density and basal-area reduction of small-diameter trees; and (2) an increase in structural heterogeneity that shifts tree spatial patterns from clumped to a more random distribution. Reintroduction of fire as a regulating process into high-elevation red fir-western white pine and lodgepole pine forests can be viewed as a longer-term restoration goal. The method for quantifying presettlement reference conditions from stumps complements, or is an alternative to, methods based on dendroecology or repeat photography.\n      </p>", "Models based on generalized plant physiological theory represent a promising approach for describing vegetation responses to environmental drivers on large scales but must be tested for their ability to reproduce features of real vegetation. We tested the capability of a generalized vegetation model (LPJ-GUESS) to simulate vegetation structural and compositional dynamics under various disturbance regimes at the transition between prairie, northern hardwoods, and boreal forest in the Great Lakes region of the United States. LPJ-GUESS combines detailed representations of population dynamics as commonly used in forest gap models with the same mechanistic representations of plant physiological processes as adopted by a dynamic global vegetation model (the Lund-Potsdam-Jena [LPJ] model), which has been validated from the stand to the global scale. The model does not require site-specific calibration. The required input data are information on climate, atmospheric CO2 concentration, and soil texture class, as well as information on generally recognized species traits (broad-leaved vs. needle-leaved, general climatic range, two fireresistance classes, shade-tolerance class, and maximum longevity). Model predictions correspond closely to observed patterns of vegetation dynamics and standing biomass at an old-growth eastern hemlock (Tsuga canadensis)/hardwood forest (Sylvania Wilderness, Michigan), an old-growth forest remnant from the \"Great Lakes Pines Forest\" (Itasca State Park, Minnesota), and a presettlement savanna (Cedar Creek Natural History Area, Minnesota). At all three sites, disturbance (wind or fire) strongly controls species composition and stand biomass. The model could be used to simulate vegetation dynamics on a regional basis or under past or future climates and atmospheric CO2 levels, without a need for reparameterization.\n      </p>", "This paper examines the sex differential in US life expectancy, the changes in this differential over the past 25 years and into the near future, and the apportionment of these differences among the leading causes of death. Movements in the sex differential over the years 1960-1985 were largely determined by changes in the accidents and violence and heart disease causes of death. The use of the life expectancy measure emphasizes the importance of those causes of death that impact most severely at younger ages. The historical analysis is extended through projections of life expectancies by sex. In the projections increased cancer mortality among males contributes to a widening differential, tempered by greater progress against heart disease for males.\n      </p>", "This paper compares the development of genetic testing for breast cancer (BRCA testing) in the USA and the UK. It argues that national political cultures played an important role in how these genetic testing technologies were shaped, and that the shapes of these technologies had important implications for the users of these systems. In order to demonstrate the roles of national social and political elements in the development of new genetic testing technologies, I introduce the concept of a technology's architecture, which is made up of components and the specific ways in which these components are assembled to fulfill particular functions. In the USA, four very different BRCA testing systems initially emerged. However, one biotechnology company, Myriad Genetics, eventually used its legal and economic position to become the sole provider of testing. It offered BRCA testing the way many other laboratory tests were provided in the USA, available to anyone through any physician. The shape of this testing service had important implications for its participants, defining the client as a consumer who could demand access to any of Myriad's laboratory services, but could not choose among testing systems. In the UK, the government-run National Health Service provided testing through regional genetics clinics, using family history information to assess risks and triage care. Clients in the UK were defined as citizens and patients, who had the right to equal access to the testing system but could not demand any specific services.\n      </p>", "Accumulations of sunken drift macrophytes are known to stimulate high secondary production in submarine canyon heads, but the details of macroinvertebrate colonization of these subsidies are poorly known. I conducted a series of algal and macrofanual sampling programs and manipulative algal-placement experiments in different Monterey Canyon head sub-habitats and seasons from 1988 to 1991 to elucidate the dynamics of macroinvertebrate associations with sunken drift macrophytes, severe annual sediment-flushing events, and the physical and chemical changes associated with these agents of subsidy and disturbance. Conducting these investigations in such a highly disturbed and subsidized setting, i.e., with multiple niche axes, would enable novel insights into how biological communities are structured. Up to $5.7 \\times 10^5 individual macrofauna/m^2$ inhabited naturally occurring patches of sunken drift algae in Monterey Canyon's shallow head (Monterey Bay, California, USA), and the seasonally changing mosaics of macrophyte subsidies led to conspicuously converse responses of amphipods and polychaetes. Amphipods dominated natural patches of sunken algae during winter and spring, while polychaetes dominated during late summer and fall. This community shift corresponded with temporal changes in algal composition, dissolved oxygen (DO), and annual flushing disturbances. Repeated algal-colonization experiments in different habitats further highlighted the contrasting responses of amphipods and polychaetes to drift algae and other habitat characteristics. Mean abundances of motile amphipods increased between 8- and 148-fold within five days after placement of Enteromorpha patches (up to $&gt;4 \\times 10^5 individuals/m^2$ ) while abundances less than doubled in Macrocystis treatments. Amphipod species colonized Enteromorpha treatments in significantly greater numbers than any controls irrespective of date and sub-habitat. Polychaete species did not colonize algae treatments in significant numbers within five days, but experiments did reveal significant temporal and habitat differences in this group. Sampling of swimming macrobenthos in different canyon habitats and depths (including 30, 100, 300, and 500 m) revealed temporal and habitat patterns in crustaceans and provided explanations of guild functional contrasts. Attributes of two \"evolutionary renegades,\" the phytic polychaete Platynereis bicanaliculata and the hypoxia-tolerant crustacean Nebalia sp., indicated that adaptive constraints inherent in the phenologies and life histories of the two partitioned guilds help reinforce normal functional boundaries. Maximum species richness at intermediate DO and time since disturbance resulted from complementary responses of the two guilds to temporal and habitat characteristics that are shaped by an interacting regime of algal subsidy, hypoxia, and severe flushing disturbance.\n      </p>", "The associations between exogenous hormones, reproductive history, and colon cancer were investigated in a case-control study among women aged 30-62 years. The study was conducted in the Seattle, Washington (USA) metropolitan area between 1985 and 1989 and included 193 incident cases of colon cancer and 194 controls. There was little overall association between colon cancer and oral contraceptive use, parity, age at first birth, hysterectomy or oophorectomy status, or age at menopause. Use of noncontraceptive hormones at or after age 40, most likely hormone replacement therapy (HRT), was associated with decreased risk of colon cancer (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 0.60, 95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 0.35-1.01), particularly among women with more than five years of use (OR = 0.47, 95 percent CI = 0.24-0.91). While results from previous studies have not been consistent, any protective effect of HRT against colon cancer would be important given the continuing debate over its potential risks and benefits.\n      </p>", "Communities that live in linear systems such as streams or riparian zones may be particularly sensitive to changes in habitat connectivity. I examined the relationship between environmental variables, the number of low-head dams downstream of each reach, and fish species richness in first-order streams in Wisconsin, USA. The analysis was based on an extensive database of 13 628 localities and ~180 000 individual collection records. The environmental variables included climate, elevation, distance from nearest town, and network-specific measures such as link number (the number of first-order tributaries upstream of the current reach), downstream link number, stream order, and fractal dimension. The link number of the downstream reach was the strongest broad-scale correlate of fish species richness in first-order streams. Path analysis of a simple directed graph suggested that, although downstream dams have a significant effect on fish species richness, this effect is small by comparison to the influence of water quantity and summer maximum temperatures. From a management perspective, the results imply that modifications of water volume and temperature are greater threats to fish communities than the decrease in connectivity that results from low-head dams.\n      </p>", "The spread of HIV from injection drug users and male homosexuals into the general US population is simulated, using survey data on sexual behavior. We estimate that approximately 150,000 persons are currently infected with HIV through heterosexual transmission, the majority of whom are female partners of drug-using or bisexual men. The estimated number of AIDS cases generated by the model is close to the CDC statistics for males, but much higher for females. We conclude that prevention efforts should be targeted towards these high risk groups rather than the general population.\n      </p>", "Extrahepatic bile duct (EBD) cancers are rare and their risk factors are poorly understood. Except for a history of gallbladder diseases, evidence for other potential risk factors, such as excess body weight and use of tobacco and alcohol, is scant. A case-control study was conducted to examine risk factors for EBD cancers, including ampulla of Vater tumors, among Los Angeles County (California, USA) residents. Included were 105 histologically confirmed cases diagnosed between 1 March 1985 and 31 October 1989, aged 30 to 84 years, and 255 population-based controls frequency-matched to cases by gender and age in five-year groups. Cases and controls were interviewed about their demographic background and potential risk factors, including tobacco, alcohol, and beverage consumption, diet, medical history, and reproductive factors among women. For deceased cases, their next-of-kin were interviewed. Risk of cancers of both subsites of extrahepatic duct and ampulla of Vater increased with smoking of cigars/pipes or cigarettes. For both men and women, risks increased twofold or more among those who smoked cigarettes for 50 or more pack-years. While a history of gallbladder diseases substantially increased the risk of cancers of both subsites, excess body mass index was associated only with cancer of extrahepatic duct subsite (odds ratio [OR] = 4.0, 95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 1.1-14.2 among men and OR = 2.7; CI = 0.8-9.4 among women in the highest quartile relative to those in the lowest quartile). Alcohol drinkers had lower risks compared with nondrinkers, but no consistent trend was observed with amount consumed. No consistent patterns of risks were found for coffee, tea, diet, occupation, or reproductive factors. These results suggest that lifestyle-related factors, such as use of tobacco and excess body weight, play a role in EBD cancer risk.\n      </p>", "Instream large woody debris (LWD) provides several critical functions in riverine ecosystems, including sediment and nutrient retention, salmonid habitat enhancement, and stable colonization sites for incipient floodplain vegetation. In this study, the size and species composition of LWD in the Queets River, Washington, USA, were examined and compared with the size and species composition of forest trees from which they originated, in order to determine a depletion rate for LWD in the active channel. Increment cores from instream LWD were crossdated against cores from riparian conifers to estimate the year each LWD piece was recruited to the river channel. Debris pieces that were decayed or otherwise incompetent to provide cores were dated using standard 14C techniques. Hardwood species (Alnus rubra, Populus trichocarpa, and Acer macrophyllum) were better represented among riparian forests than among instream LWD, and conifers (Picea sitchensis, Tsuga heterophylla, Pseudotsuga menziesii, and Thuja plicata) were better represented among LWD than in the adjacent riparian forest, suggesting that hardwoods were depleted from the channel faster than conifers. The depletion rate of coniferous LWD from the channel followed an exponential decay curve in which 80% of LWD pieces were &lt;50 yr old, although some pieces have remained for up to 1400 yr. Although most wood is depleted from the channel within 50 yr, some wood is apparently buried in the floodplain and exhumed centuries later by lateral channel migration. The calculated depletion constant of 0.030 is equivalent to a half-life of ~20 yr, meaning that virtually all of the wood will have disappeared within 50 yr. This rapid depletion suggests that harvesting large conifers from the riparian zones of large streams could have adverse impacts within three to five decades.\n      </p>", "River floodplain landscapes are diverse and dynamic, yet little is known about long-term changes in land-cover patterns in these systems. We quantified floodplain land-cover change between the 1930s and the 1990s along nine 12-21-km reaches of the Wisconsin River by analyzing and digitally classifying 200 historic aerial photos corrected against modern orthophotographs. Several metrics of landscape structure were used to determine changes in amount and connectivity of deciduous forest, wetlands, grassland, and agriculture within the 100-yr floodplain. Deciduous forest increased by up to 51% between the 1930s and the 1990s. However, number of patches declined, and edge density increased in almost every reach, indicating that amount and connectivity of forest cover increased but that forest patches became more complex in shape. Grasslands declined, and the number, edge density, and mean size of grassland patches illustrated a progression to fewer, smaller, isolated remnants. Wetland patch dynamics demonstrated complex and divergent patterns, as wetland cover decreased in northern reaches, increased in patch density but not mean patch size in the central region, and increased in both patch density and patch size in the south. Agricultural areas declined in eight of nine reaches, and tended to fragment into fewer, smaller patches. These trends underscore a complicated and dynamic pattern of landscape change over a relatively short time scale. We explored realistic conservation scenarios to determine how disparate strategies would affect floodplain forest connectivity in four of the study reaches. One approach filled gaps in the buffer zone immediately adjacent to the river channel; the other reverted small or large agricultural patches to forest cover. Filling buffer zone gaps resulted in dramatic changes in forest connectivity in one half of the reaches, whereas greatest forest connectivity was gained by reverting agricultural patches to forest in the other half of the reaches. These scenarios emphasize that the way that forest conservation occurs (e.g., filling gaps vs. patch conversion) is just as significant as how much land is actually protected, and the ideal management option must be tailored to the specific land-cover arrangements of a given river reach. In addition to evaluating changes in forest connectivity, the number of landowners that would be affected by conservation strategies was determined. Greatest increases in forest connectivity under the buffer scenarios involved from 15 to 21 different landowners, whereas the greatest increases under the reversion scenarios affected from 14 (using several large agricultural parcels) to 67 (using many small parcels) landowners. Thus the number of landowners affected by different management scenarios represents a critical constraint on idealized conservation plans. Such scenarios may prove useful in floodplain management and facilitate synthesis of ecological research and land management.\n      </p>", "Positivism has been declared dead in sociological theory circles, yet questions remain as to its viability among researchers. The authors present diagnostic evidence about positivism in sociological practice through a content analysis of journal articles published in the late 1960s and the late 1980s in the sociological journals of the USA and Britain. Using an index based on seven elements of positivism that were characteristic of the 'theory construction' movement of the late 1960s, the authors find evidence of the effects of time and nation on the use of positivism. Disaggregation of the index reveals that most of the observed change is associated with the elements of 'instrumental' positivism, particularly statistics. The results raise questions about the relationship between theory and research and about sociologists' philosophies of science.\n      </p>", "Collections of fish assemblages from streams in the midwestern United States were used to examine assemblage-level effects of spatial variation in relative abundance of the red shiner, Cyprinella lutrensis, a widespread and highly abundant minnow species. This species has been widely introduced outside its native range and is suspected to have impacted local assemblages where it has become established. Given its overall dominance of midwest fish assemblages, and its suspected impact on assemblage structure, we asked if structure of the residual fish assemblages (red shiners excluded) was a function of the relative abundance of red shiners throughout the native range of C. lutrensis in the USA. Although red shiner ranked first in abundance in half of the assemblages and numerically dominated 28% of the assemblages, red shiner relative abundance in an assemblage had no detectable effect on richness, diversity, evenness, or complexity of other (residual) species in the assemblage. Relative abundance of red shiners did have a positive effect on the abundance of benthic minnows in the residual assemblage, but not on water column minnows that are ecologically most like red shiners. Environmental factors did not explain a significant amount of the variation in relative abundance of red shiners, but did explain some variation in residual assemblage structure. Although widespread and numerically dominant at many localities, red shiners do not appear to have a strong impact on local fish assemblage structure within their native range. This is in sharp contrast to the reported negative effects of red shiners on fish assemblages where they have been introduced outside their native range.\n      </p>", "The Northwest Atlantic population of the Roseate Tern (Sterna dougallii) is largely confined to a small breeding area along the northeast coast of the USA between 40\u00b0 and 42\u00b0N. This population was listed as endangered in the USA in 1987 because it was dangerously concentrated into a few breeding sites (85% on two islands in the 1980s). The nesting population in the area from Long Island, New York to Cape Cod, Massachusetts has been studied intensively since 1987, in conjunction with a program of management of the breeding colonies. This paper summarizes the results of the research program and discusses the extent to which it has contributed to effective management. The regional population now numbers about 4,000 breeding pairs and has been increasing slowly since 1987, except between 1991 and 1992 when it declined by about 17%. Noteworthy features of the demographic data collected since 1987 are: skewed adult sex-ratio (about 127 F to 100 M), high average productivity (1.0-1.2 fledglings per pair), low annual adult survival (0.83), and probably low survival from fledging to first breeding (about 0.2). This species is a specialized forager and may be limited within this region by the distribution of suitable feeding sites. When this regional population was listed as endangered in 1987, managers postulated that predation and displacement by gulls were important factors limiting numbers and productivity. Research since 1987 has suggested that the primary effect of gulls is to limit the number of secure sites available for nesting, and that high post-fledging mortality and skewed sex-ratios are probably more important as limiting factors on population size. Research activities have contributed both directly and indirectly to management of the regional population, but it has taken longer than expected to obtain needed information on demographic parameters, causes of mortality, and other limiting factors.\n      </p>", "The occurrence and abundance of conifers along climate gradients in the Inland Northwest (USA) was assessed using data from 5082 field plots, 81% of which were forested. Analyses using the Random Forests classification tree revealed that the sequential distribution of species along an altitudinal gradient could be predicted with reasonable accuracy from a single climate variable, a growing-season dryness index, calculated from the ratio of degree-days &gt;5\u00b0C that accumulate in the frost-free season to the summer precipitation. While the appearance and departure of species in an ascending altitudinal sequence were closely related to the dryness index, the departure was most easily visualized in relation to negative degree-days (degree-days &lt;0\u00b0C). The results were in close agreement with the works of descriptive ecologists. A Weibull response function was used to predict from climate variables the abundance and occurrence probabilities of each species, using binned data. The fit of the models was excellent, generally accounting for &gt;90% of the variance among 100 classes.\n      </p>", "Key informant interviews, in-depth interviews and focus groups were conducted to examine ways in which social context influenced the behavior of Brazilian, Colombian and Dominican men who have sex with men. First, we investigated how the social context in the home country affected motivation for migration. Findings suggest that Latino men who have sex with men frequently reported coming to the USA to escape homo-negativity and to achieve greater sexual freedom. The study also examined how the social context encountered in the early years after migration shaped sexual behavior and risk. A majority of the participants reported easy access to sex partners and frequent sexual encounters. The anonymity of living in a gay epicentre such as New York City, often without social connections from the past, was experienced as liberating and conducive to sexual exploration. Moreover, sex in public venues, such as parks and sex cabins, was readily available to those who do not speak English. The tendency to engage in high levels of sexual activity during the early period after arrival in New York City was particularly evident among younger men. Implications for future programme development are discussed alongside prevention efforts targeting migrants during this critical period. /// Des entretiens avec des informateurs-cl\u00e9, des entretiens en profondeur et des groupes cibles ont \u00e9t\u00e9 men\u00e9s pour examiner les processus selon lesquels le contexte social influence les comportements des hommes br\u00e9siliens, colombiens et dominicains qui ont des rapports sexuels avec des hommes. Nous avons d'abord examin\u00e9 comment le contexte social dans le pays d'origine influence la motivation \u00e0 l'\u00e9migration. Les r\u00e9sultats sugg\u00e8rent que chez les hommes latinos qui ont des rapports avec des hommes, les motivations les plus courantes pour \u00e9migrer vers les USA correspondent au d\u00e9sir de fuir l'homo-n\u00e9gativit\u00e9 et d'acc\u00e9der \u00e0 une plus grande libert\u00e9 sexuelle. L'\u00e9tude a \u00e9galement examin\u00e9 comment le contexte social rencontr\u00e9 dans les premi\u00e8res ann\u00e9es d'immigration conditionne les comportements et les prises de risque. La plupart des participants ont d\u00e9clar\u00e9 avoir un acc\u00e8s facile \u00e0 des partenaires sexuels et des rencontres sexuelles fr\u00e9quentes. L'anonymat inh\u00e9rent \u00e0 la vie dans un \u00e9picentre gay comme New York -- souvent sans lien avec les relations sociales pass\u00e9es -- est v\u00e9cu comme lib\u00e9rateur et propice \u00e0 l'exploration sexuelle. De plus, pour les hommes qui ne parlent pas l'anglais, il est facile d'avoir des rapports sexuels dans les lieux publics comme les parcs ou les vid\u00e9o-cabines. La tendance \u00e0 une tr\u00e8s forte activit\u00e9 sexuelle dans la p\u00e9riode qui suit de pr\u00e8s l'arriv\u00e9e \u00e0 New York est particuli\u00e8rement \u00e9vidente chez les hommes les plus jeunes. L'implication de ces r\u00e9sultats pour l'\u00e9laboration de futurs programmes de pr\u00e9vention ciblant les migrants pendant cette p\u00e9riode critique est discut\u00e9e. /// A fin de analizar c\u00f3mo el contexto influye en el comportamiento de hombres brasile\u00f1os, colombianos y dominicanos que tienen relaciones con personas del mismo sexo se llevaron a cabo entrevistas con informantes clave, entrevistas exhaustivas y grupos de discusi\u00f3n. Primero investigamos c\u00f3mo influ\u00eda el contexto social del pa\u00eds de origen en la decisi\u00f3n de emigrar. Los resultados indican que los latinoamericanos que tienen relaciones sexuales con otros hombres muchas veces reconocieron que el motivo de emigrar a los Estados Unidos fue escapar de un ambiente homof\u00f3bico y obtener una mayor libertad sexual. En este estudio tambi\u00e9n examinamos de qu\u00e9 modo el contexto social que descubrieron en los primeros a\u00f1os despu\u00e9s de emigrar defin\u00eda conductas sexuales de riesgo. Una mayor\u00eda de participantes afirmaron que ten\u00edan un f\u00e1cil acceso a parejas sexuales y frecuentes encuentros sexuales. El anonimato de vivir en un epicentro homosexual como Nueva York, muchas veces sin relaciones sociales del pasado, era una experiencia liberadora y contributiva para explorar la sexualidad. Adem\u00e1s, ten\u00edan a su disposici\u00f3n la opci\u00f3n de tener relaciones sexuales en lugares p\u00fablicos, como parques y cabinas sexuales, sin necesidad de saber ingl\u00e9s. Esta tendencia de participar en muchas actividades sexuales durante el primer periodo en que llegan a Nueva York era evidente sobre todo entre los j\u00f3venes varones. Aqu\u00ed planteamos qu\u00e9 repercusiones tendr\u00e1 esto en el desarrollo de futuros programas para la prevenci\u00f3n entre emigrantes durante este periodo cr\u00edtico.\n      </p>", "The American environmental movement is achieving popular support from many sectors of the society. This paper examines the evolution of the American environmental movement from its beginnings in some of the earliest periods in American history when voices in the wilderness warned against indiscriminate distruction of resources, to a point today where environmental concern is changing individual habits and influencing the decision-making process.\n      </p>", "We evaluated the importance of alien species in existing vegetation along wadeable streams of a large, topographically diverse river basin in eastern Oregon, USA; sampling 165 plots (30 x 30 m) across 29 randomly selected 1-km stream reaches. Plots represented eight streamside community types associated with varying elevation, precipitation, and landform. Mantel comparisons, non-metric multidimensional scaling (NMS), and Spearman correlation identified relationships of alien species (n = 60) distribution and relative alien cover (RAC) to native species (n = 355) composition, 28 vegetation descriptors, 31 environmental variables, and 30 disturbance conditions. Alien species occurred in 93% of sample plots, in all community types, and along all sampled stream reaches; with RAC ranging from 0.1% to 47% and 1 to 24 alien species occurring along individual stream reaches.Alien richness and RAC were positively related to native diversity where invasion was limited (RAC &lt; 5%), but negatively where invasion was more severe (RAC &gt; 5%). RAC differed among community types: greatest in arid associations (shrubland/grassland), followed by associations with limited tree canopy cover (meadows, dry forest), and lowest in moist, closed forest associations; suggesting differences in invasion status or vulnerabilities to alien invasion among community types. Alien species, as a group had wider ecological amplitude than natives, and species composition among community types was less distinct when both alien and natives were considered compared to native species only. RAC was negatively related to elevation, precipitation, and tree cover; while positive relationships of RAC occurred with grazing pressure, upstream watershed size, stream order, overall level of exogenous disturbance, limited vegetated buffer, agriculture in the upstream watershed, floodplain or south facing slope locations, and proximity to roads. Taken together, these results suggest possible ecological consequences to streamside vegetation related to alien species and identify indicators of conditions, where invasion may be greatest, offering potential for informing decisions for monitoring and managing alien species.\n      </p>", "Riparian areas in western North America have been characterized as centers of avian diversity, yet little is known about the ways that native species in streamside habitats are affected by development nearby. To address this issue, we examined patterns of habitat use by birds during the 1995-1997 breeding seasons at 16 lowland riparian sites representing an urban-to-rural gradient. As development increased, riparian woodlands tended to have fewer native trees and shrubs, less ground and shrub cover, higher tree densities, and greater canopy closure. Bird species richness also declined as urbanization increased in the surrounding landscape. Canonical correspondence analysis (CCA) revealed that measures of settlement intensity best explained variation in habitat use by riparian birds, although some residual variation was accounted for by differences in woodland understory features. Migrant and low-nesting species were associated with lower-than-average levels of development, whereas resident and cavity-nesting species tended to increase with urbanization. In partial CCA analyses, however, local habitat variables explained twice the variation that measures of settlement did; nearly half of all explained variation could be attributed to local and landscape variables simultaneously. For avian guilds based on migratory, nesting, and foraging behavior, regression analyses showed that the best variables for explaining patterns of habitat use were usually those that reflected levels of urbanization, particularly at broad scales. When the effects of local habitat variation were removed, however, the best variables for explaining residual variation in habitat use tended to describe development at relatively fine scales, especially for species that nested or foraged low for insects or seeds. These species were also the most sensitive to human trail use. Our analyses indicated that bird communities and local habitat conditions in riparian areas were both affected by development in the surrounding landscape. It may be possible to mitigate the negative impacts of human settlement on native birds in streamside woodlands by maintaining or restoring vegetation structure and composition, and by imposing limits on human recreational activity in these habitats.\n      </p>", "Vaginal microbicides are being developed in an attempt to expand women's and men's options for protecting themselves against HIV and other sexually transmitted infections. Taking account of men's attitudes during product development and introduction could increase the likelihood that products are acceptable and used. To capture the perspectives of urban and rural men from a range of cultural settings, we conducted focus group discussions with taxi drivers and farmers in Zimbabwe, Mexico and the USA. These explored HIV/STD risk perception and prevention strategies, desirable characteristics of vaginal products and of a microbicide, and attitudes towards use of a potential product. Men were generally supportive of the idea of a microbicide; urban somewhat more than rural men. Most thought microbicides would be preferable to condoms though many raised concerns about potential side effects. The men wanted these products to be as inexpensive and readily available as condoms, and differed as to whether a woman should have permission from her partner to use it. For them to be widely used, the men thought these products must not only be safe and effective, but should also have no negative effect on sexual pleasure. When a product becomes available, introductory messages must explain the limits on its effectiveness and encourage use with condoms. Further research is needed on definitions of pleasurable sex and the ramifications of this for microbicide formulation, and on partner communication around issues of sexuality and prevention of infection. /// Les microbicides vaginaux permettront aux hommes et aux femmes de mieux se prot\u00e9ger du VIH et d'autres infections sexuellement transmissibles. Tenir compte des attitudes masculines pendant l'\u00e9laboration et l'introduction de ces produits permettrait d'accro\u00eetre leur acceptabilit\u00e9 et leur utilisation. Pour comprendre le point de vue des hommes urbains et ruraux issus de divers milieux culturels, nous avons men\u00e9 des discussions de groupe avec des chauffeurs de taxi et des agriculteurs au Mexique, aux Etats-Unis et au Zimbabwe. Nous avons \u00e9tudi\u00e9 leur perception des risques li\u00e9s au VIH et aux MST et leurs strat\u00e9gies de pr\u00e9vention, les caract\u00e9ristiques souhaitables de produits vaginaux et d'un microbicide, et leurs attitudes \u00e0 l'\u00e9gard de l'utilisation d'un produit potentiel. En g\u00e9n\u00e9ral, les hommes approuvent l'id\u00e9e d'un microbicide, les citadins un peu plus que les ruraux. La plupart pensent que les microbicides sont pr\u00e9f\u00e9rables aux pr\u00e9servatifs bien que beaucoup craignent d'\u00e9ventuels effets secondaires. Les hommes veulent que ces produits soient peu co\u00fbteux et aussi faciles \u00e0 se procurer que les pr\u00e9servatifs, et diff\u00e8rent sur le point de savoir si les femmes doivent demander \u00e0 leur partenaire la permission de les utiliser. Pour devenir largement employ\u00e9s, il faudrait que ces produits soient s\u00fbrs et efficaces, et ne g\u00eanent pas le plaisir sexuel. Quand un produit sera disponible, des messages de pr\u00e9sentation devront expliquer les limites de son efficacit\u00e9 et en encourager l'emploi avec des pr\u00e9servatifs. De plus amples recherches doivent mieux d\u00e9finir les rapports sexuels agr\u00e9ables et en tirer les cons\u00e9quences pour la formulation des microbicides et pour la communication avec les partenaires sur la pr\u00e9vention des infections. /// Los microbicidas vaginales est\u00e1n siendo desarrollados con el fin de ampliar las opciones que tengan los hombres y las mujeres para protegerse del VIH y otras infecciones de transmisi\u00f3n sexual. De tomar en cuenta las actitudes de los hombres durante el desarrollo y la presentaci\u00f3n de los productos, se podr\u00eda mejorar la probabilidad de que \u00e9stos se acepten y se usen. Para captar los puntos de vista de hombres urbanos y rurales de distintos entornos culturales, dirigimos charlas con grupos focales compuestos de taxistas y campesinos en M\u00e9xico, los Estados Unidos y Zimbabwe. En dichas charlas se exploraron la percepci\u00f3n de riesgo de VIH/SIDA y estrategias de prevenci\u00f3n, las caracter\u00edsticas deseables de los productos vaginales y de un microbicida, y actitudes hacia el uso de un producto potencial. En general, los hombres aprobaban la idea de un microbicida, los hombres urbanos un poco m\u00e1s que los rurales. La mayor\u00eda de ellos pensaban que los microbicidas ser\u00edan preferibles a los condones, aunque muchos expresaron preocupaci\u00f3n por los efectos secundarios potenciales. Los hombres quisieran que estos productos fueran tan baratos y f\u00e1ciles de obtener como los condones, pero discreparon en cuanto a si una mujer debe o no tener el permiso de su pareja para usarlos. Para lograr el uso amplio de estos productos, los hombres pensaban que deben ser no solamente seguros y eficaces, sino exentos de efectos negativos sobre el placer sexual. Cuando ya est\u00e9 disponible un producto, los mensajes de presentaci\u00f3n que lo acompa\u00f1en deben explicar los l\u00edmites de su eficacia y promover su uso en conjunto con el cond\u00f3n. Hay que investigar m\u00e1s acerca de las definiciones de relaciones sexuales placenteras y sus ramificaciones en la formulaci\u00f3n de los microbicidas, y tambi\u00e9n acerca de la comunicaci\u00f3n de pareja en relaci\u00f3n a la sexualidad y la prevenci\u00f3n de infecciones.\n      </p>", "Fire severity, frequency, and extent are expected to change dramatically in coming decades in response to changing climatic conditions, superimposed on the adverse cumulative effects of various human-related disturbances on ecosystems during the past 100 years or more. To better gauge these expected changes, knowledge of climatic and human influences on past fire regimes is essential. We characterized the temporal and spatial properties of fire regimes in ponderosa pine forests of the southern San Juan Mountains of southwestern Colorado by collecting 175 fire-scarred tree samples from nine sites across a wide range of topographic settings. All tree rings and fire scars were dated using standard dendrochronological techniques. Fire-free intervals were statistically modeled using the Weibull distribution to provide quantitative measures that characterized the historical range of variation in pre-EuroAmerican fire regimes. Fires during our reference period were more frequent in the low elevation ponderosa pine forests (6-10 yr) than in the high elevation, mixed conifer forests (18-28 yr). Fires at lower elevations were predominantly low-severity, isolated fires. Fires during some years (e.g., 1748) were spatially extensive throughout the entire mountain range. Intervals that delimited significantly long fire-free periods ranged from 10-19 yr (low elevation) to 27-50 yr (high elevation). Fire histories were similar between the eastern and western portions of the mountain range, although we found significant evidence of topographic isolation on fire regimes at one site. Pre-1880 fires primarily occurred in the dormant season, and we found no temporal changes in past fire seasonality. We found no compelling evidence that Native Americans influenced fire regimes in our study sites. We found a hiatus in fire occurrence between 1750 and 1770 that we believe was likely related to weakened El Ni\u00f1o-Southern Oscillation activity, an extended series of cool-phase Pacific Decadal Oscillation events, and weakened monsoonal moisture, all possibly entrained in an invasive air mass typical of locations that are more northerly. In addition, pre-1880 fires occurred during years of severe drought, conditioned by above average moisture conditions in preceding years. The 20th century is characterized by a near complete absence of fires (fire-free interval of &gt;100 yr), suggesting future wildfires may be more widespread and ecologically severe compared to pre-1880 fires.\n      </p>", "Native pine-forest streams from Maine and North Carolina, USA, and exotic pine-forest streams from New Zealand were compared to assess the effects of geographic location on three aspects of community structure: (1) taxonomic composition, (2) trophic structure (summarized in terms of functional feeding groups), and (3) food web structure (as connectivity food webs). In addition, pine-forest assemblages in New Zealand were compared to assemblages from New Zealand native forest and grassland streams. Taxonomic similarity was, as expected, low for invertebrates, but there were strong similarities in the algal assemblages in different geographic locations. Trophic structure analysis was unable to distinguish either geographic or land-use effects. Food web analysis revealed structural similarities between the pine-forest streams, regardless of location, but there were clear differences among land uses in New Zealand. Pine-forest streams were typified by food webs with few algal species, low internal connectance and a relatively square shape. Grassland food webs were more triangular in shape and exhibited high internal connectance, while native forest food webs had intermediate characteristics. The results show that the native stream biota, despite a distinct species composition, can adapt to a novel riparian vegetation type and produce trophic and food web structures that are difficult to distinguish from those in the country of origin.\n      </p>", "Packera sanguisorboides is endemic to the Sangre de Cristo and Sacramento Mountains of New Mexico, USA. As such, its distribution spans the boundary between two major floristic regions: the southern Rocky Mountain region and the Madrean region. Chloroplast DNA haplotype polymorphism patterns in populations from both regions show that most of the molecular variance exists among populations rather than between mountain ranges and that hybridization with at least one other Packera species containing distinct cpDNA haplotypes has contributed to the cpDNA diversity within P. sanguisorboides. Based on morphological and cpDNA data, the closest relatives to P. sanguisorboides are thought to be mesic species similar to P. glabella and P. sanguisorbae.\n      </p>", "Using an estimated background nitrogen (N) deposition value of 0.5 kg N-hac\u207b\u00b9.yr\u207b\u00b9 in 1900, and a 19-year record of measured values from Loch Vale (Colorado, USA; NADP site CO98), I reconstructed an N-deposition history using exponential equations that correlated well with EPA-reported ${\\rm{NO}}_{\\rm{x}} $ emissions from Colorado and from the sum of emissions of 11 western states. The mean wet N-deposition values for the period 1950-1964 was ~1.5 kg Nha\u207b\u00b9.yr\u207b\u00b9, corresponding to the reported time of alteration of diatom assemblages attributed to N deposition in alpine lakes in Rocky Mountain National Park (USA). This value becomes the critical load defining the threshold for ecological change from eutrophication. Thus if an N-deposition threshold for ecological change can be identified, and the date at which that threshold was crossed is known, hindcasting can derive the amount of atmospheric deposition at the time of change, at least for alpine lakes. Independent support for the technique and the deposition amount comes from experimental studies, ecosystem modeling, and paleolimnological records from northern Wyoming (USA).\n      </p>", "Understanding multi-scale interactions among human activities and biophysical factors in ecosystem dynamics is a critical step toward managing for long-term ecological integrity. Studying variation and change over multiple spatial and temporal scales (100-100 000 ha and 1-500 yr) allows one to tease apart the relative roles of these factors. Using meso-scale data predominantly from the recent Interior Columbia River Basin Ecosystem Management Project (ICBEMP), we assessed the role of several economic, demographic, cultural, climatic, topographic, and geologic factors in forest spatial pattern changes (from the 1930s to the 1990s) across $800\\,000\\&gt;km^2$ of the interior Northwest, USA. Our 228 forested subwatersheds (~10 000 ha) lie in 76 counties in six states. We identified key correlates of change, their hierarchical scale, and the scale of vegetation classification at which these correlates explained most change. We used general linear models and partial multiple regression analysis, supplemented by logistic and correlation analysis. Models explained 40-93% of total variation. Changes were not necessarily correlated to factors of the same scale. Broad-scale social systems encompassing land ownership systems, economic market structures, and cultural value systems appear in all significant models regardless of the response scale. Biophysical parameters describing growing site conditions moderated or exacerbated changes.\n      </p>", "One of the major mechanisms of plant diversification has been the evolution of polyploid populations that differ from their diploid progenitors in morphology, physiology, and environmental tolerances. Recent studies have indicated that polyploidy may also have major effects on ecological interactions with herbivores and pollinators. We evaluated pollination of sympatric diploid and tetraploid plants of the rhizomatous herb Heuchera grossulariifolia (Saxifragaceae) along the Selway and Salmon Rivers of northern Idaho, USA, during four consecutive years. Previous molecular and ecological analyses had indicated that the tetraploid populations along these two river systems are independently derived and differ from each other in multiple traits. In each region, we evaluated floral visitation rate by all insect visitors, pollination efficacy of all major visitors, and relative contribution of all major pollinators to seed set. In both regions, diploid and tetraploid plants attracted different suites of floral visitors. Most pollination was attributable to several bee species and the moth Greya politella. Lasioglossum bees preferentially visited diploid plants at Lower Salmon but not at Upper Selway, queen Bombus centralis preferentially visited tetraploids at both sites, and worker B. centralis differed between sites in their cytotype preference. Hence, diploid and autotetraploid H. grossulaiifolia plants act essentially as separate ecological species and may experience partial reproductive isolation through differential visitation and pollination by their major floral visitors. Overall the results, together with recent results from other studies, suggest that the repeated evolution of polyploidy in plants may contribute importantly to the structure and diversification of ecological interactions in terrestrial communities.\n      </p>", "The mid-Atlantic coastal bays are shallow coastal lagoons, separated from the Atlantic Ocean by barrier sand islands with oceanic exchanges restricted to narrow inlets. The relatively poor flushing of these lagoon systems makes them susceptible to eutrophication resulting from anthropogenic nutrient loadings. An intensive water quality and seagrass monitoring program was initiated to track ecological changes in the Maryland and Virginia coastal bays. The purpose of this study was to analyze existing monitoring data to determine status and trends in eutrophication and to determine any associations between water quality and living resources. Analysis of monitoring program data revealed several trends: (1) decadal decreases in nutrient and chlorophyll concentrations, followed by recently increasing trends; (2) decadal increases in seagrass coverage, followed by a recent period of no change; (3) blooms of macroalgae and brown tide microalgae; and (4) exceedance of water quality thresholds: chlorophyll a (15 micromol/L), total nitrogen (0.65 micrograms/L or 46 micromol/L), total phosphorus (0.037 micrograms/L or 1.2 micromol/L), and dissolved oxygen (5 micrograms/L) in many areas within the Maryland coastal bays. The water quality thresholds were based on habitat requirements for living resources (seagrass and fish) and used to calculate a water quality index, which was used to compare the bay segments. Strong gradients in water quality were correlated to changes in seagrass coverage between segments. These factors indicate that these coastal bays are in a state of transition, with a suite of metrics indicating degrading conditions. Continued monitoring and intensified management will be required to avert exacerbation of the observed eutrophication trends. Coastal lagoons worldwide are experiencing similar degrading trends due to increasing human pressures, and assessing status and trends relative to biologically relevant thresholds can assist in determining monitoring and management priorities and goals.\n      </p>", "As interest grows in quantification of global carbon cycles, process model predictions of forest biomass and net primary production (NPP) are being developed at an accelerating rate. Such models can provide useful predictions at large scales, but it has been difficult to evaluate their performance. Using the network of plots comprising the comprehensive and spatially extensive Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) data set collected and maintained by the USDA Forest Service, we applied methods typically used in field measurements to develop estimates of forest biomass and NPP for the mid-Atlantic region of the United States at a scale appropriate for comparison with model predictions. Plot-level and tree-level forest inventory data from a subset of plots were used together with species-specific biomass regression equations to calculate maximum current biomass and NPP values for the mid-Atlantic region. Estimates at the plot level were aggregated by forest type and to the 0.5\u00b0 x 0.5\u00b0 scale for analysis and comparison with process model predictions. Maximum current forest biomass averaged 248 and 200 Mg \u00b7 ha-1\u00b7 yr-1 in hardwood and softwood forest types, respectively; wood biomass increment averaged 559 and 460 g \u00b7 m-2\u00b7 yr-1 in hardwood and softwood forest types, respectively. Aggregated to the 0.5\u00b0 x 0.5\u00b0 scale, forest biomass ranged from 101 to 326 Mg/ha, while wood biomass increment ranged from 254 to 1050g \u00b7 m-2\u00b7 yr-1. Biomass and NPP estimates for closed-canopy forests from this study were consistent with values reported in the literature but were as much as 50% lower than values reported for old-growth stands. NPP predictions from three process models were fairly consistent with the FIA-based estimates, but model predictions of biomass were higher than estimates from FIA data for the region. By describing upper and lower bounds on reasonable biomass and NPP values for closed-canopy forests, these FIA-derived estimates provide a foundation for model comparison and continued model development.\n      </p>", "We suggest an empirical approach for determining critical loads for inorganic nitrogen (N) deposition in wetfall to the central Rocky Mountains (USA). We define \"critical loads\" as a deposition amount above which natural resources can be negatively affected. The arithmetic average from 1992 to 1996 of annual inorganic N deposition in wetfall at the eight National Acid-Deposition Program (NADP) sites located at elevations &gt;2500 m in the central Rocky Mountains ranged from 2.5 to 3.5 kg\u00b7ha-1\u00b7yr-1. In contrast, inorganic N deposition was &lt;2.5 kg\u00b7ha-1\u00b7yr-1 at all 23 NADP sites below 2500 m in elevation. At the Niwot Ridge NADP site in the Colorado Front Range, a simple linear regression of inorganic N in wetfall with time shows a significant increase in deposition of inorganic N in wetfall at the rate of 0.32 kg\u00b7ha-1\u00b7yr-1 (r2 = 0.62; P &lt; 0.001, n = 13). In turn, the increasing amount of inorganic N in wetfall is causing episodic acidification in headwater catchments of the Green Lakes Valley in the Colorado Front Range, with acid-neutralizing capacity (ANC) values below 0 \u03bcmolc/L in surface waters during snowmelt runoff at 9-ha and 42-ha sampling sites. At present rates of ANC decrease, we can expect the 9-ha and 42-ha sites to become chronically acidified within the next decade and the 220-ha basin of Green Lake 4 to become episodically acidified. A synoptic survey in 1995 of 91 high-elevation lakes in the central Rocky Mountains suggests that water quality is being affected by inorganic N in wetfall throughout the region. Federal land managers are required to \"err on the side of protection\" when assessing the amount of deposition that will alter ecosystem processes. However, given the political and economic ramifications of policy decisions, land managers are aware of the need to provide a scientific basis for these decisions and to balance conflicting needs. To achieve this balance and to allow for natural-resource protection, we make a conservative recommendation that critical loads of inorganic N in wetfall to Class 1 areas in the central Rocky Mountains be set at 4 kg\u00b7ha-1\u00b7yr-1. Target loads may be set at lower levels of inorganic N deposition in wetfall to allow a margin of safety to protect extremely sensitive natural resources.\n      </p>", "Understanding the manner in which changes in disturbance regimes will affect forest biodiversity is an important goal of global change research. Prevailing theories of recruitment after disturbance center on the role of pioneer species; predictions of forest biodiversity focus almost exclusively on dispersal and shade tolerance while vegetative reproduction is virtually omitted from models and serious discussions of the topic. However, the persistence of live damaged trees increases understory shade, generates fine-scale environmental heterogeneity, and moderates ecosystem responses to damage, while the sprouting of damaged trees offers a shortcut to reestablishment of the canopy. While a number of studies document snapshots of post-disturbance vegetative reproduction, we lack an understanding of the underlying demographic processes needed in order to both comprehend and predict observed patterns. In this study we quantify the abundance, competitive ability, and interspecific variability of vegetative reproduction in 18 replicated experimental gaps in the southern Appalachians and Carolina Piedmont, USA, in order to assess the potential role of sprouting in driving gap dynamics. Annual rates of damaged adult survival, sprout initiation, growth, and mortality were monitored over four years and compared to the performance of gap-regenerating saplings. Recruitment from sprouts was found to constitute 26\u201487% of early gap regeneration and forms the dominant pathway of regeneration for some species. Sprouts from recently damaged trees also grow significantly faster than the saplings with which they compete. For all measured demographic rates (damaged tree survival, sprout initiation, number, growth, and survival) differences among species are large and consistent across sites, suggesting that vegetative reproduction is an important and non-neutral process in shaping community composition. Sprouting ability does not correlate strongly with other life-history trade-offs, thus sprouting potentially provides an alternate trait axis in promoting diversity.\n      </p>", "Lawbooks USA is a private program through which lawyers of the United States can share their pride in the American legal system and its background with lawyers of many lands. This is accomplished through the distribution of packets of books. Perhaps you will want to contribute to this program.\n      </p>", "\u0410\u043c\u0435\u0440\u0438\u043a\u0430\u043d\u0441\u043a\u0430\u044f \u0441\u043e\u0446\u0438\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0433\u0438\u044f \u0432\u043e\u0435\u043d\u043d\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0434\u0435\u043b\u0430 \u0432\u043f\u043b\u043e\u0442\u044c \u0434\u043e \u0432\u0442\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0439 \u043c\u0438\u0440\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0439 \u0432\u043e\u0439\u043d\u044b \u043e\u0442\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u0430\u043b\u0430 \u043e\u0442 \u0432\u043e\u0435\u043d\u043d\u043e-\u043f\u043e\u043b\u0438\u0442\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0439 \u0430\u043a\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0438 \u0421\u0428\u0410. \u0421\u043f\u0435\u0446\u0438\u0444\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0435 \u0441\u043e\u0446\u0438\u043e-\u044d\u043a\u043e\u043d\u043e\u043c\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0435 \u0438 \u0433\u0435\u043e\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0444\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0435 \u0443\u0441\u043b\u043e\u0432\u0438\u044f \u0431\u044b\u043b\u0438 \u043f\u0440\u0438\u0447\u0438\u043d\u043e\u0439 \u0442\u043e\u0433\u043e, \u0447\u0442\u043e \u043d\u0438 \u0432\u043e\u0435\u043d\u043d\u0430\u044f \u044d\u043a\u0441\u043f\u0430\u043d\u0441\u0438\u044f, \u043d\u0438 \u0443\u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u0438\u0435 \u0432 \u043f\u0435\u0440\u0432\u043e\u0439 \u043c\u0438\u0440\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0439 \u0432\u043e\u0439\u043d\u0435 \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u0438\u0432\u0435\u043b\u0438 \u043a \u0431\u043e\u043b\u0435\u0435 \u0433\u043b\u0443\u0431\u043e\u043a\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0443 \u043a \u0441\u043e\u0446\u0438\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0433\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u0438\u0441\u0441\u043b\u0435\u0434\u043e\u0432\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044e \u0432\u043e\u043e\u0440\u0443\u0436\u0435\u043d\u043d\u043e\u0433\u043e \u043d\u0430\u0441\u0438\u043b\u0438\u044f. \u0422\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u0432 \u0442\u0435\u0447\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u0432\u0442\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0439 \u043c\u0438\u0440\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0439 \u0432\u043e\u0439\u043d\u044b \u0431\u044b\u043b\u0438 \u0441\u043e\u0437\u0434\u0430\u043d\u044b \u0441\u043e\u0446\u0438\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u0435\u0432 \u0438\u043d\u0441\u0442\u0438\u0442\u0443\u0446\u0438\u043e\u043d\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0435,\u0443\u0441\u043b\u043e\u0432\u0438\u044f \u0434\u043b\u044f \u044d\u043a\u0441\u0442\u0435\u043d\u0441\u0438\u0432\u043d\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0440\u0430\u0437\u0432\u0438\u0442\u0438\u044f \u0441\u043e\u0446\u0438\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0433\u0438\u0438 \u0432\u043e\u0435\u043d\u043d\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0434\u0435\u043b\u0430. Until World War II, the American military sociology lagged behind the military-political activity of the USA. Due to the speci\u00edic socioeconomic and geographic conditions, both the military expansiveness and the participation in World War I failed to excite greater interest in the sociological research into armed violence. It was as late as World War II that the social and institutional conditions for an extensive development of military sociology took their rise.\n      </p>", "One hypothesis for why estimators of species richness tend to underestimate total richness is that they do not explicitly account for increases in species richness due to spatial or environmental turnover in species composition (beta diversity). I analyze the similarity of a data set of native trees in Great Smoky Mountains National Park, USA, and assess the robustness of these estimators against recently developed ones that incorporate turnover explicitly: the total species accumulation method (T-S) and a method based on the distance decay of similarity. I show that the T-S estimator can give reliable estimates of species richness, given an appropriate grouping of sites. The estimator based on distance decay of similarity performed poorly. There are two main reasons for this: sample size effects and the assumption that distance decay of similarity exhibits a power law relationship. I show that estimators based on distance\u2014decay relationships exhibit systematically lower rates of distance decay for samples with few individuals per site independent of environmental variation. Second, the data presented here and many other survey data sets exhibit exponential rather than power law distance\u2014decay relationships. Richness estimators that explicitly incorporate beta diversity can be improved by beginning from an exponential distance\u2014decay relationship and adjusting for the systematic errors introduced by small sample sizes.\n      </p>", "To better understand agricultural carbon fluxes in California, USA, we estimated changes in soil carbon and woody material between 1980 and 2000 on 3.6 \u00d7 10\u2076 ha of farmland in California. Combining the CASA (Carnegie-Ames-Stanford Approach) model with data on harvest indices and yields, we calculated net primary production, woody production in orchard and vineyard crops, and soil carbon. Over the 21-yr period, two trends resulted in carbon sequestration. Yields increased an average of 20%, corresponding to greater plant biomass and more carbon returned to the soils. Also, orchards and vineyards increased in area from 0.7 \u00d7 10#x2076; ha to 1.0 \u00d7 10\u2076 ha, displacing field crops and sequestering woody carbon. Our model estimates that California's agriculture sequestered an average of 19 g C\u00b7m\u207b\u00b2\u00b7y\u207b\u00b9. Sequestration was lowest in non-rice annual cropland, which sequestered 9 g C\u00b7m\u207b\u00b2\u00b7yr\u207b\u00b9 of soil carbon, and highest on land that switched from annual cropland to perennial cropland. Land that switched from annual crops to vineyards sequestered 68 g C\u00b7m\u207b\u00b2\u00b7yr\u207b\u00b9, and land that switched from annual crops to orchards sequestered 85 g C\u00b7m\u207b\u00b2\u00b7yr\u207b\u00b9. Rice fields, because of a reduction in field burning, sequestered 55 g C\u00b7m\u207b\u00b2\u00b7yr\u207b\u00b9 in the 1990s. Over the 21 years, California's 3.6 \u00d7 10\u2076 ha of agricultural land sequestered 11.0 Tg C within soils and 3.5 Tg C in woody biomass, for a total of 14.5 Tg C statewide. This is equal to 0.7% of the state's total fossil fuel emissions over the same time period. If California's agriculture adopted conservation tillage, changed management of almond and walnut prunings, and used all of its orchard and vineyard waste wood in the biomass power plants in the state, California's agriculture could offset up to 1.6% of the fossil fuel emissions in the state.\n      </p>", "During the past thirty years the US American city has experienced dramatic changes. Always much more sprawled-out than the average European city, the US city has become so dispersed and dissolved that new terms had to be found to describe it: megalopolis, galactic metropolis, polis amorphos, or urban land USA. The dominant role of downtown in a hierarchical spatial context has been replaced by a new spatial order of the multi-nucleated urban land. Old social-area models no longer suffice either. A new descriptive model of the urban land USA is introduced. The reasons for such far reaching changes in urban America include not only the obvious, such as urban freeways, the automobile, modern information and communication technolgy, and economic forces of various kind. These are rather means to achieve an end, which is to fulfill the long cherished American preference of rural living versus the age-old antipathy towards urban ways of life and compact urban forms of settlement. Popular and intellectual voices, from Thomas Jefferson to Henry Ford I and Frank Lloyd Wright, have condemned the city as detrimental to American culture and ideals. The dispersed urban land USA is a new cultural landscape and constitutes the second and final taking and transformation of the land in the United States. It is a uniquely US American creation and as such fundamentally different from cultural-genetic urban developments in other areas of the world. The urban land USA is staggeringly vast and wasteful, but it allows the totally mobile post-industrial American society an optimal compromise between the highest possible quality of life and comfort and the capitalist profit principle and a maximum of personal freedom, for most Americans at this time.\n      </p>", "Aim The Southwest USA is characterized by fragmented habitat for a range of species in a manner analogous to island systems. This can restrict gene flow among populations and may promote genetic differentiation and the evolution of endemic populations or species among the forested terrestrial islands. The region has experienced cycles of cooling and warming throughout the Pleistocene and the current isolation among populations may date back only c. 11,000 years. Thus, some studies have found genetic structure that predates the current distribution of organisms. The effect of habitat fragmentation on genetic structure was tested using DNA sequences in a highly specialized herbivorous insect, grape phylloxera, Daktulosphaira vitifoliae, that exhibits poor dispersal capacity and natal-host associated mating that would seem to predispose it to genetic differentiation. Location Southwestern USA. Methods Phylogenetic trees and statistical parsimony networks were estimated from 458 bp of the mitochondrial cytochrome oxidase I gene sampled from 12 populations in Arizona and New Mexico. Results There was no evidence that populations were differentiated at the level of canyon or mountain range but significant structure was found at the larger level of geographic region. The pattern was confounded by the polyphyly of Southwest (SW) grape phylloxera relative to eastern populations and the coexistence of two highly divergent lineages within populations. Main conclusions An early split of grape phylloxera into the SW has resulted in some differentiation between populations in the Transition and Sonoran + Chihuahuan geographic regions. It is hypothesized that this differentiation has been overlaid by a more recent introduction of haplotypes from midwestern USA populations that occur primarily in the Transition region. The importance of sampling broadly is stressed.\n      </p>", "A dynamic pattern that historically played an important role in the rise and fall of the major powers involves the early attainment of power supremacy by comparatively small countries that developed earlier and subsequently lost their status to larger countries that developed later. Cases in point are the staggered rise in power of the UK, France, Germany, Italy, and Japan, and their subsequent loss of status to the USA and the USSR. The development of China and, at some point in the future, of India has the potential of pushing these countries to superpower status while pushing the USA and a revitalized Russia to substantially lower power ranks. If this sequence of events comes to pass, it will fit the same fundamental dynamics that rendered the USA and the USSR superpowers to begin with. The thesis that the economic development of large countries can produce power shifts of major consequence is the focal theme of this article. First, this thesis is discussed in general terms, is related to a number of literatures from several disciplines, and is validated using an econometric model and empirical data. Then, the thesis is brought to bear upon the USA/China 'case'. In this connection, the USA/China shifts in power capabilities that have occurred during the past 50 years are documented and extrapolated over the 1995-2050 time-horizon. The extrapolations are based on seven projections that span diverse presuppositions, assumptions, and approaches. The conceptual and analytical generalities, the empirical analyses, and the forecasts presented suggest the possibility that China will acquire power superiority over the USA within the next half-century.\n      </p>", "This article critiques an advertisement in a theatre playbill by a bio-technology company for its commercial test for the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genetic mutation, which may indicate a higher risk for breast and ovarian cancer. The advertisement targets a vulnerable audience attending a play about one woman's isolated and painful death from ovarian cancer. It promotes a product with incomplete and at times incorrect information, and it misguides women by suggesting that they contact the company directly about this test, rather than encouraging them to talk to their health care providers about genetic testing and their personal risk of breast cancer. In an era in which more genetic tests will be integrated into clinical practice, we can expect an increase in direct-to-consumer marketing for such tests. This advertisement is an example of what we need to be on guard against. /// Cet article critique une annonce publi\u00e9e dans un programme de th\u00e9\u00e2tre par une compagnie de biotechnologie pour les tests commerciaux de d\u00e9pistage de la mutation g\u00e9n\u00e9tique BRCA1 et BRCA2, qui peut r\u00e9v\u00e9ler un risque accru de cancer du sein ou de l'ovaire. La publicit\u00e9 cible un public vuln\u00e9rable, qui assiste \u00e0 une pi\u00e8ce sur la morte douloureuse et solitaire d'une femme atteinte d'un cancer de l'ovaire. Elle vante un produit avec des informations fragmentaires et parfois incorrectes, et elle induit les femmes en erreur en leur sugg\u00e9rant de s'adresser directement \u00e0 la compagnie, au lieu de les encourager \u00e0 parler avec leur m\u00e9decin des tests g\u00e9n\u00e9tiques et de leur risque personnel de d\u00e9velopper un cancer du sein. A mesure que davantage de tests g\u00e9n\u00e9tiques seront int\u00e9gr\u00e9s dans la pratique clinique, on verra certainement s'accro\u00eetre la commercialisation de ces tests directement aupr\u00e8s des consommateurs. Cette publicit\u00e9 est un exemple de ce dont nous devons nous m\u00e9fier. /// Este art\u00edculo critica un anuncio de una empresa biotecnol\u00f3gica, publicado en el programa de una obra teatral. Dicho anuncio promociona una prueba comercial para detectar la mutaci\u00f3n gen\u00e9tica BRCA1 y BRCA2 que puede indicar un mayor riesgo de c\u00e1ncer ov\u00e1rico o de la mama. El anuncio est\u00e1 dirigido a un p\u00fablico vulnerable, quienes asisten a una obra que se trata de la muerte dolorosa y solitaria de una mujer a causa de un c\u00e1ncer ov\u00e1rico. Promueve el producto utilizando informaci\u00f3n incompleta y a veces incorrecta, adem\u00e1s de mal orientar a las mujeres al sugerir que se pongan en contacto directamente con la empresa en lugar de recomendar que hablen con su m\u00e9dico acerca de la detecci\u00f3n gen\u00e9tica y su riesgo individual de c\u00e1ncer de la mama. Al integrarse las pruebas gen\u00e9ticas cada vez m\u00e1s en la pr\u00e1ctica cl\u00ednica, es de suponer que habr\u00e1 un aumento en la promoci\u00f3n directa de ellas hacia los consumidores. Debemos mantenernos alertas ante este tipo de publicidad.\n      </p>", "Cascading ecological effects of anthropogenic habitat fragmentation have been studied primarily in extreme cases (e.g., the isolation of habitat fragments in a novel habitat matrix such as suburban developments, reservoirs, or agricultural fields), with less attention to more subtle and widespread cases, such as habitat fragmentation due to timber harvest. Few studies have used rigorous demographic data to demonstrate the direct and indirect effects of habitat fragmentation. We trapped deer mice (Peromyscus maniculatus) at five sites over two years in southwest Oregon, USA, and used multi-state capture-recapture models to estimate deer mouse survival and movement in clearcuts, forest-fragment edges, forest-fragment interiors, and contiguous forests. We also estimated deer mouse densities in fragmented and unfragmented forests and combined deer mouse demographic studies with trillium (Trillium ovatum) seed predation trials to link deer mouse changes to reduced trillium recruitment previously observed at the same study sites. Mouse survival was highest in clearcuts, intermediate in forest fragments, and lowest in unfragmented (control) forests. Mouse movement among clearcuts, forest edges, and forest interiors was common over short time intervals. Collectively, demographic rates led to mouse densities that were 3-4 times higher at forest-fragment sites than at unfragmented sites. Trillium seeds were ~3 times more likely to be depredated in areas of elevated relative mouse abundance than in areas of lower relative abundance. Forest fragmentation has favored mouse populations, resulting in increased seed predation that may decrease recruitment rates and increase local extinction risks for trillium.\n      </p>", "Forest canopies are composed of photosynthetically active vegetation (PAV, chloroplasts) and nonphotosynthetic vegetation (NPV, e.g., cell wall, vein, branch). The fraction of photosynthetically active radiation (PAR) absorbed by the canopy (FAPAR) should be partitioned into $FAPAR_{PAV}$ and $FAPAR_{NPV}$ . Gross primary production (GPP) of forests is affected by $FAPAR_{PAV}$ . In this study we developed and validated a satellite-based vegetation photosynthesis model (VPM; $GPP = \\varepsilon_g \\times FAPAP_{PAV} \\times PAR$ ) that incorporates improved vegetation indices derived from the moderate resolution imaging spectroradimeter (MODIS) sensor. Site-specific data from the CO2 flux tower site (evergreen needleleaf forest) at Howland, Maine, USA, were used. The enhanced vegetation index (EVI) better correlated with the seasonal dynamics of GPP than did the normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI). Simulations of the VPM model were conducted, using both daily and eight-day composites of MODIS images (500-m spatial resolution) and climate data (air temperature and PAR), respectively. Predicted GPP values in 2001 agree reasonably well with estimated GPP from the CO2 flux tower site. There were no significant differences in VPM-predicted GPP (from eight-day MODIS composites) among one pixel (~500-m resolution), 3 x 3 pixel block (~1.5-km resolution), and 5 x 5 pixel block (~2.5-km resolution). The differences between VPM-predicted and observed GPP were smaller for simulations using eight-day MODIS composites than for simulations using daily MODIS images. The results of this study have shown the potential of MODIS data (both daily and eight-day composites) and the VPM model for quantifying seasonal and interannual variations of GPP of evergreen needleleaf forests.\n      </p>", "Gathering a set of roughly compatible statistics for the costs and incomes of performing arts organizations in the then USSR and the USA, this paper provides a summary and analysis of that data. It is found that there is a considerable difference between the very high share of income earned at the box office by musical performances in the USSR compared to the USA. In addition, artistic salaries make up a far smaller share of total musical costs in the USSR than in the USA, although its share in the USA is declining. Both government and private sources, as shares of total income, were similar in 1975 but the proportion in the USSR grew considerably since then. With respect to expenses, artistic salaries were consistently higher in the USSR. But even more striking is that administrative salaries in theater in the US were more than three times as high, as a share of total expenses, compared to the USSR. With respect to music, the disparity was even greater. Further, performance costs in both countries have increased substantially faster than the rate of inflation. The \"cost disease\" has, however, been more acute in the USA.\n      </p>", "We investigated patterns, rates, and mechanisms of forest replacement by salt marsh in relation to sea-level rise on the west coast of Florida, USA. The geomorphology of this region typifies that of low-lying, limestone coastlines considered highly susceptible to sea-level rise (e.g., much of the eastern Gulf of Mexico, the Yucatan Peninsula, and low-lying limestone islands throughout the world). This coast is microtidal, shallowly sloping, and has a rate of relative sea-level rise similar to that of eustatic rise. To determine patterns of forest change in relation to sea-level rise, we examined patterns of tree species zonation, tree recruitment, and tree mortality in relation to site elevation and tidal-flooding frequency. To reconstruct histories of forest change in relation to sea-level rise, we estimated age distributions of Sabal palmetto, the most widely distributed tree species at our site, relating age structures of stands to reconstructed histories of tidal flooding in the stands. Finally, to assess the relative roles of flooding stress (hypoxia), salt exposure, and competition from encroaching salt-marsh vegetation in the decline of forest stands, we examined patterns of soil redox potential, groundwater salinity, and density of halophytic vegetation among stands in different stages of decline. Zonation among tree species was related to tidal-flooding frequency. For most trees, seedlings were absent from the most frequently flooded stands in which the species occurred. Reconstructed flooding histories of stands and age estimates for S. palmetto suggest that many decades elapse between cessation of regeneration and local elimination of a tree species. Even during the relatively short duration of the study (4 yr), however, composition of some stands changed in the direction predicted from species zonation and sea-level rise. Forest understory replacement by halophytic vegetation appeared to follow, rather than cause, failure of tree regeneration. Tidal flooding rarely produced severe reducing conditions in soil, but groundwater salinity was correlated with tidal-flooding frequency. Forest retreat in this system, therefore, involves the development of relict (non-regenerating) stands of different tree species at different flooding frequencies. Exposure to salt appears to be the major cause of tree regeneration failure, with flooding stress and interference from marsh vegetation playing minor or negligible roles. These interactions differ somewhat from those on deltaic coasts or coasts with high freshwater outflows, where flooding stress may play a larger role in regeneration failure, and from sandy coasts, where erosion may play a larger role in forest retreat. Regardless of the cause of tree regeneration failure, the development of relict stands may be a general forest response to sea-level rise.\n      </p>", "Despite the ubiquity of studies quantifying the strength and form of selection in nature, rarely is the ecological context for contemporary selection understood. Here we report a case where lake level is a selective factor acting on sockeye salmon body size-at-maturity because low lake levels cause large salmon to stand and die rather than reach the breeding grounds. As a result of a semelparous life history, death for salmon at this stage results in lifetime fitness of zero. We combined information on the level of Lake Aleknagik (southwestern Alaska, USA) from 1952 through 2006 with a detailed comparison of the body size of mature salmon that died at the mouth of Hansen Creek vs. individuals that successfully ascended to the spawning grounds over 10 breeding seasons (1997\u20142006). The percentage of salmon stranding at the mouth varied among years: 2\u201442% in males and &lt;1\u201426% in females. Formal selection analyses indicated that the largest individuals were most susceptible to standing mortality, especially in years when many salmon stranded, and these were years with low lake levels. Taken together, these results suggest that lake level was a strong and consistent selective force acting on this salmon population, acting synergistically with size-selective predation by bears. Salmon breeding in Hansen Creek tend to be smaller, younger, and more streamlined than conspecifics from neighboring populations, suggesting that selection against large individuals could be driving these patterns.\n      </p>", "Lianas (woody vines) are an important and dynamic component of many forests throughout the world, and increases in CO\u2082, mean winter temperature, and forest fragmentation may promote their growth and proliferation in temperate forests. In this study, we used a 45-year data set to test the hypothesis that lianas have increased in abundance and basal area in the interiors of 14 deciduous temperate forests in Wisconsin (USA) since 1959. We also censused woody plants along a gradient from the forest edge to the interior in seven of these forests to test the hypothesis that the abundance of lianas declines significantly with increasing distance from the forest edge. We found that lianas did not increase in abundance within the interiors of temperate forests in Wisconsin over the last 45 years. However, relative and absolute liana abundance decreased sharply with increasing distance from forest edges. Our findings suggest that forest fragmentation, not climate change, may be increasing the abundance of lianas in northern deciduous temperate forests, and that lianas may further increase in abundance if the severity of forest fragmentation intensifies.\n      </p>", "The nature of nutrient limitation in large areas of temperate forest may be changing due to human activities. As N availability in these forests increases, other nutrients could increasingly constrain productivity and other ecosystem processes. To determine the nature of nutrient limitation (N, P, and Ca) in forest soils exhibiting differing N availability, we conducted three field studies in the Fernow Experimental Forest, West Virginia, USA. The first used a ubiquitous herbaceous species, Viola rotundifolia, to compare indices of N availability to the activity of root-associated phosphomonoesterase (PME) activity at two spatial scales. The second study used fertilized, root in-growth cores to assess the extent of N, P, and Ca limitation. Finally, we measured the root-associated PME activity of V. rotundifolia growing in experimental plots that have received various combinations of nutrient additions and harvest treatments. For entire watersheds, stream water nitrate concentrations were positively related to PME activities (R2 = 0.986). For small plots, PME activities were positively associated with soil nitrate availability (R2 = 0.425), and to a lesser extent with the leaf N concentrations (R2 = 0.291). Root growth into microsites fertilized with P was greater than growth into microsites fertilized with either N or Ca, especially in watersheds with high N availability. Experimental additions of N increased the root-associated PME activity of V. rotundifolia, supporting the causality of the relationship between N availability and PME activity. Collectively, our results indicate that, as N availability increases, P becomes increasingly limiting at the sites examined. Understanding how nutrient limitations change during N saturation should improve ecosystem models and better inform our attempts to mitigate any undesired effects.\n      </p>", "Due primarily to wolf (Canis lupus) predation on livestock (depredation), some livestock producers and other interest groups oppose wolf conservation, which is an important objective for large sectors of the public. Predicting depredation occurrence is difficult, yet necessary to prevent it. Better prediction of wolf depredation also would facilitate application of sound depredation management actions. In this paper we analyze temporal trends in wolf depredation occurrence and wolf control, which is employed as a depredation management action. We gathered data from wolf depredation investigations for Alberta, Canada, from 1982-1996 and for Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming, USA, from 1987-2003. We showed that wolf attacks occurred with a seasonal pattern, reflecting the seasonality of livestock calving, grazing practices, and seasonal variation in energetic requirements of wolf packs. Seasonal wolf attacks were auto-correlated with lags of one year, indicating annual reoccurrence. Cross-correlation analyses indicated that limited wolf control was rapidly employed as a short-term response to depredation, and was not designed to decrease wolf depredation at a regional scale or in the long-term. We therefore discovered a reoccurring seasonal-annual pattern for wolf depredation and wolf control in western North America. Ranchers and managers could use our data for focusing investment of resources to prevent wolf depredation increases during high-depredation seasons.\n      </p>", "Ecological interactions among invading species are common and may often be important in facilitating invasions. Indeed, the presence of one nonindigenous species can act as an agent of disturbance that facilitates the invasion of a second species. However, most studies of nonindigenous species are anecdotal and do not provide substantive evidence that interactions among nonindigenous species have any community-level effects. Here, using a combination of field experiments and observations we examine interactions among introduced species in New England kelp forests and ask whether these interactions have altered paradigms describing subtidal communities in the Gulf of Maine. The green alga Codium fragile was observed at the Isles of Shoals, Maine, USA, in 1983 and has since replaced the native kelp as the dominant seaweed on leeward shores. Experiments manipulating kelp and Codium reveal that Codium does not directly inhibit growth or survival of kelp. Codium does, however, successfully recruit to gaps in the kelp bed and, once established, inhibits recruitment of kelp. A second nonindigenous species, Membranipora membranacea, grows epiphytically on kelp, and experiments reveal that the presence of Membranipora reduces growth and survival of kelp, resulting in defoliation of kelp plants and gap formation in kelp beds. In the absence of Codium, kelp recolonizes these gaps, but when present, Codium colonizes and prevents kelp recolonization. Manipulations of herbivores demonstrate that herbivory will reinforce Codium dominance. Thus, the demise of New England kelp beds appears to result from one invasive species facilitating the spread of a second nonindigenous species.\n      </p>", "Geographic restrictions exist in the USA banking industry including one which does not permit banks to establish offices outside of their home state. Given the increasing likelihood that this interstate restriction may be removed in the near future, banks need to identify attractive interstate market areas as part of their strategic planning efforts. An approach employing multivariate statistical techniques was used to help a large Southeastern USA bank holding company, the NCNB Corporation, identify attractive interstate market areas.\n      </p>", "Nutritional status was assessed for 100 patients with serologically confirmed dengue hemorrhagic fever (DHF), 125 patients with other infectious diseases who were admitted to Children's Hospital (Bangkok), and 184 healthy children. The assessment was done with use of the following parameters: weight for age, height for age, and circumference of the middle of the left arm. There were 13 patients classified as undernourished by weight for age, nine of whom were determined to have first-degree malnutrition; six of these had grade II severity of DHF and three had grade III DHF severity. Four patients, two each of grade II and III DHF severity, had second-degree malnutrition. All were considered to be healthy when nutritional status was assessed by height for age and mid-left arm circumference. The prevalence of 13% malnutrition found among patients with DHF is significantly lower than the prevalence of malnutrition found among patients with other infectious diseases and among healthy children. The study confirmed the observation generally made that most patients with DHF are not undernourished.\n      </p>", "Roads remove habitat, alter adjacent areas, and interrupt and redirect ecological flows. They subdivide wildlife populations, foster invasive species spread, change the hydrologic network, and increase human use of adjacent areas. At broad scales, these impacts cumulate and define landscape patterns. The goal of this study was to improve our understanding of the dynamics of road networks over time, and their effects on landscape patterns, and identify significant relationships between road changes and other land-use changes. We mapped roads from aerial photographs from five dates between 1937 and 1999 in 17 townships in predominantly forested landscapes in northern Wisconsin, USA. Patch-level landscape metrics were calculated on terrestrial area outside of a 15-m road-effect zone. We used generalized least-squares regression models to relate changes in road density and landscape pattern to concurrent changes in housing density. Rates of change and relationships were compared among three ecological regions. Our results showed substantial increases in both road density and landscape fragmentation during the study period. Road density more than doubled, and median, mean, and largest patch size were reduced by a factor of four, while patch shape became more regular. Increases in road density varied significantly among ecological subsections and were positively related to increases in housing density. Fragmentation was largely driven by increases in road density, but housing density had a significantly positive relationship with largest patch area and patch shape. Without protection of roadless areas, our results suggest road development is likely to continue in the future, even in areas where road construction is constrained by the physical environment. Recognizing the dynamic nature of road networks is important for understanding and predicting their ecological impacts over time and understanding where other types of development are likely to occur in the future. Historical perspectives of development can provide guidance in prioritizing management efforts to defragment landscapes and mitigate the ecological impacts of past road development.\n      </p>", "At least 6 million people in the Asia-Pacific region have human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection or acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). The numbers of HIV-infected women and children are increasing at an alarming rate. Important components of infection control that need to be addressed if mother-to-child transmission of HIV is to be prevented successfully include voluntary and confidential counseling and testing, family planning, obstetric care, use of antiretroviral agents, and availability of alternatives to breast-feeding. Many services can aid in the prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV and the care of HIV-infected mothers and their children. Each country needs to take into account the features of HIV and AIDS epidemiology that are peculiar to it, its infrastructure, and the resources that are available. Providing services in a stepwise manner can help prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV.\n      </p>", "Responses of detrital pathways to nutrients may differ fundamentally from pathways involving living plants: basal carbon resources can potentially decrease rather than increase with nutrient enrichment. Despite the potential for nutrients to accelerate heterotrophic processes and fluxes of detritus, few studies have examined detritus-nutrient dynamics at whole-ecosystem scales. We quantified organic matter (OM) budgets over three consecutive years in two detritus-based Appalachian (USA) streams. After the first year, we began enriching one stream with low-level nitrogen and phosphorus inputs. Subsequent effects of nutrients on outputs of different OM compartments were determined using randomized intervention analysis. Nutrient addition did not affect dissolved or coarse particulate OM export but had dramatic effects on fine particulate OM (FPOM) export at all discharges relative to the reference stream. After two years of enrichment, FPOM export was 340% higher in the treatment stream but had decreased by 36% in the reference stream relative to pretreatment export. Ecosystem respiration, the dominant carbon output in these systems, also increased in the treatment stream relative to the reference, but these changes were smaller in magnitude than those in FPOM export. Nutrient enrichment accelerated rates of OM processing, transformation, and export, potentially altering food-web dynamics and ecosystem stability in the long term. The results of our large-scale manipulation of a detrital ecosystem parallel those from analogous studies of soils, in which net loss of organic carbon has often been shown to result from experimental nutrient addition at the plot scale. Streams are useful model systems in which to test the effects of nutrients on ecosystem-scale detrital dynamics because they allow both the tracking of OM conversion along longitudinal continua and the integrated measurement of fluxes of transformed material through downstream sites.\n      </p>", "Small-scale variation in fire intensity and effects may be an important source of environmental heterogeneity in frequently burned plant communities. We hypothesized that variation in fire intensity resulting from local differences in fuel loads produces heterogeneity in pine savanna ground cover by altering shrub abundance. To test this hypothesis, we experimentally manipulated prefire fuel loads to mimic naturally occurring fuel-load heterogeneity associated with branch falls, needle fall near large pines, and animal disturbances in a frequently burned longleaf pine (Pinus palustris) savanna in Louisiana, USA. We applied one of four fuel treatments (unaltered control, fine-fuel removal, fine-fuel addition, wood addition) to each of 540 (1-m\u2072) quadrats prior to growing-season prescribed fires in each of two years (1999 and 2001). In both years fuel addition increased (and fuel removal decreased) fuel consumption and maximum fire temperatures relative to unaltered controls. Fuel addition, particularly wood, increased damage to shrubs, increased shrub mortality, and decreased resprout density relative to controls. We propose that local variation in fire intensity may contribute to maintenance of high species diversity in pine savannas by reducing shrub abundance and creating openings in an otherwise continuous ground cover.\n      </p>", "An annotated list of aquatic insects from the high carbonate system of Montezuma Well, Arizona, USA, is presented for collections taken during 1976-1986. Fifty-seven taxa in 16 families are reported, including new distribution records for Arizona (Anacaena signaticollis, Laccobius ellipticus, and Crenitulus sp. [nr. debilis]) and the USA (Enochrus sharpi). Larval stages for Trichoptera, Lepidoptera, Megaloptera, Neuroptera, Chironomidae, and Anisoptera were absent even though the habitat lacks fish, and water temperature, dissolved oxygen, available food, and substrata appear adequate in Montezuma Well. The potential importance of alkalinity in restricting these insect groups is discussed.\n      </p>", "The complexity of ecosystems and mechanisms of succession are often simplified by linear and mathematical models used to understand and predict system behavior. Such models often do not incorporate multivariate, nonlinear feedbacks in pattern and process that include multiple scales of organization inherent within real-world systems. Wetlands are ecosystems with unique, nonlinear patterns of succession due to the regular, but often inconstant, presence of water on the landscape. We develop a general, nonspatial state and transition (S and T) succession conceptual model for wetlands and apply the general framework by creating annotated succession/management models and hypotheses for use in impact analysis on a portion of an imperiled wetland. The S and T models for our study area, Water Conservation Area 3A South (WCA3), Florida, USA, included hydrologic and peat depth values from multivariate analyses and classification and regression trees. We used the freeware Vegetation Dynamics Development Tool as an exploratory application to evaluate our S and T models with different management actions (equal chance [a control condition], deeper conditions, dry conditions, and increased hydrologic range) for three communities: slough, sawgrass (Cladium jamaicense), and wet prairie. Deeper conditions and increased hydrologic range behaved similarly, with the transition of community states to deeper states, particularly for sawgrass and slough. Hydrology is the primary mechanism for multi-state transitions within our study period, and we show both an immediate and lagged effect on vegetation, depending on community state. We consider these S and T succession models as a fraction of the framework for the Everglades. They are hypotheses for use in adaptive management, represent the community response to hydrology, and illustrate which aspects of hydrologic variability are important to community structure. We intend for these models to act as a foundation for further restoration management and experimentation which will refine transition and threshold concepts.\n      </p>", "Green macroalgal blooms have substantially altered marine community structure and function, specifically by smothering seagrasses and other primary producers that are critical to commercial fisheries and by creating anoxic conditions in enclosed embayments. Bottom-up factors are viewed as the primary drivers of these blooms, but increasing attention has been paid to biotic controls of species composition. In Washington State, USA, blooms are often dominated by Ulva spp. intertidally and Ulvaria obscura subtidally. Factors that could cause this spatial difference were examined, including competition, grazer preferences, salinity, photoacclimation, nutrient requirements, and responses to nutrient enrichment. Ulva specimens grew faster than Ulvaria in intertidal chambers but not significantly faster in subtidal chambers. Ulva was better able to acclimate to a high-light environment and was more tolerant of low salinity than Ulvaria. Ulvaria had higher tissue N content, chlorophyll, chlorophyll b: chlorophyll a, and protein content than Ulva. These differences suggest that nitrogen availability could affect species composition. A suite of five grazers preferred Ulva to Ulvaria in choice experiments. Thus, bottom-up factors allow Ulva to dominate the intertidal zone while resistance to grazers appears to allow Ulvaria to dominate the subtidal zone. While ulvoid algae are in the same functional-form group, they are not functionally redundant.\n      </p>", "Although the rate that species accumulate with area has long been regarded as an important component of fine-scale community structure and several studies have examined this rate in meta-analyses, few if any studies have systematically examined fine-scale species-area relationships using a consistent survey protocol over a large region. We examined fine-scale species-area relationships using the extensive database of the Carolina Vegetation Survey (North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Tennessee, USA), including 1472 plots wherein vascular plant richness was recorded for each of six subplot sizes regularly spaced on a log10 scale, from 0.01 to 1000 m2. Contrary to prevailing theory, our data closely and consistently fit an Arrhenius (power law) species-area model, echoing broader-scale patterns. Species accumulation rate (Z) values fell within a narrow range (95% between 0.2 and 0.5) despite a 30-fold range in 1000-m2 richness. When we added regional- and global-scale richness estimates to our results, a Preston-type triphasic curve emerged. We suggest that (1) fine-scale species-area relationships are remarkably consistent and (2) full-scale species-area curves reveal scale dependencies in diversity data that are not accounted for by current species-area theory.\n      </p>", "Trophic level interactions between predators create complex relationships such as intraguild predation. Theoretical research has predicted two possible paths to stability in intraguild systems: intermediate predators either outcompete higher-order predators for shared resources or select habitat based on security. The effects of intraguild predation on intermediate mammalian predators such as swift foxes (Vulpes velox) are not well understood. We examined the relationships between swift foxes and both their predators and prey, as well the effect of vegetation structure on swift fox\u2014coyote (Canis latrans) interactions, between August 2001 and August 2004. In a natural experiment created by the Pinon Canyon Maneuver Site in southeastern Colorado, USA, we documented swift fox survival and density in a variety of landscapes and compared these parameters in relation to prey availability, coyote abundance, and vegetation structure. Swift fox density varied significantly between study sites, while survival did not. Coyote abundance was positively related to the basal prey species and vegetation structure, while swift fox density was negatively related to coyote abundance, basal prey species, and vegetation structure. Our results support the prediction that, under intraguild predation in terrestrial systems, top predator distribution matches resource availability (resource match), while intermediate predator distribution inversely matches predation risk (safety match). While predation by coyotes may be the specific cause of swift fox mortality in this system, the more general mechanism appears to be exposure to predation moderated by shrub density.\n      </p>", "Parallel studies of middle-class intact families with a preschool child and varying degrees of paternal involvement in childcare, ranging from high to low, were conducted in Israel and the United States. In the Israeli sample of 60 (30 boys and 30 girls) it was found that the amount and quality of father involvement, assessed through six indices, were closely associated with the six measures of children's characteristics employed because of their theoretical linkage to paternal childrearing. In addition, all of the indices correlated significantly with the father's perceptions of his own father's behaviors. In the USA sample of 59 (31 boys and 27 girls) only two of the same father indices were associated with three of the child measures and almost none were linked with scores reflecting father perceptions of his own father. In both countries, however, the child's internality was positively correlated with paternal involvement in childcare. The different patterns of association obtained in Israel and the USA are discussed in terms of characteristics of the two societies and both social learning and reciprocal role theory.\n      </p>", "Upper respiratory tract disease (URTD) caused by Mycoplasma agassizii has been hypothesized to contribute to the decline of some wild populations of gopher tortoises (Gopherus polyphemus). However, the force of infection (FOI) and the effect of URTD on survival in free-ranging tortoise populations remain unknown. Using four years (2003-2006) of mark\u2014recapture and epidemiological data collected from 10 populations of gopher tortoises in central Florida, USA, we estimated the FOI (probability per year of a susceptible tortoise becoming infected) and the effect of URTD (i.e., seropositivity to M. agassizii) on apparent survival rates. Sites with high (\u226525%) seroprevalence had substantially higher FOI (0.22 \u00b1 0.03; mean \u00b1 SE) than low (&lt;25%) seroprevalence sites (0.04 \u00b1 0.01). Our results provide the first quantitative evidence that the rate of transmission of M. agassizii is directly related to the seroprevalence of the population. Seropositive tortoises had higher apparent survival (0.99 \u00b1 0.0001) than seronegatives (0.88 \u00b1 0.03), possibly because seropositive tortoises represent individuals that survived the initial infection, developed chronic disease, and experienced lower mortality during the four-year span of our study. However, two lines of evidence suggested possible effects of mycoplasmal URTD on tortoise survival. First, one plausible model suggested that susceptible (seronegative) tortoises in high seroprevalence sites had lower apparent survival rates than did susceptible tortoises in low seroprevalence sites, indicating a possible acute effect of infection. Second, the number of dead tortoise remains detected during annual site surveys increased significantly with increasing site seroprevalence, from ~1 to ~5 shell remains per 100 individuals. If (as our results suggest) URTD in fact reduces adult survival, it could adversely influence the population dynamics and persistence of this latematuring, long-lived species.\n      </p>", "During the 1980s the regional development of the USA was characterized by major changes in economic and population growth. At first sight the growth figures seem to reveal the same contrast as in the 1970s between the North-east and the South and West. But in particular some significant differences can be outlined: New York was able to attract population again, whereas population stagnation implying substantial outmigration, existed in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Michigan. California, Florida and Texas were the most important winners of population in the West and in the South. Maryland, Virginia, North and South Carolina as well as Georgia represented the real growth regions in the South. But the population growth of Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, and Oklahoma was very small, Louisiana lost population, and even fell behind the population growth in the 1960s. With regard to growth expectations this development may be called an actual surprise of the spatial population development. The 1980s suggest some return to traditional urbanization patterns. Non-metropolitan growth levels decreased substantially while metropolitan growth increased. As a group large metropolitan areas had higher population profits than smaller areas. The economic development of the USA has been the basic reason for the different regional population changes. An economic restructuring has taken place characterized by deindustrialization, growth of high technology industries and growth in service industries.\n      </p>", "In the ancient and acidic Ultisol soils of the Southern Piedmont, USA, we studied changes in trace element biogeochemistry over four decades, a period during which formerly cultivated cotton fields were planted with pine seedlings that grew into mature forest stands. In 16 permanent plots, we estimated 40-year accumulations of trace elements in forest biomass and O horizons (between 1957 and 1997), and changes in bioavailable soil fractions indexed by extractions of 0.05 mol/L HCl and 0.2 mol/L acid ammonium oxalate (AAO). Element accumulations in 40-year tree biomass plus O horizons totaled 0.9, 2.9, 4.8, 49.6, and 501.3 kg/ha for Cu, B, Zn, Mn, and Fe, respectively. In response to this forest development, samples of the upper 0.6-m of mineral soil archived in 1962 and 1997 followed one of three patterns. (1) Extractable B and Mn were significantly depleted, by -4.1 and -57.7 kg/ha with AAO, depletions comparable to accumulations in biomass plus O horizons, 2.9 and 49.6 kg/ha, respectively. Tree uptake of B and Mn from mineral soil greatly outpaced resupplies from atmospheric deposition, mineral weathering, and deep-root uptake. (2) Extractable Zn and Cu changed little during forest growth, indicating that nutrient resupplies kept pace with accumulations by the aggrading forest. (3) Oxalate-extractable Fe increased substantially during forest growth, by 275.8 kg/ha, about 10-fold more than accumulations in tree biomass (28.7 kg/ha). The large increases in AAO-extractable Fe in surficial 0.35-m mineral soils were accompanied by substantial accretions of Fe in the forest's O horizon, by 473 kg/ha, amounts that dwarfed inputs via litterfall and canopy throughfall, indicating that forest Fe cycling is qualitatively different from that of other macro- and micronutrients. Bioturbation of surficial forest soil layers cannot account for these fractions and transformations of Fe, and we hypothesize that the secondary forest's large inputs of organic additions over four decades has fundamentally altered soil Fe oxides, potentially altering the bioavailability and retention of macro- and micronutrients, contaminants, and organic matter itself. The wide range of responses among the ecosystem's trace elements illustrates the great dynamics of the soil system over time scales of decades.\n      </p>", "Large logs, important agents of biophysical heterogeneity in temperate floodplain rivers, have been virtually eliminated from modified systems. Our purpose was to quantify the sources and dynamics of large logs (\u22651 m diameter) in the mainstem of a nearly pristine system: the Queets River, Washington, USA. Erosion of forests by the river supplies 0.40 logs &lt;tex-math&gt;${\\rm{(100m)}}^{{\\rm{ - 1}}} \\,{\\rm{.yr}}^{{\\rm{ - 1}}}$&lt;/tex-math&gt; to the channel. Most (72%) are new logs entering the river for the first time as the river undercuts mature fluvial terraces dominated by large conifers. Retrospective airphoto analyses demonstrate that, over 63 years, the Queets River recruits 95% of new logs from a riparian corridor extending 265 m laterally on both banks, mostly through channel meandering. However, input rates are patchy, with 10% of the valley length supplying 38% of the new logs. As the river moves laterally, remnant logs are left on channel surfaces that later develop riparian forests and reenter the river when those forests erode. Remnant logs lying on the floodplain forest floor surface or buried in alluvium constitute 21% and 7% of the annual inputs from bank erosion, respectively. We estimate that 50% of logs deposited in the channel in a given year, including those underpinning logjams, are transported downriver within five years. Over the next 55 years, bank erosion reclaims an additional 23%, leaving 27% of the logs stable for &gt;.60 years. Simulations indicate that recurrent transport is common, with half of the large conifers being deposited in \u22653 locations and transported \u22651.5 km prior to disintegrating. One in ten logs links distant reaches by occupying \u22657 locations spanning \u226512.0 km. Instream supplies are therefore a mixture of new and old logs from nearby and upstream forests, sustained by the recapture and transport of stockpiled remnant logs during periods when new inputs are low. We propose that patchy input rates and the periodic rearrangement of large logs are important drivers of temporal variation in river valley habitats, adding to the spatial complexity created by stable logs. These findings underscore the importance of extensive mature forests and connectivity in temperate floodplain rivers.\n      </p>", "We followed long-term dynamics of a conspicuous intertidal brown alga, Fucus gardneri, for seven years after the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill (EVOS) in Prince William Sound, Alaska, USA. We compared percent cover of Fucus over time at sites that had been oiled, some of which were washed with high-pressure hot water, relative to sites that had experienced neither oil nor cleanup activities (reference sites). Fucus cover at spill-disturbed sites was initially reduced due to toxic effects of oil and cleanup but rapidly increased to above normal levels and then subsequently dropped in 1994-1995. The changes in cover at spill-disturbed sites were dramatic (\u226550% decline year-to-year) and synchronous across all quadrats at a site. In contrast, reference sites demonstrated little synchrony. We examined two possible mechanisms that could generate synchronous fluctuations at spill-disturbed sites, i.e., (1) plant-herbivore coupling, in which limpet or snail grazing would reduce Fucus populations (hypothesis tested by analyzing abundances from 1990 to 1996), and (2) a single cohort of Fucus recruiting soon after the spill that would monopolize space for several years before declining synchronously (hypothesis tested by analyzing size frequency in 1996). We found no evidence for the first mechanism but support for the latter. The persistent patterns in size structure and dynamics in Fucus after EVOS suggest that full recovery had not occurred by 1996, even though Fucus cover at spill-disturbed sites was similar to reference areas within a few years of the spill.\n      </p>", "The reproductive success and breeding chronology of Cattle Egrets (Bubulcus ibis) and Little Blue Herons (Egretta caerulea) were studied in Terra Ceia and Tampa Bays, Florida, USA. Cattle Egret breeding cycles and associated environmental parameters, clutch size, and nestling survivorship were similar during 1979 and 1980. Despite significantly less rainfall in 1976, Little Blue Heron breeding cycles were similar during 1976, 1977, 1979, and 1980. However, smaller clutches and nestling survivorship per nest were correlated with lower rainfall in 1976.\n      </p>", "One hundred and four caddisfly species within 42 genera and 17 families were collected from 93 stream sites in the xeric landscape of the lower Colorado River Basin, USA. Species richness showed a significant negative correlation with channel embeddedness. Forestland had higher species richness than grassland, desert, or urban caddisfly assemblages, and fewer caddisfly species occurred in the salt-cedar (Tamarix) than in willow-alder (Salix-Alnus) and cottonwoodsycamore (Populus-Plantanus) riparian communities. Hydroptilidae comprised nearly 35% of the average relative abundance of caddisflies and were generally tolerant of impaired stream environments. Hydroptila arctia composed the greatest relative proportion of species. Adjusted specific conductance and channel embeddedness metrics showed close agreement with published tolerance values for caddisfly species listed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency; genera were in less agreement. Amphicosmoecus canax, Brachycentrus americanus, Culoptila moselyi, Glossosoma ventrale, Ochrotrichia ildria, Psychoglypha schuhi, and Ylodes reuteri were most commonly associated with streams with low salinities and low embeddedness, whereas Cheumatopsyche enonis, Hydropsyche auricolor, Hydroptila ajax, Hydroptila arctia, Neotrichia okopa, Smicridea signata, and Smicridea fasciatella reached highest numeric importance in streams with high salinities and embeddedness. /// Ciento cuatro especies de Tric\u00f3ptera de 42 g\u00e9neros y 17 familias fueron colectadas de 93 arroyos en ambientes \u00e1ridos de la cuenca baja del r\u00edo Colorado, USA. La riqueza de especies mostr\u00f3 una correlaci\u00f3n negativa significativa con la sedimentaci\u00f3n del lecho. La tierra forestal tuvo m\u00e1s riqueza de especies de Tric\u00f3ptera que los pastizales, el desierto o centros urbanos, y menos especies de Tric\u00f3ptera occurieron en cedro de la sal (Tamarix) que en las comunidades ribere\u00f1as de sauce-aliso (Salix-Alnus) y \u00e1lamo-sicamor (Populus-Plantanus). Hydroptilidae comprendieron casi 35% de la abundancia relativa promedio de Tric\u00f3ptera y fueron generalmente tolerantes de ambientes de arroyos da\u00f1ados. Hydroptila arctia tuvo la m\u00e1s alta proporci\u00f3n relativa de las especies. Las medidas para conductividad espec\u00edfica ajustada y para la sedimentaci\u00f3n del lecho fueron parecidas a valores de tolerancia para Tric\u00f3ptera publicados por la U.S. Environmental Protection Agency; las de los g\u00e9neros estuvieron menos de acuerdo. Amphicosmoecus canax, Brachycentrus americanus, Culoptila moselyi, Glossosoma ventrale, Ochrotrichia ildria, Psychoglypha schuhi, y Ylodes reuteri fueron com\u00fanmente asociadas con arroyos con salinidades bajas y sedimentaci\u00f3n baja, mientras que Cheumatopsyche enonis, Hydropsyche auricolor, Hydroptila ajax, Hydroptila arctia, Neotrichia okopa, Smicridea signata, y Smicridea fasciatella alcanzaron importancia num\u00e9rica m\u00e1s alta en arroyos con altas salinidades y sedimentaci\u00f3n.\n      </p>", "The extent to which community processes can be generalized from local field studies to larger spatial scales remains a contentious issue. The search for broad generality can be hampered when species interactions vary geographically, a common phenomenon attributed to a wide range of underlying ecological factors. Less attention has been directed toward understanding the additional role that evolutionary processes may play in modifying the way that pairs of species interact over large spatial scales. Here we examine whether marked geographic variation in the interaction between a predatory snail (Nucella canaliculata) and an intertidal mussel (Mytilus californianus) arises from phenotypic plasticity or fixed genetic differences among snail populations. Over a three-year period, we reared snails from eight populations in California and Oregon, USA, through two laboratory generations and tested whether family lines differed in their ability to drill M. californianus. Remarkably, F2 generation snails from Oregon sources were generally unable to drill mid-sized Mytilus californianus (5-7 cm long), whereas snails from California readily drilled this prey. Because snails were raised through two generations on a common diet (Mytilus trossulus), these differences among populations likely have a genetic basis. Snails from California and Oregon readily interbred and produced viable offspring in the laboratory, suggesting that populations belong to a single biological species. Field surveys of mussel beds revealed striking geographic variation in predation that closely matched the observed differences in the drilling capacity of N. canaliculata. Drilled M. californianus were common at all sites in California and included many large mussels (&gt;10 cm long). In contrast, drilled M. californianus were rare on the central Oregon coast and consisted mostly of small mussels (&lt;3 cm). We hypothesize that persistent variation in prey recruitment along the coast has selected for interpopulation differences in the drilling capacity of this direct-developing snail, with potential consequences for the size structure of mussel beds. Combined with growing evidence of restricted gene flow and low connectivity among many marine populations, this study highlights the importance of considering the contribution of evolutionary processes to geographic variation in species interactions.\n      </p>", "Two geographical regionalizations of the United States are presented to serve as a basis for a regional geography. Both regionalizations founded on structural data result in twelve homogeneous regions. Regionalization Nr I based on socioeconomic criteria was carried out in a traditional way, while regionalization Nr II is founded on principal component analysis and cluster analysis without contiguity constraint. The comparison of the results shows that 1. in regionalization Nr II more criteria could be involved than in regionalization Nr I; 2. the superior quality of regionalization Nr II was proved by character analysis; 3. transferability was achieved only by regionalization Nr II.\n      </p>", "High-resolution population distribution data are critical for successfully addressing important issues ranging from socio-environmental research to public health to homeland security, since scientific analyses, operational activities, and policy decisions are significantly influenced by the number of impacted people. Dasymetric modeling has been a well-recognized approach for spatial decomposition of census data to increase the spatial resolution of population distribution. However, enhancing the temporal resolution of population distribution poses a greater challenge. In this paper, we discuss the development of LandScan USA, a multi-dimensional dasymetric modeling approach, which has allowed the creation of a very high-resolution population distribution data both over space and time. At a spatial resolution of 3 arc seconds (~ 90 m), the initial LandScan USA database contains both a nighttime residential as well as a baseline daytime population distribution that incorporates movement of workers and students. Challenging research issues of disparate and misaligned spatial data and modeling to develop a database at a national scale, as well as model verification and validation approaches are illustrated and discussed. Initial analyses indicate a high degree of locational accuracy for LandScan USA distribution model and data. High-resolution population data such as LandScan USA, which describes both distribution and dynamics of human population, clearly has the potential to profoundly impact multiple domain applications of national and global priority.\n      </p>", "Aim Ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa Douglas ex Lawson &amp; C. Lawson) is an economically and ecologically important conifer that has a wide geographic range in the western USA, but is mostly absent from the geographic centre of its distribution - the Great Basin and adjoining mountain ranges. Much of its modern range was achieved by migration of geographically distinct Sierra Nevada (P. ponderosa var. ponderosa) and Rocky Mountain (P. ponderosa var. scopulorum) varieties in the last 10,000 years. Previous research has confirmed genetic differences between the two varieties, and measurable genetic exchange occurs where their ranges now overlap in western Montana. A variety of approaches in bioclimatic modelling is required to explore the ecological differences between these varieties and their implications for historical biogeography and impending changes in western landscapes. Location Western USA. Methods We used a classification tree analysis and a minimum-volume ellipsoid as models to explain the broad patterns of distribution of ponderosa pine in modern environments using climatic and edaphic variables. Most biogeographical modelling assumes that the target group represents a single, ecologically uniform taxonomic population. Classification tree analysis does not require this assumption because it allows the creation of pathways that predict multiple positive and negative outcomes. Thus, classification tree analysis can be used to test the ecological uniformity of the species. In addition, a multidimensional ellipsoid was constructed to describe the niche of each variety of ponderosa pine, and distances from the niche were calculated and mapped on a 4-km grid for each ecological variable. Results The resulting classification tree identified three dominant pathways predicting ponderosa pine presence. Two of these three pathways correspond roughly to the distribution of var. ponderosa, and the third pathway generally corresponds to the distribution of var. scopulorum. The classification tree and minimum-volume ellipsoid model show that both varieties have very similar temperature limitations, although var. ponderosa is more limited by the temperature extremes of the continental interior. The precipitation limitations of the two varieties are seasonally different, with var. ponderosa requiring significant winter moisture and var. scopulorum requiring significant summer moisture. Great Basin mountain ranges are too cold at higher elevations to support either variety of ponderosa pine, and at lower elevations are too dry in summer for var. scopulorum and too dry in winter for var. ponderosa. Main conclusions The classification tree analysis indicates that var. ponderosa is ecologically as well as genetically distinct from var. scopulorum. Ecological differences may maintain genetic separation in spite of a limited zone of introgression between the two varieties in western Montana. Two hypotheses about past and future movements of ponderosa pine emerge from our analyses. The first hypothesis is that, during the last glacial period, colder and/or drier summers truncated most of the range of var. scopulorum in the central Rockies, but had less dramatic effects on the more maritime and winter-wet distribution of var. ponderosa. The second hypothesis is that, all other factors held constant, increasing summer temperatures in the future should produce changes in the distribution of var. scopulorum that are likely to involve range expansions in the central Rockies with the warming of mountain ranges currently too cold but sufficiently wet in summer for var. scopulorum. Finally, our results underscore the growing need to focus on genotypes in biogeographical modelling and ecological forecasting.\n      </p>", "This paper presents interview data and media analysis on the gay male community in the USA. It describes how sexual objectification is more than the outcome of racism in the gay male community. Sexual objectification of gay men of colour in the USA produces a white sexual community. Ideologies of inclusivity and non-discrimination blind white gay men to the harmful effects of sexual objectification. Moreover, discussing negative effects of objectification is met with considerable resistance. The experiences of African American men, described in this paper, show the pervasiveness of sexual objectification. The sexual objectification of men of colour forces them to play specific roles in sexual encounters that are not necessarily of their own choosing. /// Cet article pr\u00e9sente des donn\u00e9es obtenues \u00e0 partir d'entretiens, et une analyse des m\u00e9dia sur la communaut\u00e9 masculine gay aux USA. Il explique comment l'objectification sexuelle est plus que le r\u00e9sultat du racisme dans la communaut\u00e9 gay masculine. L'objectification sexuelle des hommes gays de couleur aux USA produit une communaut\u00e9 sexuelle blanche. Les id\u00e9ologies \"d'inclusivit\u00e9\" et de non discrimination aveuglent les hommes blancs et gays quant aux effets n\u00e9fastes de l'objectification sexuelle. De plus, les d\u00e9bats sur les effets n\u00e9gatifs de l'objectification se heurtent \u00e0 une r\u00e9sistance consid\u00e9rable. D\u00e9crites dans cet article, les exp\u00e9riences des hommes afro-am\u00e9ricains montrent le caract\u00e8re envahissant de l'objectification sexuelle. L'objectification sexuelle des hommes de couleur oblige ces derniers, lors des rencontres sexuelles, \u00e0 jouer des r\u00f4les sp\u00e9cifiques qu'ils ne choisissent pas forc\u00e9ment. /// En este art\u00edculo se presentan datos de entrevistas y an\u00e1lisis de medios sobre la comunidad homosexual masculina en los Estados Unidos. Se describe c\u00f3mo la objetivizaci\u00f3n sexual es algo m\u00e1s que el resultado del racismo en la comunidad de hombres homosexuales. La objetivizaci\u00f3n sexual de los homosexuales negros en los Estados Unidos crea una comunidad sexual blanca. Las ideolog\u00edas de inclusi\u00f3n y no discriminaci\u00f3n ciegan a los hombres homosexuales de raza blanca de los efectos da\u00f1inos de la objetivizaci\u00f3n sexual. Adem\u00e1s, se resisten a hablar de los efectos negativos de la objetivizaci\u00f3n. Las experiencias de hombres afroamericanos, descritas en este documento, demuestran la omnipresencia de la objetivizaci\u00f3n sexual. Con esta objetivizaci\u00f3n sexual los hombres de raza negra se ven obligados a desempe\u00f1ar determinados roles en los encuentros sexuales que no necesariamente son los que ellos mismos elegir\u00edan.\n      </p>", "Understanding spatial controls on wildfires is important when designing adaptive fire management plans and optimizing fuel treatment locations on a forest landscape. Previous research about this topic focused primarily on spatial controls for fire origin locations alone. Fire spread and behavior were largely overlooked. This paper contrasts the relative importance of biotic, abiotic, and anthropogenic constraints on the spatial pattern of fire occurrence with that on burn probability (i.e., the probability that fire will spread to a particular location). Spatial point pattern analysis and landscape succession fire model (LANDIS) were used to create maps to show the contrast. We quantified spatial controls on both fire occurrence and fire spread in the Midwest Ozark Highlands region, USA. This area exhibits a typical anthropogenic surface fire regime. We found that (1) human accessibility and land ownership were primary limiting factors in shaping clustered fire origin locations; (2) vegetation and topography had a negligible influence on fire occurrence in this anthropogenic regime; (3) burn probability was higher in grassland and open woodland than in closed-canopy forest, even though fire occurrence density was less in these vegetation types; and (4) biotic and abiotic factors were secondary descriptive ingredients for determining the spatial patterns of burn probability. This study demonstrates how fire occurrence and spread interact with landscape patterns to affect the spatial distribution of wildfire risk. The application of spatial point pattern data analysis would also be valuable to researchers working on landscape forest fire models to integrate historical ignition location patterns in fire simulation.\n      </p>", "Bacterioplankton response to eutrophication is a critical part of the transition from phytoplankton blooms to bottom-water hypoxia in estuaries. This topic is of particular concern when endemic bacterial populations, such as Vibrio sp., may pose a health risk to local human populations using estuaries for recreation and food. The purpose of this study was to observe the dynamics of both Vibrio and phytoplankton in the Neuse River Estuary (NRE) in North Carolina, USA, during the summer of 2004. Vibrio concentrations, particle suspension characteristics, and chlorophyll a were measured in surface water collected at a series of stations along the estuarine gradient. Consistent with previous studies, a strong positive relationship between Vibrio concentration and salinity was found. Both Vibrio sp. and phytoplankton concentrations increased moving downstream, but beyond the salt front, phytoplankton declined while Vibrio sp. concentrations continued to increase. In surface waters, a large portion of suspensions was comprised of phytoplankton cells. The fraction of Vibrio cells attached to phytoplankton increased with phytoplankton concentration and decreased with increasing salinity. These observations of Vibrio dynamics in the NRE provide evidence that populations interact with phytoplankton populations in surface waters. This information may prove critical for models of estuarine bacterial dynamics in response to eutrophication.\n      </p>", "Renal cell carcinoma has been linked to hypertension and antihypertensive medications. We investigated the association between renal cell carcinoma and the use of thiazide in a case-control study of 167 men and 90 women. Subjects were members of the Kaiser Permanente Medical Care Program in northern California (United States) who had taken a multiphasic health check-up from 1964 through 1988 and who were evaluated for cancer until the end of 1989. Control subjects received the same check-up, were matched by gender, year of check-up, and age at check-up, and had to be in the health plan until the date on which renal cell carcinoma was diagnosed. Data on known and potential risk factors, including hypertension, body mass index (BMI), and smoking status, were collected from the record of the check-up. Thiazide use was abstracted from the medical chart, which was reviewed from the date of the first entry until the date on which the cancer was diagnosed or the equivalent date for control subjects. The mean follow-back to check-up was 11.3 years. Among women, we found a significantly elevated risk of 4.0 (95 percent confidence interval [CI] 1.5-10.8) associated with ever having used thiazide after we adjusted for smoking, BMI, hypertension, and history of kidney infection at check-up. We did not find a statistically significantly elevated risk in men. Smoking was related to renal cell carcinoma in men (odds ratio [OR] 2.5, CI = 1.1-5.4) for those who smoked at least one pack per day compared with those who had never smoked, but was not related in women. We found a statistically nonsignificant relation between BMI and renal cell carcinoma. After we adjusted for thiazide use, we did not find that hypertension was a statistically significant risk factor for renal cell carcinoma. Analysis of the dosage of thiazide measured by time since first use, duration of use, number of mentions of use in the chart, and an estimate of total grams of exposure did not result in any convincing dose-response relation. These findings are consistent with a growing body of data linking antihypertensive medication with renal cell carcinoma. We are unable to conclude whether thiazide use or some other characteristic of hypertensive persons taking these medications is responsible for the association.\n      </p>", "Invasive species are one of the fastest growing conservation problems. These species homogenize the world's flora and fauna, threaten rare and endemic species, and impose large economic costs. Here, we examine the distribution of 834 of the more than 1000 exotic plant taxa that have become established in California, USA. Total species richness increases with net primary productivity; however, the exotic flora is richest in low-lying coastal sites that harbor large numbers of imperiled species, while native diversity is highest in areas with high mean elevation. Weedy and invasive exotics are more tightly linked to the distribution of imperiled species than the overall pool of exotic species. Structural equation modeling suggests that while human activities, such as urbanization and agriculture, facilitate the initial invasion by exotic plants, exotics spread ahead of the front of human development into areas with high numbers of threatened native plants. The range sizes of exotic taxa are an order of magnitude smaller than for comparable native taxa. The current small range size of exotic species implies that California has a significant \"invasion debt\" that will be paid as exotic plants expand their range and spread throughout the state.\n      </p>", "The loggerhead sea turtle (Caretta caretta) nests on sand beaches, has both oceanic and neritic life stages, and migrates internationally. We analyzed an 18-year time series of Index Nesting Beach Survey (Index) nest-count data to describe spatial and temporal trends in loggerhead nesting on Florida (USA) beaches. The Index data were highly resolved: 368 fixed zones (mean length 0.88 km) were surveyed daily during annual 109-day survey seasons. Spatial and seasonal coverage averaged 69% of estimated total nesting by loggerheads in the state. We carried out trend analyses on both annual survey-region nest-count totals (N = 18) and annual zone-level nest densities (N = 18\u00d7368 = 6624). In both analyses, negative binomial regression models were used to fit restricted cubic spline curves to aggregated nest counts. Between 1989 and 2006, loggerhead nest counts on Florida Index beaches increased and then declined, with a net decrease over the 18-year period. This pattern was evident in both a trend model of annual survey-region nest-count totals and a mixed-effect, \"single-region\" trend model of annual zone-level nest densities that took into account both spatial and temporal correlation between counts. We also saw this pattern in a zone-level model that allowed trend line shapes to vary between six coastal subregions. Annual mean zone-level nest density declined significantly (-28%; 95% CI: -34% to -21%) between 1989 and 2006 and declined steeply (-43%; 95% CI: -48% to -39%) during 1998\u20142006. Rates of change in annual mean nest density varied more between coastal subregions during the \"mostly increasing\" period prior to 1998 than during the \"steeply declining\" period after 1998. The excellent fits (observed vs. expected count R2 &gt; 0.91) of the mixed-effect zone-level models confirmed the presence of strong, positive, within-zone autocorrelation (R &gt; 0.93) between annual counts, indicating a remarkable year-to-year consistency in the longshore spatial distribution of nests over the survey region. We argue that the decline in annual loggerhead nest counts in peninsular Florida can best be explained by a decline in the number of adult female loggerheads in the population. Causes of this decline are explored.\n      </p>", "Atmospheric nitrogen (N) deposition to lakes and watersheds has been increasing steadily due to various anthropogenic activities. Because such anthropogenic N is widely distributed, even lakes relatively removed from direct human disturbance are potentially impacted. However, the effects of increased atmospheric N deposition on lakes are not well documented. We examined phytoplankton biomass, the absolute and relative abundance of limiting nutrients (N and phosphorus [P]), and phytoplankton nutrient limitation in alpine lakes of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado (USA) receiving elevated (&gt;6 kg N\u00b7ha\u207b\u00b9\u00b7yr\u207b\u00b9) or low (&lt;2 kg N\u00b7ha\u207b\u00b9\u00b7yr\u207b\u00b9) levels of atmospheric N deposition. High-deposition lakes had higher NO\u2083-N and total N concentrations and higher total N: total P ratios. Concentrations of chlorophyll and seston carbon (C) were 2-2.5 times higher in high-deposition relative to low-deposition lakes, while high-deposition lakes also had higher seston C:N and C:P (but not N:P) ratios. Short-term enrichment bioassays indicated a qualitative shift in the nature of phytoplankton nutrient limitation due to N deposition, as high-deposition lakes had an increased frequency of primary P limitation and a decreased frequency and magnitude of response to N and to combined N and P enrichment. Thus elevated atmospheric N deposition appears to have shifted nutrient supply from a relatively balanced but predominantly N-deficient regime to a more consistently P-limited regime in Colorado alpine lakes. This adds to accumulating evidence that sustained N deposition may have important effects on lake phytoplankton communities and plankton-based food webs by shifting the quantitative and qualitative nature of nutrient limitation.\n      </p>", "Clear Lake, California, USA, is the site of the Sulphur Bank Mercury Mine, now a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Superfund Site. Intermittent mining from 1873 to 1957 resulted in ~100 Mg of mercury (Hg) being deposited into the lake's ecosystem. Sediment cores to ~2.5 m depth (dated using 210Pb and 14C) represent ~3000 years of sedimentation. Clear Lake sediments have experienced Hg deposition from anthropogenic sources (mining) during historic times (to the mid-1990s) and geologic sources during prehistoric times (prior to the mid-1800s). This provides a unique opportunity to evaluate hypotheses relating to (1) the influence of the mine on Hg loading to the lake and (2) the potential upward mobilization of Hg by diagenetic processes proposed by some as an alternative explanation for increased Hg concentrations at the surface of the sediment columm believed to be caused by increased global atmospheric deposition. Although Hg mining began in 1873, no significant evidence of anthropogenic Hg loading was detected in cores prior to open-pit mining ca. 1927, which also involved bulldozing mine waste rock and tailings into the lake. Exponential increases in total Hg (TotHg) and methylmercury (MeHg) were observed above the 1927 horizon, where estimated sedimentation rates were 2.2\u201420.4 mm/yr and peaks of both forms of Hg maintained vertical stability within the sediment column. Below the 1927 horizon, a slow increase in both TotHg and MeHg with depth was observed from ~1000 to 3000 years before present, where sedimentation rates ranged from ~0.6 to 2.0 mm/yr and elevated Hg profiles appear stable. Vertical stability of Hg in the shallow and deep sediment column suggests that both TotHg and MeHg do not undergo diagenetic upward mobilization within the sediment column under rapid or slow sedimentation rates. Because (1) these data were collected at a site with known anthropogenic and geologic sources and (2) regions of elevated Hg concentrations from both sources remain stable within the sediment column under very different sedimentation regimes, these results also support the hypothesis that elevated Hg at the surface of cores in other worldwide locations likely represents global atmospheric deposition rather than upward diagenetic mobilization.\n      </p>", "In this paper, highly skilled and less-skilled immigrants in three age classes (20\u201334, 35\u201349, and 50\u201364) are distinguished. Since most highly skilled immigrants are males who enter the USA as numerically restricted, we study only numerically restricted male immigrants. Annual data (1972\u20131991) for 86 source countries are pooled, and the Hausman-Taylor instrumental variable technique is used to estimate the regressions. Along with measures of differential economic opportunities, migration costs, and USA institutional controls, we incorporate a unique set of variables relating to social programs in source countries. Such programs prove to be significant determinants of the skill composition of USA immigrants.\n      </p>", "Atmospheric deposition has long been recognized as an important source of pollutants and nutrients to ecosystems. The need for reliable, spatially explicit estimates of total atmospheric deposition (wet + dry + cloud) is central, not only to air pollution effects researchers, but also for calculation of input-output budgets, and to decision makers faced with the challenge of assessing the efficacy of policy initiatives related to deposition. Although atmospheric deposition continues to represent a critical environmental and scientific issue, current estimates of total deposition have large uncertainties, particularly across heterogeneous landscapes such as montane regions. We developed an empirical modeling approach that predicts total deposition as a function of landscape features. We measured indices of total deposition to the landscapes of Acadia (121 km\u00b2) and Great Smoky Mountains (2074 km\u00b2) National Parks (USA). Using ~300-400 point measurements and corresponding landscape variables at each park, we constructed a statistical (general linear) model relating the deposition index to landscape variables measured in the field. The deposition indices ranged over an order of magnitude, and in response to vegetation type and elevation, which together explained ~40% of the variation in deposition. Then, using the independent landscape variables available in GIS data layers, we created a GIS-relevant statistical nitrogen (N) and sulfur (S) deposition model (LandMod). We applied this model to create park-wide maps of total deposition that were scaled to wet and dry deposition data . from the closest national network monitoring stations. The resultant deposition maps showed high spatial heterogeneity and a four- to sixfold variation in \"hot spots\" and \"cold spots\" of N and S deposition ranging from 3 to 31 kg N.ha\u207b\u00b9.yr\u207b\u00b9 and from 5 to 42 kg S.ha\u207b\u00b9.yr\u207b\u00b9 across these park landscapes. Area-weighted deposition was found to be up to 70% greater than NADP plus CASTNET monitoring-station estimates together. Model- validation results suggest that the model slightly overestimates deposition for deciduous and coniferous forests at low elevation and underestimates deposition for high-elevation coniferous forests. The spatially explicit deposition estimates derived from LandMod are an improvement over what is currently available. Future research should test LandMod in other mountainous environments and refine it to account for (currently) unexplained variation in deposition.\n      </p>", "The effectiveness of mine-waste remediation at the Clark Fork River Superfund site in western Montana, USA, was examined by monitoring metal concentrations in resident biota (caddisfly, Hydropsy che spp.) and bed sediment over a 19-year period. Remediation activities began in 1990 and are ongoing. In the upper 45 km, reduced Cu and Cd concentrations at some sites were coincident with remediation events. However, for a period of three years, the decline in Cu and Cd directly below the treatment ponds was offset by high arsenic concentrations, suggesting that remediation for cations (e. g., Cu and Cd) mobilized anions such as arsenic. The impact of remediation in the middle and lower reaches was confounded by a significant positive relationship between metal bioaccumulation and stream discharge. High flows did not dilute metals but redistributed contaminants throughout the river. The majority of clean-up efforts were focused on reducing metal-rich sediments in the most contaminated upstream reach, implicitly assuming that improvements upstream will positively impact the downstream stations. We tested this assumption by correlating temporal metal trends in sediment between and among stations. The strength of that association (r value) was our indicator of spatial connectivity. Connectivity for both Cu and Cd was strong at small spatial scales. Large-scale connectivity was strongest with Cu since similar temporal reductions were observed at most monitoring stations. The most upstream station, closest to remediation, had the lowest connectivity, but the next three downstream sites were strongly correlated to trends downstream. Targeted remediation in this reach would be an effective approach to'positively influencing the downstream stations.\n      </p>", "The ability to measure vegetation structure at spatial scales that are biologically meaningful for wildlife is often limited because information about the spatial scale of habitat selection is lacking and there are logistical constraints to measuring vegetation structure at ever larger spatial scales. To address this challenge, we used LiDAR-derived measurements of vegetation canopy height to quantify habitat associations of riparian birds at the Cosumnes River Preserve in central California, USA. Our objectives were (1) to evaluate the utility of LiDAR (light detection and ranging) measurements for describing habitat associations of riparian passerine birds, and (2) to capitalize on the ease with which LiDAR measurements can be summarized at multiple spatial scales to evaluate the predictive performance of vegetation measurements across spatial scales from 0.2 to 50 ha. At each location where we conducted point-count surveys of the avian community, we summarized the mean and coefficient of variation of canopy height measured at five spatial scales (0.2, 0.8, 3.1, 12.6, and 50.2 ha). For each of these spatial scales, we used stepwise model selection to identify the best logistic-regression model describing patterns of occurrence for 16 species of passerine birds that were sufficiently abundant for analysis. We then used area-under-the-curve (AUC) values to identify models that performed well (AUC &gt; 0.75) on a temporally independent data set. Of the 16 species, 10 species had logistic-regression models with AUC values &gt; 0.75. For six of these species, AUC values were highest for the models with vegetation measurements at the 0.2-3 ha scale. For the other four species, AUC values were highest for the model with vegetation variables measured at the 50-ha scale. These results illustrate the utility of using LiDAR-derived measurements of vegetation to understand habitat associations of riparian birds and underscore the importance of using multiscale approaches to modeling wildlife habitat use.\n      </p>", "Comparisons between how bison and cattle grazing affect the plant community are understood poorly because of confounding differences in how the herbivores are typically managed. This 10-year study compared vegetation changes in Kansas (USA) tallgrass prairie that was burned and grazed season-long at a moderate stocking rate by either bison or cattle. We held management practices constant between the herbivores and equalized grazing pressure by matching animals so that the total body mass in all pastures was similar each year. Trends in species cover and diversity indices in the bison and cattle pastures were compared with ungrazed prairie that also was burned annually. We found that little bluestem (Schizachyrium scoparium) cover decreased over time in bison pastures, and big bluestem (Andropogon gerardii) cover increased over time in cattle pastures. Grazing by either herbivore increased the canopy cover of annual forbs, perennial forbs, and cool-season graminoids, but both annual and perennial forb cover increased at a greater rate in bison pastures than in cattle pastures. Missouri goldenrod (Solidago missouriensis) and heath aster (Symphyotrichum ericoides) were primarily responsible for the increased forb cover in grazed pastures. Species richness at both small (10 m2) and large (200 m2) spatial scales increased at a greater rate in bison pastures than in cattle pastures, but richness did not change through time in ungrazed prairie. The number of annual forb species was significantly higher in bison pastures than in pastures grazed by cattle. Residual graminoid biomass at the end of the grazing season was lower in bison pastures than in cattle pastures, whereas forb residuum increased over time at a greater rate in pastures grazed by bison than in pastures grazed by cattle. Although bison and cattle differentially altered some vegetation components, the plant communities in bison and cattle pastures were 85% similar after 10 years of grazing. We conclude that most measurable differences between bison-grazed and cattle-grazed pastures in tallgrass prairie are relatively minor, and differences in how the herbivores are typically managed may play a larger role in their impact on prairie vegetation than differences between the species.\n      </p>", "Ecologists increasingly recognize that birds can respond to features well beyond their normal areas of activity, but little is known about the relative importance of landscapes and proximate factors or about the scales of landscapes that influence bird distributions. We examined the influences of tree cover at both proximate and landscape scales on grassland birds, a group of birds of high conservation concern, in the Sheyenne National Grassland in North Dakota, USA. The Grassland contains a diverse array of grassland and woodland habitats. We surveyed breeding birds on 2015 100 m long transect segments during 2002 and 2003. We modeled the occurrence of 19 species in relation to habitat features (percentages of grassland, woodland, shrubland, and wetland) within each 100-m segment and to tree cover within 200-1600 m of the segment. We used information-theoretic statistical methods to compare models and variables. At the proximate scales, tree cover was the most important variable, having negative influences on 13 species and positive influences on two species. In a comparison of multiple scales, models with only proximate variables were adequate for some species, but models combining proximate with landscape information were best for 17 of 19 species. Landscape-only models were rarely competitive. Combined models at the largest scales (800-1600 m) were best for 12 of 19 species. Seven species had best models including 1600-m landscapes plus proximate factors in at least one year. These were Wilson's Phalarope (Phalaropus tricolor), Sedge Wren (Cistothorus platensis), Field Sparrow (Spizella pusilla), Grasshopper Sparrow (Ammodramus savannarum), Bobolink (Dolychonix oryzivorus), Red-winged Blackbird (Agelaius phoeniceus), and Brown-headed Cowbird (Molothrus ater). These seven are small-bodied species; thus larger-bodied species do not necessarily respond most to the largest landscapes. Our findings suggest that birds respond to habitat features at a variety of scales. Models with only landscape-scale tree cover were rarely competitive, indicating that broad-scale modeling alone, such as that based solely on remotely sensed data, is likely to be inadequate in explaining species distributions.\n      </p>"], "words": {"represent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "managed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "limited": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "global": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "dynamic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "existing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alien": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "aquatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "woody": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "contributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "centers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "poorly": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relationships": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physiological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "to": {"number": 37, "prob": 0.0003064068005747198}, "program": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analogous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "must": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "southwest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparatively": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rise": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affect": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "four": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "and": {"number": 40, "prob": 0.0003312505952159133}, "respiratory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "presented": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "list": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "arizona,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "succession": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "small": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "loads": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assemblage": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "upper": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "occurrence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biomass": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "past": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "surrounding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "estimated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "linear": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "aim": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "stands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nature,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cell": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "public": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "large,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "designing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "loggerhead": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "new": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "net": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ever": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bird": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "movement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dynamic,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "commercial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understanding": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "attainment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "deposition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "active": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "along": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "change": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extreme": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "great": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biodiversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "thirty": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "larger": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "typically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "survey": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "social": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "military": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "changes": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "involves": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "composed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "followed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "scales": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "duct": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "private": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "highly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ii,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rarely": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "establish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "landscape": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biophysical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "from": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "usa": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "macroalgal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predictions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predict": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "live": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "planted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "taken": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "until": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cladistic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eutrophication": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "optimizing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "populations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggestions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "about": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "site": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "known": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "cases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "women": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "abundance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "organizations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "account": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pride": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "soils": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "this": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "facilitating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproduce": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "remain": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "can": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "island": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "growing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "male": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "process": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsidies": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "share": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "states": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "tract": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "distributions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "species": {"number": 10, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-05}, "native": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "terrestrial": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "information": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "united": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "goal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pine": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "how": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "forest": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "adjacent": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interview": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plant": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "regional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "plans": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "may": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "overall": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "earlier": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "southern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "connectivity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "coming": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "such": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "data": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "response": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "a": {"number": 19, "prob": 0.0001573440327275588}, "attempt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sectors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "element": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inhabiting": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complexity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "green": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "media": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "banks": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "subsequently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geographic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "order": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turnover": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "developed": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "over": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "patterns,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "years": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "paper": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "through": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nitrogen": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "agricultural": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "its": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "scale": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "better": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "production": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "marsh": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "systems": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "policy": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "alter": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "virtually": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "then": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "within": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "affected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "richness": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "material": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "history,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "processes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "effects": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "they": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "communities": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "now": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bank": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "frequency,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "level": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "composition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "streamside": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "invertebrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "characterized": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "constraints": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "turtle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "status": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fish": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cultivated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "constitute": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "society": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "used": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "measure": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "substantially": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "laboratory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "beyond": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sexual": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "living": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fundamentally": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "factors": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "viability": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "research": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "sociological": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nutrient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adaptive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "issue": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theory": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "barrier": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interactions": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "total": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "mechanisms": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "differ": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "management": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "york": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "marine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "macrophytes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mexico,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "determining": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "transition": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "american": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "stimulate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "respond": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "major": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fictions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "features": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nutritional": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primary": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "one": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "plants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "simplified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "specifically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "activity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fluxes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quality": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "endemic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mercury": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "city": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "little": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "ancient": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "annotated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "meaningful": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "system": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "least": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "parallel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "their": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "wildlife": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hundred": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "temperate": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "that": {"number": 16, "prob": 0.00013250023808636532}, "serve": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "environmental": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "part": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "western": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eliminated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "population": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grew": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "morphology,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "were": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "powers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gathering": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contentious": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fragmented": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "modern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "locations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "manner": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "have": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "linked": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "strength": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lagged": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "other": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "high": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "generalized": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "which": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "effectiveness": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "vegetation": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "experienced": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "altered": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "theatre": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "normal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "invasions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "most": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "involving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "significant": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "preliminary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assessed": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "america": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "the": {"number": 74, "prob": 0.0006128136011494396}, "renal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "clear": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "later": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "implications": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "disease": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "salt": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anthropogenic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "decades,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "selection": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "particularly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "insects": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "contemporary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "midwestern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "floodplain": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "relation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "geography": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "redirect": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seagrasses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "based": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "less": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proportion": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "outside": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "controls": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increasingly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "explicitly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fuel": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "local": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "california,": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "do": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hiv": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "de": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantified": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breast": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "despite": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "during": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "secondary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evolution": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "countries": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "fields": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "areas": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "differential": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "remove": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "summary": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "banking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "common": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "including": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "river": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "diversification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spotted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "declared": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "set": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "human": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "vertebrates": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "testing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "zones": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arthropods": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "are": {"number": 17, "prob": 0.00014078150296676313}, "sea": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cattle": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "creating": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ways": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pattern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lianas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "currently": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "tend": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "state": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "various": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "between": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "approach": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "we": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "ability": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "nature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "importance": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "component": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypothesis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "key": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "article": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "restrictions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interpretations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "many": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "biologically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drug": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sensitive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "streams": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "context": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nearby": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "among": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "extent": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "cancer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "invasive": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "period": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "epidemic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colon": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "carbon": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "grazing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "arts": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basis": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "create": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "due": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "been": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "tropical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "genetic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "expected": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "basin": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "territory": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "life": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "diversity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "gay": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "eastern": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fire": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "conifers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "climate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "dramatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understand": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "general": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "case": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "multi": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "atmospheric": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "these": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "empirical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluated": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "will": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "heterogeneity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behavior": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "promising": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "hypertension": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "predation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "associations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studied": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "examines": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "played": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "riparian": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "soil": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "is": {"number": 18, "prob": 0.00014906276784716098}, "it": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "middle": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "in": {"number": 47, "prob": 0.0003892194493786981}, "fastest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lacking": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "suggest": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cumulative": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "adverse": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "complex": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "northwest": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "geographical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habitats": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "document": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "grows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "blooms": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "development": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "responses": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "investigated": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lawyers": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "permit": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "flows": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "producers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "purpose": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "advertisement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "changing": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "expand": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "habitat,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "studies": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "well": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roughly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analysis": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "costs": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "bacterioplankton": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "anoxic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "comparisons": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "model": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "researchers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "summer": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "trophic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diversity,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "being": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ideas": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accumulate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "questions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "behind": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "yet": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "disturbance": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "assemblages": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "regarded": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "source": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spread": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "collections": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "treatment": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "role": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "has": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "real": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ponderosa": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "evaluate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "early": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "increases": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "community": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "background": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "forested": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecosystems": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "accepted": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "physiology,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "success": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lost": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "nutrients": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "performing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offices": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "popular": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agents": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "replacement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mathematical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "because": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "often": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "habitat": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "usa,": {"number": 5, "prob": 4.140632440198916e-05}, "dead": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "chronology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "understood": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "lake,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "inorganic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "home": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "informant": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "cycles,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "sociology": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "describing": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "trace": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "for": {"number": 15, "prob": 0.00012421897320596747}, "bottom": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "legal": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ubiquity": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "does": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "provides": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "measuring": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "be": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "power": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "problems": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "seedlings": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "agreement": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "colonization": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diploid": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "although": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "analyses": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "by": {"number": 8, "prob": 6.625011904318266e-05}, "on": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "limitation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "world": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "of": {"number": 67, "prob": 0.0005548447469866547}, "industry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognized": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compatible": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "range": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "wolf": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "historically": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "logistical": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "islands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "or": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "owl": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "lands": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "formerly": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "into": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "skilled": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "invading": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "two": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "ussr": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "primarily": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "estimators": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "roads": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "statistics": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "area": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "support": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "there": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecologists": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "long": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "why": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conservation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "breeding": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "was": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "war": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "mountains": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "north": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "form": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "offer": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "differences": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "but": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "fisheries": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "atlantic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "injection": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "with": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "climatic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "fragmentation": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "reproductive": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "us": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "achieving": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "critical": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "mature": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "positivism": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "landscapes": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "regimes": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "recognize": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "influence": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "avian": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "exogenous": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "an": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "quantification": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "examine": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "diverse": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "exist": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "at": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "gradients": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "benthic": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "as": {"number": 9, "prob": 7.453138392358049e-05}, "cotton": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "areas,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "not": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "drivers": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "interviews,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "when": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "forests": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "field": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "conditions": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "compares": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "details": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "spatial": {"number": 6, "prob": 4.968758928238699e-05}, "test": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "biogeochemistry": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "pollutants": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "users": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "models": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "critiques": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "drift": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "ecological": {"number": 4, "prob": 3.312505952159133e-05}, "important": {"number": 7, "prob": 5.7968854162784825e-05}, "pathways": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "birds": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "structure": {"number": 3, "prob": 2.4843794641193497e-05}, "land": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "using": {"number": 2, "prob": 1.6562529760795664e-05}, "paper,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "quantifying": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "accumulations": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "herbivores": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "u": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "rates,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "function,": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}, "proximate": {"number": 1, "prob": 8.281264880397832e-06}}}